http://www.mardel.com/customer-service/privacy-terms
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Uncached Time = Fri Dec 11 03:01:12 CST 2020
Cached Time = Fri Dec 11 02:56:36 CST 2020
Email Sign-Up
Store Finder
My Account
My Account
Wish List
Orders
Cart
(0)
30% off one item at regular price
Get Coupon
30% off
Your coupon will be applied to the highest regular-price, eligible item in your cart.
Print coupon to take in-store
Coupon may be used for one individual item only. Coupon will reduce the highest item price by 30%. Limit one coupon per customer per day. Must present coupon at time of purchase. EXCLUSIONS: Coupon use is not permitted with any previous purchases, sale price, discounted price, items marked with a yellow “Your Price” sticker, Willow Tree®, Lifeway® Resources, homeschool curriculum, lamination, imprinting, VBS curriculum, candy, snack products, gum, mints, gift cards, or special orders. Cash Value 1/10¢.
Close
Sign up and Start Saving
Join our email list to receive our Weekly Ad, special promotions, coupons, fun project ideas and store news.
Email address
Submit
Uncached Time = Fri Dec 11 03:01:12 CST 2020
Shop Departments
Christmas Gifts
Categories
Wrapping Paper
Cards & Stationery
Books
Nativity Sets
Happy Birthday Jesus
Children
Christmas Gifts
Music
Advent
Men
Women
Christmas Gifts
Shop all
Gifts & Decor
Categories
Cards & Stationery
Baby & Toddler
Auto Accessories
Coloring for Adults
Candles & Fragrance
Crosses
Figurines
Everyday Gifts
Home & Garden
Home Decor
Kitchen
Journals
Party & Gift Supplies
Messianic
Photo Frames
Additional Categories
Spanish Gifts
Wall Decor
Roman Catholic
Wallets, Purses, & Bags
Popular Themes
Aromatherapy
Coffee Gifts
Planners
Event Planning
Teacher's Gifts
Ministry Appreciation
Journaling
Willow Tree
Christian Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Gifts
Shop all
Jewelry
Categories
Key Chains
Rings
Bracelets
Lapel Pins & Tie Bars
Earrings
Jewelry Organizers
Necklaces
Exclusive to Mardel
Bella Grace
Faith Spark
By His Grace
Faithful & Fabulous
His Truly
Glitter & Grace
Loved By Design
Radiant Sol
Modern Grace
Mercy Adorned
Set Free
Shop All
Soul Anchor
Wildflower Road
Jewelry
Shop all
Clothing
Categories
Men
NOTW
Women
Children
Accessories
Activewear
Baby Accessories
Baby
Clothing
Shop all
Bibles
Categories
Case Pack Bibles
Spanish Bibles
Accessories
Gifts & Award Bibles
Parallel Bibles
Journaling Bibles
Compact & Thinline Bibles
Larger Print Bibles
Study Bibles
Reference Bibles
Devotional & Specialty Bibles
Children's Bibles
Youth Bibles
Additional Categories
All Bibles
Family Bibles
Popular Links
Find the Right Bible
Bible Covers
Sale Bibles
Bible Tabs
Bible Translation Guide
Bible Bindings
Bibles
Shop all
Books
Categories
Bible Studies for Adults
Church & Ministry
Business & Finance
Prayer
Gift Books
Audio Books
Christian Living
Reference
Fiction
Counseling
Spanish Books
Popular Themes
Current Issues & Politics
Marriage & Family
Grief
Islam
Devotionals
Trending Now
Christian Book Awards
New Books
Museum of the Bible
Best Selling Books
The Christy Award
Books
Shop all
Music & Video
Music Categories
Music
Top 10 Music
Gospel
Contemporary
Songbooks
Performance Product
Rock & Rap
Accompaniment Tracks
Spanish
Music Gear
Southern Gospel
Music On Sale Now
New Music
Video Categories
Music Video
Drama
Video
Movies On Sale Now
Comedy
New Movies
Music and Video
Shop all
Children
Categories
Bibles
Games
Music
Video
Educational Toys
Melissa & Doug
Books
Toys
Toys
Active & Outdoor Play
Building Sets
Dolls & Stuffed Animals
Infant & Toddler Toys
Christian Toys
Parent & Child Accessories
Puppets
Pretend Play
Melissa & Doug
Early Learning Skill Builders
Dress Up
Arts & Crafts
Pretend Play
Toddler Toys
Puzzles
Children
Shop all
Homeschool
Shop by Curriculum
Apologia
Shop All Curriculum
A Reason For
Alpha Omega Publications
BJU Press
Easy Grammar
Classical Conversations
Explode the Code / Wordly Wise
Handwriting Without Tears
Life of Fred
Memoria Press
Story of the World
Saxon
Singapore Math
Shop by Subject
Shop All Subjects
Art
Bible
Classical Studies
Books
Finances
History
Language Arts
Early Learning
Foreign Languages
Math
Science
Homeschool
Shop all
Education
Categories
Arts & Crafts
Christian Education
Children's Books
Games & Puzzles
Classroom Essentials
Classroom Decorations
Home Helpers
Math
Dramatic Play
Music
Language Arts
Multilingual
Early Learning
Additional Categories
Science
Storage & Organization
Rewards & Incentives
Social Studies
Special Needs
Student & Office Supplies
Popular Links
Teacher's Gifts
Vacation Bible School (VBS)
Exclusive Classroom Collections
Planners
Education Markdowns
Education
Shop all
Student & Office Supplies
Categories
Binders & Report Presentation
Glue, Tape & Self-Stick Notes
Filing & Storage
Basic Supplies
Poster Board
Project & Science Fair Supplies
Paper & Notebooks
Multipurpose Paper
Pens, Pencils, Crayons, & Markers
Staplers, Scissors, & Rulers
Household Electrical Items
Student & Office Supplies
Shop all
Church
Church Supplies
Bulletins & Programs
Administrative Supplies
Ministry Appreciation
Anointing Oil
Communion Supplies
Outreach
Vacation Bible School (VBS)
Worship Supplies
Offering Supplies
Church
Shop all
40-50% Off Bestsellers
40-50% Off Bestsellers
Shop all
Weekly Ad
Blog
Search Keyword or Item #
Search
Coupon
Weekly Ad
Cached Time = Fri Dec 11 03:01:12 CST 2020
Home
|
Customer Service
|
Privacy & Terms
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Order Status
Account Application
Product Submissions
Name Imprinting
Frequently Asked Questions
Glossary
Recalls
Privacy & Terms
Privacy & Terms
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the "Policy") explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Mardel, Inc. (“Mardel,” “we” or “us”) when you access or use our internet websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, emails, or other online, mobile, or application based services (collectively the "Service"), sign up for our mailing list, and shop in our stores.   Information We Collect   Information You Provide to Us: We collect any information that you submit to us voluntarily or provide to us in any other way, including any categories of personal information as described in the California Consumer Privacy Act. We collect information when you create an online account or profile; log-on with a social media account; use the interactive areas and features of our Service; make an online or in-store purchase; request customer service; participate in contests, promotions, or mailing lists; and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us. For example, when you make a purchase through our Service, we may collect transaction information, such as your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, phone number, and email address.   Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with our Service, emails, and online advertising. This information may include your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, the operating system you are using, and third party links, advertisements, offers from our partners that you click on or other content that you may access or download from the Service, and other information collected by our third party vendors such as Google, Microsoft, IBM, and Evergage.   Details for the information collected by Google can be found at https://privacy.google.com/your-data.html by Microsoft at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacy by IBM at https://www.ibm.com/privacy/details/us/en/ and by Evergage at https://www.evergage.com/privacy-policy/.    Email: When you email us, we are collecting the information you include in your email communication to us.   Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We, and our third party vendors, use first-party cookies (such as Google Marketing Platform), third-party cookies, and related tracking technologies to deliver and enhance the use of the Service, and inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your history with our websites.  If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance. We also use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits on our website.  A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is stored on a user's computer serving as an anonymous unique identifier and allowing the website to recognize future visits from that user’s computer. We use tracking cookies to analyze user behavior on our Service. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your experience in connection with our Service. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting, but you may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits. You can also customize your cookie preferences by clicking the “Cookie Preferences” link below. Please be aware, however, that doing so may affect your use of the Service (such as impeding you from logging in to your account) and hampering your ability to access certain features of our Service.   We may use “web beacons” or “pixel tags” to compile tracking information related to our email campaigns. A “web beacon” or “tracking pixel” is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel that is placed on a web site or in an email that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the web site or sending the email. It is often used in combination with cookies. We do not have the capability to recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals.    Cookie Preferences   Website Banners: Please be sure to customize your cookie settings every time you see the banner appear on the bottom of your screen on our websites, as your settings may have changed since the last time you visited our websites.   Interest-Based Advertising: We may allow third party advertising networks to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. To do this, they will collect anonymous information about your visits to our site, which may include such things as age, gender, and interests, and your interaction with our Service. They may also use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements. These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. We also utilize remarketing with Google and Microsoft to advertise online.  This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie, pixel tag, or similar technology. To learn more about interest-based ads, and how you may be able to unsubscribe to such targeted advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the Network Advertising Initiative website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.     Digital Advertising:  In providing the Service, we may utilize analytics and ad serving tools provided by third parties such as Google and Microsoft, including, but not limited to Google Marketing Platform, Google Ads, and Bing Ads to support display advertising.    California Consumer Privacy Act: If you are a California resident, please click here to visit our page for our California Privacy Notice and California Notice at Collection for more specific information.  Purposes of Collecting Your Information Pursuant to the terms of this Policy, we may use the information we collect from you to for the following purposes:  • provide and deliver products and services • process and complete transactions • send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages; • investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; • respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; • communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information; • conduct e-mail campaigns; • create and send invoices; • create and send purchase confirmations; • deliver and enhance e-mails, websites, or other online communication; • process requests to sign up for e-mail alerts; • process tax exempt information; • document information provided by you; • identify operational events; • coordinate international shipments; • correspond with business partners; • audit trail logging; • safeguard against bad checks; • determine purchase history;  • engage with you via social media; • engrave names on products; • receive feedback from our app; • obtain conveyor system data for daily operations; • complete visitor logs; • retrieve/exchange card information; • provide receipts;  • create and manage accounts; • send daily reports to management; • respond to credit/debit card disputes; • review/process/defend claims; • conduct credit checks; • mail information; • process federal and state income tax credits; • process federal and state returns/reports; • obtain marketing information; • determine demographic and/or residential information; • process unclaimed property information; • monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities; • personalize your experiences; • conduct targeted advertising; • process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes; and • provide, maintain, and improve the Service or our overall business. In addition to the purposes above, if you are a prospective/current employee, we may use the information we collect from you to for the following purposes:  • conduct background checks;  • initiate and maintain benefits for employees;  • process employment;  • create/maintain employee files;  • conduct drug tests;  • provide training to employees;  • review and approve policy;  • emergency contact information; • assign work to employees; • temporary employee logs;  • applicant logs; • screen prospective/current employees;  • maintain information with government entities;  • employment status verification; • process payroll; • qualification or licensure by government entities; • initiate direct deposit; • review/perform services for employees related to human resources and leave; • complete government forms; • maintain medical files; • complete direct deposit forms; • deposit checks; • reimburse expenses; and • make payment for products or services. California Consumer Privacy Act: If you are a California resident, please click here to visit our page for our California Privacy Notice and California Notice at Collection for more specific information. Sharing Your Information The information we collect is used to improve the content and the quality of our Service, and without your consent we will not otherwise sell, license or share your personal information to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except: (a) to provide the Service, (b) when we have your permission, and/or (c) or under the following instances:   Affiliates: We may share the information we collect with our subsidiaries and affiliates, for operational, marketing and promotional purposes.   Credit Card Provider: We may share the information we collect with our banking partners, including U.S. Bancorp, which issues the Mardel Rewards Visa Card.   Service Providers: We may share your information with our service providers that support various aspects of our business operations (e.g., web hosting, storage, shipping, fulfillment, mobile marketing, analytics providers, call center service providers, sweepstakes vendors, and payment processors). When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. The specific entities describing these service providers are included in the information pertaining to the California Consumer Privacy Act.   Legal Disclosure and Business Transfers: We may disclose your information as permitted or required by law without your consent, if we are compelled to release information by a court of law or other person or entity with jurisdiction to compel production of such information (e.g., subpoenas). Additionally, if we have reasonable grounds to believe information could be useful in the investigation or prevention of improper or unlawful activity (i.e., suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use), we may disclose information voluntarily to law enforcement agencies or other appropriate investigative bodies without obtaining your consent before doing so.   Mardel may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including any information we collect from you, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in control, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.   California Consumer Privacy Act: If you are a California resident, please click here to visit our page for our California Privacy Notice and California Notice at Collection for more specific information.   Links to Third-Party Websites Our Service contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. Social Media Sharing The Service may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and Pinterest, which let you share actions you take on the Service with other media, and vice versa.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. The fact that we link to or provide integrated tools for sharing with social media sites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that social media site, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features. Securing Your Personal Info   Mardel endeavors to safeguard your personal information to ensure that such personal information is protected from loss, theft, unauthorized access, or disclosure. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse. Children and Minors The Service is not intended for use by minors under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly solicit any information from or market to such minors. If you are a parent or legal guardian who discovers that your child has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us.  Changes We may periodically update this Policy at our sole discretion and as required by law. We will post any changes to this Policy to our website, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, in some cases, email notification of such changes). Please ensure that your primary email address on file with us is correct.  Unsubscribe   We may send you communications regarding our Service, including (without limitation): (a) notices about your use of our Service (including any notices regarding violations of such use), (b) updates to our Service, and (c) promotional information and materials related to our Service.  You may unsubscribe to promotional emails sent by us at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in a promotional email.  Please note, however, that unsubscribing will not apply to non-promotional system messages (e.g., transactional service messages, security alerts, update notices). Contacting Us You can access a printable version of this Policy by clicking here. Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy.
Terms of Use
Thank you for your interest in Mardel! The Mardel website, currently located at
http://www.mardel.com
(including any sub-domains, subpages, directories, or mobile versions of the website), and all Mardel mobile applications and online services (collectively the "Site") are made available to you by Mardel Stores, Inc. ("Mardel," "us," "we," or "our").
1. Acceptance of Terms
Your access and use of the Site, is subject to the terms and conditions contained in these terms of use (the "Terms"). By accessing or otherwise using the Site, you ("visitor" "you" or "your") agree to be bound by these Terms.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE . We may revise these Terms from time to time with notice to you by email or by posting such revised Terms to the Site. Your continued use of the Site will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site.
Access and use of the Site are also subject to the Mardel Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the policy to learn more about how we collect, use and share information about you and others that visit and interact with our Site.
2. Age Eligibility for Use and Access of the Site
The Site is not directed towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older. If you are not at least 13 years of age, do not access or use the Site. In addition, you may not purchase products from our Site unless you are at least 18 years of age.
3. Account Registration
When you visit the Site you have the option of registering with Mardel. By registering with Mardel you may receive certain benefits, such as an expedited check-out process and access to your online order history. Registration is not required to access or use the Site, but you understand and acknowledge that certain features of the Site or benefits offered by Mardel may only be available to registered users. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
4. Purchasing Products from the Site
All purchases of products and services from the Site are subject to the Mardel Terms of Sale. The Terms of Sale is where you will find information on our policies and procedures relevant to your online purchase, including but not limited to shipping, taxes, returns and exchanges, gift cards, and other similar or related policies.
5. Ownership and Content
The content, including all text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, video, data and other materials available through the Site (collectively "Content") is the sole property of Mardel and its licensors, and is protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Accordingly, Mardel and its licensors expressly reserve any and all rights and licenses not explicitly granted to you under these Terms. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access and make personal use of the Site and the Content for non-commercial purposes only. Except as noted above, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any manner any Content from the Site, without the express written consent of Mardel.
6. Trademarks and Logos
The Site contains valuable trademarks owned and used by us to distinguish Mardel, its brand, and the services from those of others. The Site may also contain references to other entities' trademarks and service marks, but such references are for identification purposes only. We do not claim ownership in, or any affiliation with, any third-party trademarks or service marks appearing on the Site. You agree not to use or display any trademarks you do not own without our prior written consent or the consent of the owner of such mark.
7. Acceptable Use of Our Site
By accessing the Site, you agree that you will not (and will not permit or encourage others to): (1) Use the Site or Content in violation of any applicable law, regulation, or ordinance;(2) Conduct fraudulent activities on the Site;(3) Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit the Site or the Content for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Mardel;(4) Transmit, copy, or download any Content (in whole or in part) for the benefit of any other merchant;(5) Use or attempt to use any software, tool, agent, robot, spider or other similar data mining, scraping and extraction tools to navigate, search, or crawl the Site;(6) Tamper with the Site or use or attempt to use any device, software, routine, or data that interferes or attempts to interfere with the working or functionality of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site; or (7) Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Site.
8. Links to Our Site
You are allowed to establish a hypertext link ("link") to the Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your Site by us. Without our prior express written permission, you may not frame, or in-line link, any of the Content or components of the Site, or incorporate into another Site or other service any of our intellectual property. Please
contact us
if you would like to request permission to frame any Content appearing on the Site or in-line link to the Site.
9. Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may provide links, advertisements, or widgets that permit you to access or interact with other websites (including social media sites) maintained by third parties. When you engage a third party's website or service which is linked to the Site, you are interacting with the third party and not with us. Such linked websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained within a linked website, or any changes or updates to such third-party websites. Posting of a link, advertisement, or widget pertaining to another website does not constitute endorsement of that website (or any of the products, services or other materials offered through that website) by us or our licensors, regardless of whether or not the link is associated with a third party advertisement carried by the website. Accordingly, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites nor any data or information you may share with such other websites, and make no warranties, express or implied, as to any third party websites or the products or services they provide. We therefore encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our Site, and to read the privacy policies and associated terms and conditions for each and every website that you visit.
10. Submissions
You are solely responsible for any information that you submit to us. By using the Site you agree not to submit or transmit any defamatory, abusive, obscene, threatening or illegal material, or any other material that infringes on the ability of others to enjoy the Site or that infringes on the rights (including any intellectual property rights) of others. We reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to monitor, delete, move, or edit any submissions that come to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. We will comply with all requirements of the law regarding disclosure to third parties of any submissions you make to us, including to law enforcement agencies and parties making civil legal requests. We will also comply with any other requirements of the law regarding disclosure of other aspects of your use of the Site. By submitting or posting content on the Site, you grant Mardel and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content on the Site and on third-party sites.
11. Changes to the Site and Termination
We have the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, or suspend (temporarily or permanently) any aspect of our Site, at any time, without notice or liability to you. Additionally, we reserve the right to restrict, suspend or terminate your use of and/or access to the Site, at any time, and for any reason, without notice or liability to you.
12. Errors, Inaccuracies, Availability
We attempt to display the product images shown on the Site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the actual product color, as the display of the color depends, in part, upon the monitor you are using. Prices and availability of products displayed on the Site are subject to change without notice and may vary from the prices and availability of products within our stores. Mardel seeks to describe and display its products accurately on the Site. However, you understand and acknowledge that despite these efforts, our Site may contain errors, may be missing information, or may not be current. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions, and to update information at any time without notice or liability to you.
13. Promotions
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules.
14. Disclaimers
WE PROVIDE THE USE OF THE SITE "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". YOU AGREE THAT ANY USE OF AND RELIANCE UPON THE SITE (INCLUDING ANY AND ALL OF THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN) BY YOU IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO (AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL) REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT ANY CONTENT YOU UPLOAD TO THE SITE WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 15. Limitations of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HOBBY LOBBY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT) HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, HOBBY LOBBY'S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF OUR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION WILL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50.00). THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF A FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY OTHER REMEDY. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ABOVE PROVISIONS FAIRLY ALLOCATE THE RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WITHOUT WHICH THEY WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE THIS LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 16. Third Party Notices
Portions of our Site may utilize the following copyrighted material of third party vendors (collectively, the "Third Party Vendors"), the use of which is hereby acknowledged. Your use of the Site is also subject to the following Third Party Vendors' terms and conditions:
a.
AFNetworking
(Copyright © 2011 Gowalla (http://gowalla.com/))
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
b.
Google Toolbox for Mac
(Copyright 2006-2008 Google Inc.)
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
c.
iCarousel
(Version 1.8, September 3, 2013 Copyright © 2011 Charcoal Design)
This software is provided "as-is" without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1) The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgement in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required;2) Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software;3) This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
d.
MBProgressHUD
(Copyright © 2011 Matej Bukovinski)
This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
17. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Mardel, its subsidiaries, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, and partners, and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, or licensors, against any liabilities, losses, investigations, inquiries, claims, suits, damages, costs, and expenses (including all associated costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees) due to or arising out of your actual or alleged breach of the Terms or unauthorized access to or use of the Site.
18. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Oklahoma, without regard to its principles regarding conflicts of law or your state or country of residence. You and Mardel agree that all claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Site will be brought solely before an arbitrator in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma and hereby irrevocably submit to, and waive any objection to arbitration.
19. Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law and are properly provided to us. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement in connection with the Site is:
ATTN: DMCA Agent Mardel Stores, Inc. 7707 SW 44th St Oklahoma City, OK 73179 dmcara@mardel.com Fax (405) 745-1721 Phone (405) 745-1854
To file a notice of infringement with Mardel, the requirements specified in Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 must be fulfilled. The text of this statute can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office web site.
20. Miscellaneous
These Terms, including policies and information linked from or incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Mardel with respect to the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements, and proposals with respect to the Site. You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time. Our failure to enforce any of the provisions of the Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under the Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of you and Mardel, and that the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
21. Contact Us
We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to
contact us
at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows:
Mardel Attention Customer Service 7600 A SW 44th St Oklahoma City, OK 73179
Terms of Sale
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE PLACING ANY ORDERS THROUGH OUR SITE.These terms of sale (the "Terms"), constitute a legally binding contract between you ("visitor" "you" or "your") and Mardel Stores, Inc. ("Mardel," "us," "we," or "our") that governs your purchase of any and all products and/or services (collectively, "Item(s)") made on or through the Mardel website, currently located at http://www.shop.mardel.com (including any sub-domains, subpages, directories, or mobile versions of the website), and all Mardel mobile applications and online services (collectively the "Site"). 1. Acceptance of Terms By placing an order for Items through the Site (an "Order"), you agree to be bound by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT ORDER ITEMS FROM OUR SITE. Additionally, by placing an Order through the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to enter into a binding contract with Mardel. If you are purchasing Items on behalf of a business, by accepting these Terms, you confirm that you have authority to bind such business to a contract with Mardel.Your purchase of Items through the Site is also subject to the HobbyLobby.com Terms of Use and Mardel Privacy Policy, both of which are incorporated in their entirety into these Terms by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Use and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING A REQUIREMENT THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND HOBBY LOBBY BE RESOLVED THROUGH ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.These Terms apply solely to Items that you purchase on or through our Site and do not extend to any Items that you may purchase at our physical retail locations ("Mardel Store(s)"). You understand that our Mardel Stores may have policies and terms of sale that differ from these Terms and we make no guarantees that such policies in effect within the Mardel Stores will be consistent with these Terms or vice versa. 2. Changes We may change the Terms at any time and without notice to you. The Terms in effect at the time you place your Order will govern your purchase and serve as the purchase contract between us with respect to such Order. Before your next purchase, we may change the Terms without notice to you. Please be sure to review the current Terms each time you visit the Site. We recommend that you save or print a copy of the Terms for future reference when you make a purchase. 3. Placing Orders To place an Order for Items through the Site, you must add the Items to your shopping cart, and complete the check-out process, including providing us with a valid mailing address, email and payment information. Once an Order is submitted, you may not change or cancel that Order. Please refer to our Return/Exchange Policy below for information on how to return Items you may have ordered in error. After you submit your Order, we will provide you with an Order confirmation through the Site and to the email address that you provided to us. The Order confirmation means that your Order request has been received by us; it does not mean that your Order has been accepted or shipped or that the price or availability of an Item has been confirmed. We reserve the right to reject an Order, at any time, and for any reason, in our sole discretion, including if you have not met the conditions specified at the time of the Order, if your payment cannot be processed, if the ordered Items are not available, or for errors on the Site or made in connection with your Order.We may place a limit on the quantities of Items that may be purchased per Order, per account, per credit card, per person, or per household. If we are unable to supply the Items that you ordered, we may ship what Items you ordered that we can supply and will charge you the price, shipping, handling, and taxes applicable to the adjusted Order. In the event an Item you ordered is not available but an alternative but similar Item is available, we may contact you and offer you the option of replacing the ordered Item with its alternative. If you do not choose to purchase the alternative Item, we will cancel that Item from your Order. In the event of an error on the Site or made in connection with your Order, we reserve the right to correct the error and charge you the correct price. In that situation, we will contact you and offer you the option of purchasing the Item at the correct price or canceling your Order. 4. Pricing and Payment The prices listed for Items available through the Site do not include shipping, handling or taxes, if applicable. Prior to you submitting your credit card or other payment method, we will add all applicable shipping, handling and taxes to the price for the Items you are purchasing. You will have an opportunity to review the shipping, handling, and taxes before you complete your Order. Each Item in your shopping cart is shown at the current price. The Site does not have a price match guarantee. We will not match the advertised price other retailers offer for the same Items. If you have questions regarding the price of an Item or the associated shipping, handling, or taxes please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321.We offer different payment options as identified on our Site. We reserve the right to change our payment options at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion. All Orders must be pre-paid before shipping. Pricing is for individual consumers. If you want to purchase for a commercial, educational or government organization, please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321.The prices, product selection and promotions offered at a Mardel Store location may be different from those on the Site. We do not guarantee that a price, product or promotion offered through the Site will be available or honored at a Mardel Store or vice versa. 5. Return/Exchange Policy If you are not completely satisfied with the Items you have purchased through the Site you may return your Items to us within 90 days of the date of your purchase, subject to the following conditions (the "Return/Exchange Policy"):To return an Item, you must complete the return form provided with your Order and send it to: mardel.com Attention Customer Service 7717 SW 44th Street Oklahoma City, OK 73179Items returned must be in sellable condition. Opened or used merchandise cannot be returned.Shipping and handling charges will not be refunded.We are unable to accept returns on opened software, music, DVDs, games or electronic devices.Gift cards cannot be returned or redeemed for cash or credit except where required by law.Mardel Stores cannot accept returns for Items purchased through the Site and the Site will not accept returns of Items purchased in Mardel Stores.Seasonal merchandise in sellable condition must be returned within 30 days of the purchase.Clearance items are non-returnable.If you have received damaged, broken, or defective Items please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321 before returning the Item(s).We reserve the right to deny any return if it fails to meet the above conditions, in our sole determination.If eligible, you will receive a refund for the purchase price of the Items and applicable sales tax. Credit will be issued to the credit card or other payment method used at the time of purchase. Please allow up to 2 weeks for your return to be processed and credit issued.If you wish to exchange an Item you purchased through the Site, you may do so by:Placing an Order through the Site for the new Items.Subject to our return protocols noted above, return the unwanted Items to us for a refund. 6. Shipping and Delivery All Orders placed on the Site are subject to product availability. We do not guarantee that an entire Order will be shipped together. If individual Items from your Order are determined to be out of stock, we may ship the remaining Items to you, with or without notice to you. All shipping and delivery dates noted on the Site are estimates only. Items ordered through the Site will be shipped according to the following policies: a. 48 Contiguous United States Orders are shipped via FedEx, FedEx Smart Post, USPSShipping charges are determined by the sub-total of your OrderOrders are typically processed within 2-3 days of their receipt, however, during peak holiday seasons (e.g., Mother's Day &Christmas) it can take an additional 1-2 business days to process your Order for shipment. Once your Order is shipped, it typically takes anywhere from 1-7 days for delivery to occur. b. Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories, APO/FPO &PO Boxes Shipping charges are determined by the sub-total of your OrderOrders are shipped via USPS Priority Mail, Parcel Post or 1st class mail and can take up to several weeks to arrive. c. International Delivery We do not accept international Orders. Please note that this international delivery restriction does not include Military Addresses, Guam, Puerto Rico &the US Virgin Islands. Subject to these Terms, we will accept and ship Orders to these destinations. d. Gift Cards All gift card orders are shipped via 1st Class Mail. If you place an Order for a gift card together with other Items, the gift card will be processed and mailed separately. 7. Export Restrictions Items purchased from the Site may be subject to customs and export control laws and regulations. You agree to comply with all international and national laws and regulations that apply to you in relation to such Items. 8. Promo Codes, Coupons, Rebates You may only use promo codes and coupons that specifically state they are valid for use with the Site. Promo codes and coupons may be subject to certain limitations, including but not limited to limits on the number of redemptions, quantities purchased, eligible Items, geographic location, as well as being subject to expiration. You also understand that coupons offered through our Mardel Stores may not be valid for use on our Site and coupons offered through the Site may not be valid for use within the Mardel Stores. We reserve the right to refuse to honor any promo code or coupon, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that the promo code or coupon has expired, the Items ordered are ineligible, or that the promo code or coupon is otherwise invalid.To the extent that any Item available through the Site contains a manufacturer's rebate or similar offer or promotion ("Manufacturer Promotion"), you understand and acknowledge that Mardel does not manage or have control over and shall not be responsible for any such Manufacturer Promotion, and that the manufacturer is solely responsible for the fulfillment, redemption, and eligibility determination for such Manufacturer Promotion. If you have any questions regarding a Manufacturer Promotion or your eligibility for such Manufacturer Promotion, we encourage you to contact the manufacturer.Please note there are numerous sources of fraudulent Mardel coupons available online. Most of these sources originate from outside of the United States. As a result, Mardel is unable to prevent the dissemination of fraudulent coupons and will only honor the legitimate and authorized weekly Mardel "30% Off One Item at Regular Price" coupons. 9. Gift Cards Gift Cards can be applied toward purchases made through the Site or at our Mardel Stores. Gift Cards have no expiration date; however some states may declare idle funds to be "unclaimed property." We cannot replace funds declared unclaimed property by the government. Therefore we encourage you to redeem your card promptly. Unused value on the card may be redeemed or refunded for cash only as required by applicable law. Lost or stolen cards will not be replaced. If an Order exceeds the amount of the Gift Card, the balance must be paid with a credit card or other available payment method. For balance inquiries, please call 1-877-303-4938 or you may check your gift card balance online
here. 10. No Warranties  HOBBY LOBBY MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS SOLD ON THE SITE. THEY ARE WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY UNDER THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY THAT MAY ACCOMPANY THEM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR PURCHASE AND USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT WE PROVIDE ITEMS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THEIR QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE. SHOULD THEY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIR. HOBBY LOBBY DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS, IF THEY ARE APPLICABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT CONTENT LOSS WON'T OCCUR.  11. Errors on the Site Mardel seeks to describe and display its products accurately on the Site. However, you understand and acknowledge that despite these efforts, the descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, and prices of Items described or depicted on the Site may be incorrect or out of date at any given time. We reserve the right to make changes to the Site at any time, including to correct any errors or omissions, and to update information at any time without notice or liability to you. We attempt to display the product images shown on the Site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the actual product color, as the display of the color depends, in part, upon the monitor you are using. 12. Termination or Suspension We may terminate your account or use of the Site at any time for any reason, including, without limitation, if you are in breach of these Terms. By using the Site, you agree to be responsible for any Orders you make or charges you incur prior to such termination. We may change, discontinue, or otherwise suspend the Site at any time, for any reason, and without prior notice to you. 13. Miscellaneous These Terms, including the Terms of Use, policies and information linked from or incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Mardel with respect to the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements, and proposals with respect to the Site. These Terms may only be amended as expressly provided in Section 2 above. For avoidance of doubt, any communications, emails, promotions, flyers, or other marketing materials that you may receive from Mardel or any employee or agent of Mardel, via the Site or from a Mardel Store, will not be deemed to be a modification or amendment of these Terms. You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time. Our failure to enforce any of the provisions of the Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under the Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of you and Mardel, and that the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 14. Contact Us We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to
contact us
at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows: mardel.com Attention Customer Service 7727 SW 44th St Oklahoma City, OK 73179
California Privacy Notice
California Privacy Notice
Thank you for your interest in Mardel, Inc. (“Mardel,” “we,” “our,” or “us.”) The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended from time to time (the “CCPA”), provides certain rights pertaining to the personal information belonging to any natural person who is a California resident (“Consumer,” “you,” or “your”) that we collect, use, disclose, or sell. We developed this California Privacy Notice (“Notice”) to inform you of your rights and explain our practices regarding the personal information we collect, use, and share through this website, when communicating with us, when purchasing products from us, or otherwise in the course of operating our business.
This Notice supplements our Privacy Policy, to describe our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. All defined terms within the CCPA, including those defined in Section 1798.140 of the California Civil Code, apply for the purposes of interpreting this Notice. Any capitalized term used herein that is not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed in our Privacy Policy.
By accessing or using our website, submitting information to us, or otherwise acknowledging this Notice, you understand and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Notice and our Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information. Before we collect personal information, we inform Consumers as to the categories of personal information to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of personal information will be used. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing Consumers with notice. The categories of personal information we collect and purposes for which the categories of personal information may be used are listed in our [Notice at Collection].
Request to Delete. A Consumer may request us to delete any personal information about the Consumer which we have collected or maintained.
Unless an exemption applies, we are required to delete the personal information from our records and direct any service providers to delete the personal information from their records within 45 days (or 90 days if written notice of a 45-day extension is given during the initial 45 days) of receiving a request. To submit a request through this website, please click here
;
to submit a request via telephone, please call 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests more than two times in a 12-month period.
Each request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to a Consumer’s request. We will communicate to you through your email address.
After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.
Please note that we are not required to comply with a deletion request if it is necessary for us or our service provider to maintain the personal information to:
• Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected;
• Provide a good or service requested by the Consumer or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with the Consumer;
• Perform a contract between us and the Consumer;
• Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
• Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
• Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another Consumer to exercise free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
• Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
• To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the Consumer based on the Consumer’s relationship with us.
• Comply with a legal obligation; or
• Otherwise use the Consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the Consumer provided the information.
Request to Know. A Consumer may request the following information from us pertaining to the Consumer’s personal information that we collect, use, disclose, and sell:
• The categories of personal information we have collected about the Consumer;
• The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
• The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose about the consumer;
• The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
• The specific pieces of personal information that we have about the Consumer.
We must disclose the above information within 45 days (or 90 days if written notice of a 45-day extension is given during the initial 45 days) of receiving a request. To submit a request through this website, please click here
;
to submit a request via telephone, please call 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests more than two times in a 12-month period.
Each request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to a Consumer’s request. We will communicate to you through your email address.
After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.
We are not required to retain any personal information collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information is not retained.
We are also not required to reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information.
Opt Out and Opt In of Sale of Personal Information. A third party cannot sell personal information that has been sold to the third party by us unless the Consumer has received explicit notice and is provided an opportunity to exercise the right to opt out.
We do not and will not sell personal information. However, any Consumer has the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells personal information to third parties not to sell the Consumer’s personal information. This right is referred as the right to opt out.
If we sell personal information, we must provide notice that this information may be sold and that Consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information.
We are not allowed to sell the personal information of any Consumers whom we have actual knowledge is less than 16 years of age, unless the Consumer, in the case of those between 13 and 16 years of age, or a parent or guardian, in the case of Consumers who are less than 13 years of age, has affirmatively authorized the sale of personal information. A business that willfully disregards the age shall be deemed to have had actual knowledge of the age. This right is referred as the right to opt in.
If we receive direction from a Consumer not to sell personal information (or we have not obtained consent from a parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age), we shall be prohibited from selling the Consumer’s personal information, unless the Consumer (or parent or guardian in case of Consumer less than 13 years of age) subsequently provides express authorization for the sale of the Consumer’s personal information.
Discrimination Prohibited. We cannot discriminate because a Consumer exercised rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
• Denying goods or services;
• Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
• Providing a different level or quality of goods or services; or
• Suggesting that the Consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may charge a different rate or price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value of the Consumer’s data.
We may offer financial incentives for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. We may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services if that price or difference is directly related to the value of the Consumer’s data.
If we offer financial incentives, we must provide notice of such incentives in accordance with the CCPA.
We may enter a Consumer into a financial incentive program only if prior opt-in consent is given which clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked at any time.
We will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
Categories of Personal Information Collected. The following is a list of the categories of personal information we have collected about Consumers in the preceding 12 months, and will collect from you based on how you interact with us. For each category of personal information collected, we have provided the categories of sources from which we collect that information, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect the information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
Identifiers Such As a Real Name, Alias, Postal Address, Unique Personal Number, Online Identifier, Internet Protocol Address, Email Address, Account Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s License number, Passport Number, or Other Similar Identifiers
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, operating systems and platforms, product suppliers, social networks, advertising networks, and data analytics providers.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to audit trail logging; communicate about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information; complete visitor logs; conduct email campaigns; coordinate international shipments; correspond with business partners; create and manage accounts; create and send invoices; create and send purchase confirmations; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; deposit checks; determine demographic and/or residential information; determine purchase history; engage with a Consumer via social media; engrave names on products; identify operational events; inform, optimize, and serve advertisements; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; mail information; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities; obtain conveyor system data for daily operations; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers’ experiences; process and complete transactions; process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes; process federal and state income tax credits; process federal and state returns/reports; process requests to sign up for email alerts; process tax exempt information; process unclaimed property information; provide and deliver products and services; provide receipts; provide, maintain, and improve the Service of our overall business; receive feedback from our app; respond to a Consumer’s comments and questions; provide customer service; respond to credit/debit card disputes; retrieve/exchange card information; review/process/defend claims; safeguard against bad checks; send a Consumer certain information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages; and send daily reports.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are advertising networks, background screening companies, banks, check authorization companies, check recovery companies, credit check companies, credit check references, data analytics providers, delivery and courier providers, e-commerce websites, engineering companies, government entities, law enforcement, legal compliance providers, operating systems and platforms, order fulfillment providers, payment processing companies, printing companies, product suppliers, security companies, social networks, and third party administrators.
Other Information that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual (Personal Information Described in Subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code other than Those Already Described in this Notice)
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to communicate about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, or other information; conduct credit checks; create and manage accounts; create and send invoices; create and send purchase confirmations; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; process and complete transactions; process federal and state income tax credits; process federal and state returns/reports; process tax exempt information; provide and deliver products and services; respond to a Consumer’s comments and questions; provide customer service; review/process/defend claims; safeguard against bad checks; and send a Consumer certain information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are background screening companies, check authorization companies, check recovery companies, government entities, legal compliance providers, operating systems and platforms, and third party administrators.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to conduct credit checks; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers’ experiences; process federal and state income tax credits; process federal and state returns/reports; process tax exempt information; review/process/defend claims; and safeguard against bad checks.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are advertising networks, background screening companies, check authorization companies, check recovery companies, credit check companies, data analytics providers, e-commerce websites, government entities, law enforcement, legal compliance providers, operating systems and platforms, payment processing companies, security companies, social networks, and third party administrators.
Commercial Information, Including Records of Personal Property, Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered, or Other Purchasing or Consuming Histories or Tendencies
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to audit trail logging; communicate about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, or other information; conduct email campaigns; create and send invoices to Consumers; create and send purchase confirmations to Consumers; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; deliver and enhance mobile websites and applications; determine purchase history; inform, optimize, and serve ads; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers' experiences; personalize websites; process and complete transactions; respond to a Consumer’s comments or questions; provide customer service; provide, maintain, or improve Service for Consumers; respond to credit/debit card disputes; and ship product(s) to Consumers.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, security companies, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, security companies, payment processing companies, operating systems and platforms, and banks.
Biometric Information.
We have not collected any biometric information from Consumers in the preceding 12 months.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Including, But Not Limited To, Browsing History, Search History, and Information Regarding a Consumer’s Interaction with an Internet Website, Application, or Advertisement
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to audit trail logging; communicate about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, or other information; conduct email campaigns; create and send purchase confirmations; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; determine demographic and/or residential information; determine purchase history; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers’ experiences; provide, maintain, and improve the Service or our overall business; receive feedback from our app; and send a Consumer certain information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, security companies, and social networks.
Geolocation Data
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to audit trail logging; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; determine demographic and/or residential information; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers’ experiences; and provide, maintain, and improve the Service or our overall business.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, government entities, operating systems and platforms, and security companies.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to audit trail logging; communicate about products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, or other information; deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities; monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities; obtain marketing information; personalize Consumers’ experiences; process tax exempt information; and respond to credit/debit card disputes.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, government entities, security companies, operating systems and platforms, and payment processing companies.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to review/process/defend claims and audit trail logging.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are legal compliance providers, third party administrators, security companies, and government entities.
Education Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to review/process/defend claims.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are third party administrators.
IN ADDITION TO THE PURPOSES ABOVE, IF A CONSUMER IS A PROSPECTIVE/CURRENT EMPLOYEE, WE MAY COLLECT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION FROM THE CONSUMER:
Identifiers Such As a Real Name, Alias, Postal Address, Unique Personal Number, Online Identifier, Internet Protocol Address, Email Address, Account Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s License number, Passport Number, or Other Similar Identifiers
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, operating systems and platforms, product suppliers, social networks, advertising networks, and data analytics providers.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to complete applicant logs; assign work to employees; complete direct deposit forms; complete government forms; conduct background checks; conduct drug tests; correspond with business partners; create/maintain employee files; deposit checks; verify employment status; initiate and maintain benefits for employee; initiate direct deposit; maintain information with government entities; make payment for products or services; process employment; process payroll; provide training to employees; reimburse expenses; review and approve policy; review/perform services related to human resources and/or leave; and complete temporary employee logs.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are accounting firms, background screening companies, banks, employee benefits providers, employment screening companies, financial service companies, healthcare management companies, healthcare providers, human resource providers, insurance companies, international supply chain partners, investment companies, legal compliance companies, past employers, payroll companies, third party administrators, third party vendors, and travel agencies.
Other Information that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual (Personal Information Described in Subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code other than Those Already Described in this Notice)
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to conduct background checks; create/maintain employee files; emergency contact information; initiate and maintain benefits for employees; maintain information with government entities; provide training to employees; reimburse expenses; review and approve policy; and review/perform services related to human resources and/or leave.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are background screening companies, employee benefits providers, employment screening companies, financial service companies, healthcare management companies, healthcare providers, human resources providers, insurance companies, investment companies, legal compliance providers, payroll companies, and third party administrators.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law.
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to complete government forms; conduct background checks; conduct drug tests; create/maintain employee files; verify employment status; initiate and maintain benefits for employees; maintain medical files; process certifications for licenses; provide emergency contact information; qualify employees for licensure by government entities; and review/perform services related to human resources and/or leave.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are accounting firms, background screening companies, employee benefits providers, employment screening companies, financial service companies, government entities, healthcare management companies, healthcare providers, human resources providers, insurance companies, investment companies, legal compliance providers, payroll companies, pharmacies, third party administrators, and travel agencies.
Commercial Information, Including Records of Personal Property, Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered, or Other Purchasing or Consuming Histories or Tendencies.
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to initiate and maintain benefits for employees; reimburse expenses to employees; and review/perform services related to human resources and/or leave.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are healthcare management companies, healthcare providers, pharmacies, third party administrators, employee benefits providers, insurance companies, financial service companies, payroll companies, and legal compliance providers.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Including, But Not Limited To, Browsing History, Search History, and Information Regarding a Consumer’s Interaction with an Internet Website, Application, or Advertisement
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to process employment; qualify employees for licensure by government entities; and initiate and maintain benefits for employees.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are past employers.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to initiate and maintain benefits for employees; verify employment status; qualify employees for licensure by government entities; and review/perform services related to human resources and leave.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to conduct background checks; create/maintain employee files; verify employment status; initiate and maintain benefits for employees; process employment; qualify employees for licensure by government entities; and review/perform services related to human resources and/or leave.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are background screening companies, employee benefits providers, employment screening companies, financial service companies, healthcare management companies, healthcare providers, human resources providers, insurance companies, investment companies, legal compliance providers, past employers, payroll companies, and third party administrators.
Education Information
The categories of sources from which this information is collected are the Consumers directly.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect this information are to conduct background checks; process employment; create/maintain employee files; verify employment status; initiate and maintain benefits for employees; and review/perform services related to human resources.
The categories of third parties with whom we share this personal information are employee benefits providers and human resources providers.
Disclose for a Business Purpose. We have disclosed the following personal information about Consumers for business purpose(s) during the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers Such As a Real Name, Alias, Postal Address, Unique Personal Number, Online Identifier, Internet Protocol Address, Email Address, Account Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s License number, Passport Number, or Other Similar Identifiers
Other Information that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual (Personal Information Described in Subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code other than Those Already Described in this Notice)
Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under California or Federal Law
Commercial Information, Including Records of Personal Property, Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered, or Other Purchasing or Consuming Histories or Tendencies
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Including, But Not Limited To, Browsing History, Search History, and Information Regarding a Consumer’s Interaction with an Internet Website, Application, or Advertisement
Geolocation Data
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Education Information
Specific Pieces of Personal Information. In order to determine the specific pieces of personal information collected about a Consumer, please submit a request through this website by clicking here
; to submit a request via telephone, please call 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests more than two times in a 12-month period.
Each request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to a Consumer’s request. We will communicate to you through your email address.
After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.
Selling Personal Information. We do not sell personal information and have not sold any personal information about Consumers during the preceding 12 months. We do not and will not sell personal information.
Consumers with Disabilities. Consumers with disabilities may access this policy in an alternative format by calling 800-901-7977.
Authorized Agent. A Consumer can use an authorized agent to submit a request if the verification of the Consumer is confirmed and written permission is submitted to us expressly stating that the authorized agent has the authority to submit data requests on behalf of the Consumer. This can be accomplished by submitting a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
Circumstances in Which We Are Not Required to Comply.The obligations imposed on us by the California Consumer Privacy Act shall not restrict our ability to: (1) comply with federal, state, or local laws, (2) comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities, (3) cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law; (4) exercise or defend legal claims, (5) collect, use, retain, sell, or disclose Consumer information that is deidentified or in the aggregate Consumer information, or (6) collect or sell a Consumer’s personal information if every aspect of that commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of California.
Contacting Us
You can access a printable version of this Notice by clicking here. Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this information.
California Notice At Collection
Categories
of Personal Information to Be Collected
Business
or Commercial Purpose(s) for Which It Will Be Used
Identifiers Such As a Real Name, Alias,
Postal Address, Unique Personal Number, Online Identifier, Internet Protocol
Address, Email Address, Account Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s
License number, Passport Number, or Other Similar Identifiers
Audit Trail Logging; Communicate About
Products, Services, Offers, Promotions, News, Upcoming Events, And Other
Information; Complete Visitor Logs; Conduct Email Campaigns; Coordinate
International Shipments; Correspond with Business Partners; Create and
Manage Accounts; Create and Send Invoices; Create and Send Purchase
Confirmations; Deliver and Enhance Emails, Websites, or Other Online
Communication; Deposit Checks; Determine Demographic and/or Residential
Information; Determine Purchase History; Engage With a Consumer via Social
Media; Engrave Names on Products; Identify Operational Events; Inform,
Optimize, and Serve Advertisements; Investigate and Prevent Fraudulent
Transactions and Other Illegal Activities; Mail Information; Monitor and
Analyze Trends, Usage And Activities; Obtain Conveyor System Data for Daily
Operations; Obtain Marketing Information; Personalize Consumers’ Experiences;
Process and Complete Transactions; Process and Deliver Contest or
Sweepstakes Entries and Prizes; Process Federal and State Income Tax
Credits; Process Federal and State Returns/Reports; Process Requests to Sign
Up for Email Alerts; Process Tax Exempt Information; Process Unclaimed
Property Information; Provide and Deliver Products and Services; Provide
Receipts; Provide, Maintain, and Improve the Service of our Overall Business;
Receive Feedback From our App; Respond to a Consumer’s Comments And
Questions; Provide Customer Service; Respond to Credit/Debit Card Disputes;
Retrieve/Exchange Card Information; Review/Process/Defend Claims; Safeguard
Against Bad Checks; Send a Consumer Certain Information, Including Purchase
Confirmations, Invoices, Updates, Security Alerts, Recall Notices and
Support and Administrative Messages; Send Daily Reports; Complete Applicant
Logs; Assign Work to Employees; Complete Direct Deposit Forms; Complete
Government Forms; Conduct Background Checks; Conduct Drug Tests; Correspond
With Business Partners; Create/Maintain Employee Files; Deposit Checks; Verify
Employment Status; Initiate and Maintain Benefits for Employee; Initiate
Direct Deposit; Maintain Information with Government Entities; Make Payment
for Products or Services; Process Employment; Process Payroll; Provide
Training to Employees; Reimburse Expenses; Review and Approve Policy; Review/Perform
Services Related to Human Resources and/or Leave; Complete Temporary
Employee Logs
Other Information that Identifies, Relates
To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular
Individual (Personal Information Described in Subdivision (e) of Section
1798.80 of the California Civil Code other than Those Already Described in
this Notice at Collection)
Communicate About Products, Services, Offers,
Promotions, News, Upcoming Events, or Other Information; Conduct Credit
Checks; Create and Manage Accounts; Create and Send Invoices; Create and
Send Purchase Confirmations; Investigate and Prevent Fraudulent Transactions
and Other Illegal Activities; Monitor and Analyze Trends, Usage, And
Activities; Process and Complete Transactions; Process Federal and State
Income Tax Credits; Process Federal and State Returns/Reports; Process Tax
Exempt Information; Provide and Deliver Products and Services; Respond to a
Consumer’s Comments and Questions; Provide Customer Service;
Review/Process/Defend Claims; Safeguard Against Bad Checks; Send a Consumer
Certain Information, Including Purchase Confirmations, Invoices, Updates, Security
Alerts, Recall Notices, and Support and Administrative Messages;  Conduct
Background Checks; Create/Maintain Employee Files; Emergency Contact
Information; Initiate and Maintain Benefits for Employees; Maintain
Information with Government Entities; Provide Training to Employees;
Reimburse Expenses; Review and Approve Policy; Review/Perform Services
Related To Human Resources and/or Leave
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
under California or Federal Law
Conduct Credit Checks; Deliver and Enhance
Emails, Websites, or Other Online Communication; Investigate and Prevent
Fraudulent Transactions and Other Illegal Activities; Monitor and Analyze
Trends, Usage, and Activities; Obtain Marketing Information; Personalize
Consumers’ Experiences; Process Federal and State Income Tax Credits;
Process Federal and State Returns/Reports; Process Tax Exempt Information;
Review/Process/Defend Claims; Safeguard Against Bad Checks; Complete
Government Forms; Conduct Background Checks; Conduct Drug Tests;
Create/Maintain Employee Files; Verify Employment Status; Initiate and
Maintain Benefits for Employees; Maintain Medical Files; Process
Certifications for Licenses; Provide Emergency Contact Information; Qualify
Employees for Licensure by Government Entities; Review/Perform Services
Related to Human Resources and/or Leave
Commercial Information, Including Records of
Personal Property, Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered,
or Other Purchasing or Consuming Histories or Tendencies
Audit Trail Logging; Communicate About
Products, Services, Offers, Promotions, News, Upcoming Events, or Other
Information; Conduct Email Campaigns; Create and Send Invoices to Consumers;
Create and Send Purchase Confirmations to Consumers; Deliver and Enhance
Emails, Websites, or Other Online Communication; Deliver and Enhance Mobile
Websites and Applications; Determine Purchase History; Inform, Optimize, and
Serve Ads; Investigate and Prevent Fraudulent Transactions and Other Illegal
Activities; Monitor and Analyze Trends, Usage, and Activities; Obtain
Marketing Information; Personalize Consumers' Experiences; Personalize
Websites; Process and Complete Transactions; Respond to a Consumer’s Comments
or Questions; Provide Customer Service; Provide, Maintain, or Improve
Service for Consumers; Respond to Credit/Debit Card Disputes; Ship
Product(S) to Consumers;  Initiate and Maintain Benefits for
Employees; Reimburse Expenses to Employees; Review/Perform Services Related
to Human Resources and/or Leave
Biometric Information
None
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Information, Including, But Not Limited To, Browsing History, Search
History, and Information Regarding a Consumer’s Interaction with an Internet
Website, Application, or Advertisement
Audit Trail Logging; Communicate About
Products, Services, Offers, Promotions, News, Upcoming Events, or Other
Information; Conduct Email Campaigns; Create and Send Purchase
Confirmations; Deliver and Enhance Emails, Websites, or Other Online Communication;
Determine Demographic and/or Residential Information; Determine Purchase
History; Monitor and Analyze Trends, Usage, and Activities; Obtain Marketing
Information; Personalize Consumers’ Experiences; Provide, Maintain, and
Improve the Service or our Overall Business; Receive Feedback from our App;
Send a Consumer Certain Information, Including Purchase Confirmations,
Invoices, Updates, Security Alerts, Recall Notices and Support and
Administrative Messages; Process Employment; Qualify Employees for Licensure
by Government Entities; Initiate and Maintain Benefits for Employees