http://www.cdic.ca/about-us/reports-and-disclosure/disclosure/privacy-and-access-to-information/website-privacy-notice/
Skip to content
This Website Privacy Notice applies to the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (“CDIC”) website located at www.cdic.ca. CDIC is committed to providing a website that respects the privacy of visitors.
CDIC is a federal Crown corporation and is required to abide by the Privacy Act (the “Act”). This Website Privacy Notice applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information through the CDIC website. Generally, visitors will be informed of the purpose for which their personal information is being collected and how to exercise their right of access to that information. Users will be asked for their consent where appropriate.
Personal information
Personal information is information that makes it possible to identify a user, such as a name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number, information contained in a resume and personal opinions.
CDIC may collect, use and disclose personal information under the authority of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act and, in the case of website security, pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act. CDIC protects personal information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
CDIC does not contact individuals to request their personal information. CDIC also will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. Providing personal information to CDIC is voluntary.
In accordance with the Privacy Act, visitors have the right to request access to any personal information CDIC may have about them, and the right to request corrections.
Through the federal government publication InfoSource, CDIC publishes personal information banks (“PIBs”) which list all the types of personal information collected by CDIC. Please refer to our PIB list for more information.
IP Addresses
CDIC employs software programs that monitor network traffic and detect unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the CDIC website. These programs record the IP addresses of computers that visit the CDIC website. They also record the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, and the browsers and operating systems used by visitors. We do not attempt to link this information to the identities of individual users.
IP addresses of visitors may, on occasion, and on an anonymous basis be used by CDIC to produce statistical reports to allow us to evaluate the geographical origin of visitors to the CDIC website.
Visitor IP addresses are also recorded by the Google Analytics software installed on the CDIC website.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the CDIC website, such as third-party websites such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the web server of the third-party service provider.
Cookies
Cookies are used to track how our visitors use the CDIC website, including to determine sites previously visited. A cookie is a file that may be placed on your hard drive without your knowledge by a website to monitor your use of the site. The cookies we use do not allow us to identify individuals. They are compiled into statistical information on traffic patterns and are used to assess and improve the efficiency of the site.
CDIC uses two types of cookies:
Session cookies – These are used as an integral part of the identification process for some of our online applications. This is for security purposes to determine that you are who you say you are and to provide you with your confidential account information during an online session. No personal information is kept in session cookies and they are stored only in your browser’s temporary (cache) memory. When you log out of your session, the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser.Persistent cookies – These are more permanent and can be re-read when you return to the site that placed them on your computer. The information in them is written onto your hard drive and remains there until the expiry date of the cookie. They are used to identify and provide personalized features (for example, to help us remember which official language you prefer) and for tracking traffic patterns to and from our site. For more information on the tracking we use, refer to the Google Analytics section.
Most web browsers allow you to delete cookies from your computer’s hard disk, to prevent cookies from being recorded on your hard drive, or to receive a warning before they are recorded. If the site visitor deletes or disables cookie files or prevents them from being recorded, their use of or ability to access certain functionalities of CDIC’s website may be affected.
CDIC cookies are not used to identify you personally, or to track your behavior on other sites.
Google Analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used for the purpose of web analytics to remember your online interactions with the CDIC website.
When your computer requests the CDIC website, we collect the following types of information for Web analytics:
the originating IP addressthe date and time of the requestthe type of browser usedthe page(s) visited
CDIC uses Google Analytics and the information collected is disclosed to Google Inc., an external third-party service provider. Your IP address is anonymized prior to being stored on the service provider’s servers in order to help safeguard your privacy. The information collected is de-personalized by irrevocable truncation of the last octet of the IP address.
Data collected for web analytic purposes may go outside of Canada and may be subject to the governing legislation of that country, including but not limited to the USA Patriot Act.
Information used for the purpose of web analytics is collected pursuant to the CDIC Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting.
For further information about Google Analytics, please refer to Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. Disabling Google Analytics or JavaScript will still permit you to access comparable information or services from our website. You will still be able to access CDIC’s website if you disable your session cookie option, but you might have difficulties accessing certain functionalities of the CDIC website.
Protecting the security of the CDIC’s website
CDIC employs software programs (i.e., web application firewall) to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted the CDIC website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. CDIC makes no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for network security related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting.
Linking to third-party websites
Users who choose to click on links to websites not under the control of CDIC (including, but not limited to our social media accounts) should read the terms of service/use and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications visitors use to access them. CDIC uses Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube.
Personal information that you provide to CDIC via social media account(s) is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, “likes,” retweets) between you and CDIC.
Changes
CDIC may at any time without notice change this Website Privacy Note. The visitor’s continued use of the CDIC website following the posting of changes to this Website Privacy Notice will mean that they accept and agree to the changes. The date of the last update or change to this Website Privacy Notice is noted at the bottom of this page.
Questions and Feedback
CDIC welcomes questions and feedback. Contact us by mail, telephone or email.
Mail: Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation50 O’Connor Street, 17th floorOttawa, OntarioK1P 6L2Telephone: 1-800-461-2342TTY service: 613-943-6456Email: info@cdic.ca
If the visitor chooses to send CDIC an email, their personal information will be used by CDIC in order to respond to their inquiry. CDIC does not use the information to create individual profiles, nor does it disclose the information to anyone outside of CDIC.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with CDIC are not secure. Therefore, it is recommended that users do not send sensitive personal information, such as Social Insurance Numbers or dates of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Last updated: August 7, 2019
About CDICOur history
History of failures
Evolution of CDIC
Organizational Structure
Our management team
Business conduct
Board of Directors
Biographies
Robert Sanderson
Linda Caty
David Dominy
Wendy Millar
Andrew Kriegler
Tiff Macklem
J. Martin Castonguay
Paul Beaudry
Paul Rochon
Leah Anderson
Jeremy Rudin
Jamey Hubbs
Judith Robertson
Board Charter
Board nominations and terms
Advisory Panel
Board Committees
Audit Committee Charter
Risk Committee Charter
Governance and Human Resources Committee Charter
Our Partners
Financial safety net
Oversight of Canada’s Financial System
Provincial Deposit Insurers
International Cooperation
Reports and Disclosure
Corporate Reporting
Annual Report 2020
Corporate Reporting Previously Published
Disclosure
Travel and hospitality expenses
Previously published travel and hospitality expenses
Dean Cosman – Travel
Dean Cosman – Hospitality
Michael Mercer – Travel
Michael Mercer – Hospitality
Anthony Carty – Travel
Anthony Carty – Hospitality
Chantal Richer – Travel
Chantal Richer – Hospitality
Karen Badgerow – Travel
Karen Badgerow – Hospitality
Michèle Bourque – Travel
Michèle Bourque – Hospitality
Claudia Morrow – Travel
Claudia Morrow – Hospitality
Tom Vice – Travel
Tom Vice – Hospitality
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2019-2020
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2018-2019
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2017-2018
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2016-2017
Access to Information Act Annual Report 2019-2020
Privacy Act Annual Report 2019-2020
Special examination report – 2020
InfoSource
Privacy & Access to information
How to make a request
Principles for assisting applicants
Completed Access to Information requests
Privacy Impact Assessments
Personal Information Banks Registered by CDIC
Employment Application Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Website Privacy Notice
Social media
Social media terms of use
Back to top
We use cookies to improve functionality and performance. By clicking "OK" or by continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more, visit the cookies section of our privacy policy.
OK