https://www.faulknerlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Let our family Help yours
Get your free consultation
Privacy Policy
Faulkner Law Offices is committed to ensuring the privacy and confidentiality of information pertaining to its clients and potential clients. Reference in this policy to “your personal data” means any information that identifies, or could reasonably be used to identify, you as one of the aforementioned persons.
Website Privacy Policy
Links to Other Sites
This Site contains links to other web sites. When you enter these other sites using links from this Site, you are entering a site for which Faulkner Law Offices has no responsibility. Faulkner Law Offices does not control these other sites and cannot guarantee their practices regarding data privacy and security. Faulkner Law Offices is not responsible for the content of any such sites, makes no representations regarding any such sites, and does not necessarily endorse or approve of the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through any such sites. You acknowledge and agree that your linking to other sites, your use of such sites, and your use of any information, material, products and services offered by such sites, are solely at your own risk.
Nature of Information and Materials
Although this Site may provide information concerning legal issues, such information is not intended to constitute or be a substitute for legal advice from qualified counsel. You agree that Faulkner Law Offices is not engaged in rendering legal services or advice by providing the information and materials on this Site, and that your use of the Site does not create any attorney-client relationship between you and Faulkner Law Offices. Faulkner Law Offices assumes no responsibility for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction you take based on the information or material on this Site. While Faulkner Law Offices takes reasonable measures to keep the information on this Site accurate, complete and up-to-date, Faulkner Law Offices will not be responsible for any damage or loss related to the inaccuracy, incompleteness or lack of timeliness of the information.
Disclaimer
The materials provided on this site are provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, express or implied. Faulkner Law Offices disclaims all express and implied warranties with regard to the information and materials contained on this site, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Faulkner Law Offices, or its partners or affiliates, or contributors to this Site, be liable for any loss or injury, or any damages, whether direct, special, indirect, punitive, incidental, exemplary, consequential, or otherwise, whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, resulting from your access or use of this Site. You hereby waive any and all such claims against Faulkner Law Offices, its partners, affiliates, and contributors. You agree that the limitations set forth above are fundamental elements of this agreement, and that the site and its materials would not be provided to you absent such limitations. Some state statutes may restrict this limitation of liability.
Indemnification
You agree that you will not use this Site for any unlawful purpose, or for any purpose prohibited by these Terms of Use. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Faulkner Law Offices, its partners, affiliates and contributors from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including attorneys’ reasonable fees) related to (i) your violation of these Terms of Use, and/or (ii) your posting or use of materials on this Site.
Governing Law and Forum
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Any dispute between you and Faulkner Law Offices regarding the content or use of the Site shall be resolved by arbitration under the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association, with hearings held in the English language in Bakersfield, California, USA, and shall not be joined with any dispute that any other person or entity may have with Faulkner Law Offices.
None of the attorneys listed in this website is certified as an “expert” or “specialist” pursuant to any authority governing the practice of law in any jurisdiction in the U.S.
Non-Waiver
Faulkner Law Offices’s failure to insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
1. Acquisition of Personal Information
The Firm acquires personal information in a lawful and proper manner.
2. Purposes of Use of Personal Information
The Firm will use personal information for the following purposes, and will not use personal information for any other purpose without the consent of the individual concerned:
(1) to provide legal services and contact individuals in relation to these services;
(2) to provide information relating to the legal services provided by the Firm;
(3) to send greetings, information on presentations and seminars, newsletters, or other notifications relating to the Firm;
(4) to respond to queries;
3. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
The Firm will not provide personal information to third parties without the consent of the individuals concerned, except where laws or regulations require otherwise.
4. Disclosure, Correction and Cessation of Use of Personal Information
The Firm will respond in good faith to any request to disclose, correct, add to, delete, or cease use of personal information, or to disclose the purpose for which said information is used, after first confirming that the request was indeed made by the individual concerned. Please contact the number stated below for more information.
5. Inquiries
Comments, questions, complaints and requests for disclosure relating to the Firm’s handling of personal information should be directed to the following member of our staff:
Matthew J. Faulkner
Faulkner Law Offices
Phone: (661) 327-0601
Practice AreaCatastrophic/Serious Injuries
Amputations
Birth Injuries
Burn Injuries
Catastrophic Injuries
Defective Products
Medical Malpractice
Spine Injuries
Traumatic Brain Injuries
Wrongful Death
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Auto Defect Accidents
Car Accidents
Bus Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
SUV Rollovers
Truck Accidents
Uninsured Motorists Claims
Premises Liability
Premises Liability Overview
Dog Bites
Slip and Fall Accidents
Work-Related Injuries
Construction Accidents
Oilfield Accidents
Workers’ Compensation
Workplace Accidents