http://www.pesticidewatch.org/page/pw/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
About Us
Our Issues
How We Can Help
Contact Us
Get Information
Education Fund
Pesticide Watch's web site is intended to serve as a tool to inform users about critical environmental issues. In the course of providing this online service, you may be asked for your name, address, e-mail address and other information. Our policy regarding the privacy of your personal information is as follows:
Personal Information
As part of some interactions on this site you may be asked for your name, address, e-mail address and other contact information. The information we collect is intended to help us improve
the content of our site, to provide you with accurate information about your elected officials and the interactions you take part in, and to provide decision-makers with necessary information about who is speaking out on a particular issue.
We will in no case share or sell your personal information—including but not limited to your name, address or e-mail address—with other organizations.
If you join or donate to Pesticide Watch online, you will receive our regular membership communications.
You can, at any time, ask to no longer receive these communications by following the directions included in the communication.
Browser Information
Our web server may place cookies on your machine containing information you have given us (for example, your state or zip code). These cookies are designed to allow us to
provide you a more focused user-experience (for example, allow us to display information based on your state or zip code). These cookies are nonessential to the working of the site, and you may block them from being placed on your machine without any loss of site functionality.
Our web server also collects anonymous information that we use to help diagnose problems with our server and to track web traffic on our site.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, our contact information is:
Pesticide Watch
1107 9th Street
Suite 601
Sacramento, CA 95814
(916) 551-1883
DONATE TO
PESTICIDE WATCH
Take Action
Events
Services
Report a Problem
Ask For Help
1111 H Street, Suite 207, Sacramento, CA 95814
Member questions or requests: 1-800-401-6511Privacy Policy