https://www.nellies.org/privacy-statement/
ESCAPE
A Decrease font size.
A Reset font size.
A Increase font size.
Latest News
About
Mission Statement
Herstory
Board of Directors
Funding
Strategic Plan
Essential Service Declaration
Social Justice
Social Justice Committee
Initiatives We Support
International Women’s Day
Woman Abuse Awareness Month
Position Papers
Position Paper on Women and Criminalization
Contact
Need Help Fast?
Hide Your Tracks
PROGRAMS & SERVICES
Who Comes to Nellie’s
Shelter Program
Housing Support
Outreach Program
Children & Youth Program
Peer Support
RESOURCES
In the Media
Newsletters
Annual Reports
Helpful Websites
Feminist Twitter Guide
YPI Students
Brochures & Reports
GET INVOLVED
Nellie’s Board of Directors
Student Placement 2020-2021
Volunteers
Become a Member
We’re Hiring a Program Director
We’re Hiring a Development Officer (Full-Time)
Calendar
WAYS TO GIVE
Donate
Gift-In-Kind
Host An Event
Legacy Giving
Nellie’s Privacy Statement
Our Commitment
Nellie’s respects and considers the protection of your privacy paramount. The following Statement explains the current information management practices on our websites.
We are committed to protecting your privacy whether you are browsing for information or conducting business online through our website. The handling of all personal information by Nellie’s is governed by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
When you visit our website, we will not collect your personal information unless you choose to use and receive information or for online giving that requires it. For financial transactions involving, donations, our system uses up-to-date security protocols through CanadaHelps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of all information and systems.
Cookies/Tracking Technology
Nellie’s website uses cookies. Cookies are generally used to make it more convenient for users to move around our websites. If you choose, they may be used to ‘remember’ your password and make it easier and faster to log-in to certain sites. These types of cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technologies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
What information we collect
Nellie’s collects and uses personal information from donors including: name, amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments and e-mail addresses. The Canada Revenue Agency requires Nellie’s to keep detailed contact information and contribution levels of donors on file.
Donor’s Bill of Rights
Please refer to the Donor Bill of Rights and the Principles of the E Donor Bill of Rights in this website for details on your rights as a donor.
How we use this information
Nellie’s will not publish, sell, trade, rent or share names or contact information of donors (unless released for publication). Nellie’s will use contact information (e-mail, telephone number and address) of donors for these following specific purposes only:
• To distribute receipts for donations
• To request updated contact or giving information
• To thank donors for their gifts
• Inform donors about upcoming campaigns and activities
• Internal analysis and record keeping
• Reporting to relevant government agencies (not for public inspection)
• Contact donors about changes to this policy
Unless a donor explicitly chooses to remain anonymous, we will publicly recognize their donation. In all other cases staff and volunteers to assume all donations are to be publicly acknowledged unless the donor explicitly indicates otherwise. Comments given in donor forms may be used in promotional materials while comments sent to us via email, fax or telephone are kept strictly confidential.
Distribution of Information
Nellie’s does not sell, license or rent your personal information to any third parties. From time to time, for cost-efficiency, Nellie’s may trade its donor list with other like-minded organizations for the purpose of fundraising.
If you choose not to have your information traded, at any time you can request Nellie’s to remove your personal information from our records by contacting: community@nellies.org or in writing to Nellie’s, 970 Queen St E PO Box 98118, Toronto, ON M4M 1J0.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud or criminal activity which has taken place. The information is not provided to these parties for marketing purposes.
Financial information
All access to donor financial information is strictly limited to professional staff who process those data. Nellie’s offers donors the option to make their donation online through Raisin Online Giving processing which independently maintains the highest level of security.
Nellie’s does not store, nor do we have access to, your credit card information, financial institution account numbers, or other data relating to your finances submitted through Raisin Online Giving.
Contact us:
If you have questions about Nellie’s Privacy Policy or if you wish to be removed from our e-mail / mail contact lists, please email us at community@nellies.org or in writing to:
Nellie’s PO Box 98118, 970 Queen St E Toronto ON M4M 1J0
Inquiries and donations may also be sent directly to Nellie’s at the address above, or by calling 416-461-8903 or fax at 416-461-0970.
You Have a Choice
If you choose not to use the Internet to provide personal information, you can contact us by telephone, fax, mail, or in person at the above.
Nellie’s reserves the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Search for:
DONATE!
Help Nellie's grow & help others
CRISIS LINE 416.461.1084
NELLIE'S MARKETPLACE
STAY CONNECTEDSign up for latest news
NELLIE'S CALENDAR
2020 Dec 25 Christmas Day2020 Dec 26 Boxing Day more events >
Latest tweets
Watch this video about the women at Nellie’s Shelter
WHAT'S INSIDE THIS SITE
PROGRAMS & SERVICESWho Comes to Nellie’s
Shelter Program
Housing Support
Outreach Program
Children & Youth Program
Peer Support
RESOURCESIn the Media
Newsletters
Annual Reports
Helpful Websites
Feminist Twitter Guide
Brochures & Reports
YPI Students
GET INVOLVEDNellie’s Board of Directors
Student Placement 2020-2021
Volunteers
Become a Member
We’re Hiring a Program Director
We’re Hiring a Development Officer (Full-Time)
Calendar
ABOUTMission Statement
Herstory
Board of Directors
Funding
Strategic Plan
Essential Service Declaration
SOCIAL JUSTICESocial Justice Committee
Initiatives We Support
International Women’s Day
Woman Abuse Awareness Month
Position Papers
CONTACT
PLEASE NOTE:
Nellie's is aFragrance FreeEnvironment
Nellie's 2020 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Statement
Log in