https://www.peoplewhocare.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
The Community Foundation of Lorain County is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information entrusted to us by current donors, potential donors and by the officers and staff of nonprofit agencies who approach us for funding, and the people that they serve.
Like all organizations with a web presence, the Community Foundation of Lorain County receives standard tracking data when you visit our site. Information from your browser, including your IP address, pages visited, the length of time you spend on our site and files you download is recorded in our website server logs.  We use and analyze this data to develop site content and continue to provide you with a positive experience when you visit our website.  However, no personal information is collected during the tracking process.
Online giving transactions are processed on a secure server. We have put into effect appropriate procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  Once you provide us with personal, professional or financial information, that data remains confidential.
We will not sell, rent, loan or otherwise share any personally identifying information you provide with any individual or organization. While we strive to protect the personal information of our users, the Community Foundation of Lorain County will release personal information if required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate.
In accordance with federal law and the guidelines set up by the Federal Trade Commission regarding youth privacy, the Community Foundation of Lorain County will not knowingly collect any personal information from young people under the age of 13.
Electronic Newsletter
We may share information with service providers solely for the purpose of producing and disseminating foundation information to our constituents. You may remove yourself from our mailing list at any time. If you are receiving the foundation’s electronic newsletter by mistake, or have any problems whatsoever unsubscribing, please contact us and we will take the necessary steps to remedy the situation.
Links to Other Sites
As a community service, the Community Foundation of Lorain County provides links to websites of various nonprofits and nonprofit resources. Unless we expressly state otherwise, the Community Foundation of Lorain County makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. A link to a website from PeopleWhoCare.org is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners or providers. This privacy policy applies solely to the information collected by this site.
Copyright Statement
Copyright in the text materials contained in this website is owned by the Community Foundation of Lorain County. These text materials may be used, downloaded, reproduced or reprinted, provided that this copyright notice appears on all copies and provided that such use, download, reproduction or reprint is for noncommercial or personal use only. The text materials contained on the website may not be modified in any way.
Copyright in the photographs, illustrations, artworks and other graphic materials are reserved to the Community Foundation of Lorain County and/or the copyright owners (licensors). Prior permission to use, download, reproduce or reprint any photograph, illustration, artwork or other graphic material must be obtained by the copyright owner, regardless of intended use.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
Because of the number of possible sources of information available through this website, and the inherent hazards and uncertainties of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions and inaccuracies in such information. The Community Foundation of Lorain County cannot and does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currentness, noninfringement or fitness for a particular purpose of the information available through this website, nor do we guarantee that this website will be error-free and continuously available.
Links to Other Sites
You may establish a hypertext link to this site from your website, so long as the page containing the link properly attributes the linked site to the Community Foundation of Lorain County and does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by the Community Foundation of Lorain County. We may revoke this permission at any time. Without prior written consent of the Community Foundation of Lorain County, you may not create a link to this site that incorporates or relies upon, in whole or in part, any content from any page on this website, or that incorporates any copyrighted or otherwise intellectual property of the Community Foundation of Lorain County.
Privacy Policy Changes
The Community Foundation of Lorain County may amend this privacy policy from time to time. Such changes will be publicly posted in this area of our website.  If you have any questions or concerns about the Community Foundation of Lorain County’s privacy policy, please contact us.
Search
Search