https://www.nfid.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
Tweet
Share
Email
Print
The National Foundation for Infectious Diseases (NFID) treats the issue of privacy seriously. We do not sell, distribute, barter, or transfer email addresses or any other individually identifiable user information to third parties. Any information collected on this website is used only for the purposes stated. This Privacy Policy applies to the NFID website and governs data collection and usage. By using the NFID website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
NFID sends email communications only to individuals who ask to be added to email lists, request information, or who engage in a transaction with NFID such as event registrations or charitable donations. All NFID broadcast emails include an unsubscribe link through which individuals can opt out of receiving future NFID emails. NFID acts promptly on all opt-out requests.
Except for order pages that use a third-party cart and certain survey pages, this site does not use “cookie” technology, including the recording of visitor information on your computer system for automatic retrieval when you subsequently visit our website. The web host routinely collects and stores information provided by your web browser such as the pages visited on our site, the date and time of the visit, the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the IP address or your connection to the Internet, the version of browser used, and the capabilities of the browser. NFID makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information. NFID has taken steps to make information received from online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by security measures that are periodically reviewed.
This site contains many links to other websites not under the control of NFID and NFID accepts no responsibility for the privacy practices or failures of those websites. NFID may update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions and you agree that it is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of your access to this website. Any questions or comments about this policy or our website should be directed to NFID via the information listed on the bottom of this page.
Donate Online
Join the fight against infectious diseases
Donate
Learn More
Recent Blog
How Drive-Thru Vaccinations Can Help #StopTheSpread
View All