http://www.unglobalcompact.org/privacy-policy/cookies_notice
Last update: May 2018Thank you for visiting the website of the United Nations Global Compact (“UNGC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Your privacy is valued and respected by UNGC. Like most organizations, we employ “cookies” or similar technologies. This cookie notice tells you about the use of Cookies and similar technologies on our websites (the "Sites").When you first access our Sites from certain jurisdictions, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “accept cookies”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Sites, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this cookie notice.You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see Section 3) 3, How to Control Cookies, below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our Sites that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly.1) What are cookies?Cookies are small files containing a string of characters which we may store on your computer or mobile device when you visit one of our Sites. When you visit the Site again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, UNGC) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the Sites (i.e. advertising, social media functions and analytics).2) The Cookies We UseCookies make the use of our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of our Sites to Personal Information that you previously submitted.The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of our Sites, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.The specific types of first party and third party cookies placed by our Sites and the purposes they perform are described below:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites or make use of e-billing services.
Performance and Functionality Cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), but are non-essential to the performance of the Sites.
Analytical or Customization Cookies. These cookies collect information about how users access and move through the Sites. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Sites work, or to personalize our Sites to your interests.
Social Media Cookies. These cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into our Sites.3) How to Control CookiesWhen you first access our Sites, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “accept cookies”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Sites, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this cookie notice.You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time, although you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites. You can do this by activating the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies.Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:• Microsoft Internet Explorer• Google Chrome • Mozilla Firefox • Apple SafariIn addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:• http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, • http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; or • http://youronlinechoices.com/.4) Web BeaconsAs well as cookies, we use other technologies to recognize and track visitors to our Sites. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-mail, typically in conjunction with a cookie.Web beacons allow us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within our websites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether users have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how content has been viewed and to improve Site performance.5) Changes to this privacy noticeWe reserve the right to update or modify this cookie notice from time to time, with any such changes to be effective prospectively. Please visit this web page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such changes. Your continued use of any of our Sites after any modification to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such modification.6) Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this cookie notice, please contact us via email at: info@unglobalcompact.org.
News
Events
Academy
2020-12-09
New York, NY, United States of America
Corporate leaders commit to ramping up climate action in the lead-up to the Climate Ambition Summit and COP26 — but the race to zero has only just begun
2020-12-04
New York, NY, United States of America
MEDIA ADVISORY: UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed will address Female Business, Government and Civil Society leaders at virtual conference on women entrepreneurship
2020-12-03
New York, NY, United States of America
MEDIA ADVISORY: High-level Caring for Climate meeting aims to ramp up ambition in race to net zero emissions
2020-12-03
New York, NY, United States of America
African business leaders call for sustainable response to the COVID-19 pandemic at UN Global Compact event
2020-11-25
New York, NY, United States of America
Statement from Sanda Ojiambo, CEO & Executive Director, UN Global Compact, on the death of João Alberto Silveira Freitas
2020-11-17
New York, NY, United States of America
Media Advisory: UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed to address African Business, Government and Civil Society leaders at virtual SDG summit
2020-11-17
New York, NY, United States of America
Call for G20 Leadership on fair and just recovery ahead of 21-22 November Summit
2020-11-16
Geneva, Switzerland
UN Global Compact announces support for mandatory human rights due diligence
2020-11-12
New York, United States of America
UN Global Compact convenes business leaders at
Water Day of the Race to Zero Dialogues
15-Dec-2020
Uniting Business in a Decade of Action - Key Findings from 20th Anniversary Progress Report (in Chinese)
15-Jun-2021
UN Global Compact Leaders Summit: 2021
17-Jun-2021
New York, NY - Capitale (130 Bowery Street) and the UN Headquarters
2020 PRME Global Forum