http://www.gilc.org/privacy/coe-letter-1200.html
GLOBAL
INTERNET
LIBERTY
CAMPAIGN
NEWS
GILC
Actions
Presswire
ISSUES
Free
Speech
Privacy
Cryptography
Access
RESOURCES
GILC
Alert
Mailing
List
GILC
Events
ABOUT
GILC
Principles
Members
Mail
GILC
Home
Page
US
Site
European
Mirror
Global Internet Liberty Campaign Member Letter on
Council of Europe Convention on Cyber-Crime Version
24.2
[en
francais] [auf
deutsch] [en
espanol]
December 12, 2000
Dear Council of Europe Secretary General Walter
Schwimmer and COE Committee of Experts on Cyber
Crime,
On October 18, 2000 we wrote a letter on behalf of a
wide range of civil society organizations to indicate our
opposition to the proposed Convention on Cyber-Crime. In
that letter we raised our opposition to issues
surrounding criminalisation of tools, the issue of
liability, sanctions on copyright, enhancing mutual legal
assistance, and increased investigative powers. We argued
that version 22 of the convention represented the
interests of law enforcement, and lacked accountability.
As a result, its lack of consideration towards civil
liberties was appalling.
To our dismay and alarm, the convention continues to
be a document that threatens the rights of the individual
while extending the powers of police authorities, creates
a low-barrier protection of rights uniformly across
borders, and ignores highly-regarded data protection
principles.
Although some changes have been made in version 24-2,
we remain dissatisfied with the substance of the
convention. The convention subcommittee did give our
previous letter attention, but we maintain that
protections of individual rights have not been attended
to adequately. We question the validity of the process
that still endures a closed environment and secrecy. As a
result, we are following up with this subsequent letter
to reiterate our past concerns, address some of the
changes, and shed more light on a subset of these
concerns.
Exceptions indicate a larger problem
One thematic shift in the convention is the increased
number of exceptions and caveats in the current draft.
While, these exceptions are still quite weak, it appears
as though there is rising concern within the CoE
as to the powers granted within the convention.
The effect of the deletion of Article 37.2 (from
version 22), that once limited the amount of
flexibility signatory states are allowed to exercise,
appears as though there is an arising opposition among
the drafters and plenary member states over this
issue.
In Section 2 on Investigative Techniques, article
14.2 was added to assure "adequate protection of human
rights and, where applicable, the proportionality of
the measures to the nature and circumstances of the
offence." While the CoE considered allowing signatory
states to restrict the situations for using the new
investigatory powers, even from using them in the
crimes established in the convention, this was not
included in version 24-2. The convention still
promotes use of invasive techniques for any crime,
except the use of interception, which according to
21.1 can only be used for "serious offences to be
determined by domestic law". Even this limitation
serves little effect, for the definition of serious
crime is left to domestic law, and some countries in
the CoE have an extremely broad definition of serious
crime for content interception purposes.
An additional exception was appended to Articles
29 and 30, for consistency with a previous article,
that a signatory state may refuse mutual assistance to
pursue an offence only if the state in question
considers the offence to be political. Despite
that this option existed in another article in version
22, and is consistent with previous CoE documents, it
does appear that the CoE is aware of the differences
in regimes and qualitative nature of 'offences' in the
prospective-signatory states. This exception arises
because of the failure to require
dual-criminality.
The addition of sub-article 35(bis).4 states that
a transferring party may require the receiving
party to explain the use made of information that is
shared between states. This after-the-fact reporting
is desirable, but not sufficient. The interests of
proportionality and specificity must also be addressed
in requirements applicable to the initial requests for
assistance, sufficient to allow the requested party to
verify the reason for the investigation by the
requesting party.
When a state makes such 'reservations', article 43
contains new sub-articles to place pressure on these
states to conform to the full powers of the
convention. Subarticle 43.2 claims that signatory
states are expected to withdraw reservations "as soon
as circumstances permit", while subarticle 43.3 allows
the Secretary General to approach these states
periodically to discuss the withdrawal of their
reservations. The CoE appears to assume that human
rights are negotiable, periodically.
Recommendations on Exceptions
We continue to argue that the use of invasive
powers must applied only for serious
crimes.
Proportionality is a concept that must be
defined at the international level, uniformly and
unilaterally agreed or by reference to the
jurisprudence of the European Court of Human
Rights.
The current draft's approach of allowing for
exceptions and reservations by individual countries is
faulty and hazardous to human rights for it fails to
set a mutually agreed upon limit to the privacy
intrusions that will be within the scope of the
treaty.
We urge dual criminality as a pre-requisite to all
forms of mutual assistance, and these crimes must be
stated explicitly.
We also urge the addition of a consistent regime
of civil liberties protections in investigative
powers.
We urge that the provisions of the draft Convention be
consistent with international human rights
instruments:
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, article 12,
article 19;
International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, article 17, and article 19;
European Convention on Human Rights, article 8,
and article 10.
Influencing Development and Distribution
We also note the addition of a preamble statement
regarding the interests in the use and development
of information technologies. We oppose the creation of a
situation where technologies that are proportionate with
regards to authentication are dismissed in favour of
technologies of full traceability. We recommend
that this clause be removed.
Powers for Invasiveness
We continue to oppose powers of interception and
preservation of data without sufficient constraints.
Article 19.4 continues to allow for
self-incrimination by ordering an individual who has
knowledge of the security methods applied to the data
of interest, to provide all necessary information to
enable search and seizure. We remain concerned that
this may be a prompt for government access to
decryption keys and could breach Article 6 of the
European Convention on Human Rights.
Article 20 on access to traffic data fails to
acknowledge the invasive qualities of such data, and
the shifting division between content and traffic
data. Likewise, there is no definition for 'content
data'.
The addition of article 20.2 for real-time
collection and recording of traffic data through
technical means appears to be a prompt to allow for
systems such as Carnivore.
The addition of article 21.2 allows similarly for
"real-time collection and recording of content data
through technical means."
Recommendations on Powers
We urge clear limits to the powers involving
situations where civil liberties are compromised.
Particularly, we expect that invasive techniques are
used only in the case of serious crimes and
allow for clear prevention of self-incrimination and
other inalienable rights, such as privacy and freedom
of expression as outlined in the European Convention
on Human Rights, the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, and the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights.
We view traffic data collection as invasive and
urge sufficient uniform constraint prior to
collection.
We urge a clear definition of 'content data' and
the differentiation with 'traffic data'.
We require limitations on the powers of
interception and data gathering devices so as to
absolutely limit the invasiveness. We recommend that
20.2 and 21.2 are replaced in favour of a protective
article ensuring that if technical means are used,
these means must separate out the traffic of the
specific user under investigation, gather only the
legally permitted amount of data, disallow tampering,
and respect the shifting division between content and
traffic data. If this can not be guaranteed through
independent audit, these techniques must be deemed
illegal (similar to Article 3) and no data access or
sharing can occur.
Interception of communications is an invasive
technique often used against dissidents and human
rights workers around the world. We continue to urge
you not to establish this requirement in a modern
communication network particularly as these networks
are still being developed and shaped.
The CoE has stated publiclya the
difference between retention and preservation of data.
However considering discussion at the G8 and recently
within the UKb, we believe that this
distinction requires explicit protections. We want to
see international respect for data protection as in
the 1981 CoE Convention on Data Protection and the EU
Data Protection Directive 1995, and apply these
instruments to traffic data.
In increasing powers the convention must also
establish a maximum threshold of investigative techniques
that are acceptable; unjudicious access and data
warehousing are gross invasions of civil liberties.
Accession without Rights
It has been stated that the signing of this convention
is intended to eventually include non-member states of
the Council of Europe. It is our hope that any state that
is invited to sign this convention have sufficient
respect for human rights and democratic accountability.
In particular, these invited states are not signatories
to the European Convention on Human Rights and have not
necessarily enacted into national law the principles of
protection of these rights. As a result, we would
consider this invitation to be an attack on the integrity
of the convention. We require at the very least to
see in Article 37 a sufficient requirement and evaluation
to the adequacy of human rights protection prior to
allowing their accession.
Un-due Extraterritoriality
The convention contains numerous extraterritoriality
claims, particularly embodied within two statements.
Article 23 creates supra-national reach for
signatory states. Although there is an exception under
subarticle 23.2, which the US admits that it will have
to pursuec, as we have stated earlier, if
an exception exists, it is often because the measure
is too far-reaching.
Footnote 29, which relates to mutual assistance
under article 27, specifies "that the mere fact that
the requested Party’s legal system knows no such
procedure is not a sufficient ground to refuse to
apply the procedure requested by the requesting
Party." As a result, signatory states can be forced to
act beyond their means.
Recommendations on Extraterritoriality: We find
all indications of extraterritoriality to be gross
invasions on the sovereignty of nations with respect to
the protection of the rights of the individual.
We urge that footnote 29 be withdrawn and the
philosophy supporting it be regarded as
undemocratic.
We require that states must only be permitted to
act in manners for which they have legal,
democratically agreed procedure as in the European
Convention of Human Rights; otherwise this will allow
for the extraterritoriality of extreme powers, such as
the UK Government's contentious access to decryption
keys under the recently enacted RIP Act 2000.
We recommend a clause be included under mutual
assistance that states that when Party A requests
assistance from Party B, Party B may not act using
powers greater than those allowed for under Party A's
jurisdiction, and Party B can only act based on the
rule of law within Party B under due process.
We do not want mutual assistance to appear as
arbitrage between states where negotiations take place to
find increased powers and lowest levels of
protections.
Continuing Opposition
We remain concerned with the original objections
stated in our October 18 2000 letter; please consider
this as a complementary statement of opposition.
We continue to await progress on our previous
requirement for judicial review to invasions of privacy.
The Council of Europe should clarify these provisions as
Section 2 is riddled with access to data without stating
a unilateral minimal-level of review and due process. We
are also concerned that the convention fails to uphold
the privacy rights within the European Convention on
Human Rights, to protect them for the digital age. We
recommend reference to the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights, particularly article 12 that states: "No one
shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his
privacy, family, home or correspondence." As a result of
its lack of regard to human rights, the convention is
currently unsupportable.
The CoE is granting states the terminology and impetus
to act against cyber-crime; we hope the CoE will
take this opportunity to give the signatory states the
terminology and impetus to act in the interests of the
rights of the individual. Therefore we urge that limits
to action be stated explicitly, such as in requiring
judicial review, assuring against self-incrimination,
ensuring data is gathered for specific reasons, using
proportionate means at all occasions, and upholding data
protection principles; to name a few.
We continue to believe this convention development
process violates requirements of transparency and is at
odds with democratic decision making. We only hope that
even at this late stage the CoE may learn and practice
responsiveness to consultation by incorporating and
protecting human rights.
We call on the member-states of the CoE not to sign
the treaty in its current format at this time. We also
call the Committee of Ministers of the CoE to reject the
Convention in its current format in that it does not
provide equal protection to fundamental human rights
while trying to prevent and detect cybercrimes.
We, the undersigned, continue to make our offer to
support the CoE with experts in the area to provide a
better version of the convention, aimed not only at
punishing, but also at preventing computer crimes and
protecting fundamental human rights.
Signed,
American Civil Liberties Union (US)
http://www.aclu.org/
Associazione per la Libertà nella Comunicazione
Elettronica Interattiva (IT)
http://www.alcei.it/
Bits of Freedom (NL)
http://www.bof.nl/
Center for Democracy and Technology (US)
http://www.cdt.org/
Computer Professional for Social Responsibility
(US)
http://www.cpsr.org/
Cyber-Rights & Cyber-Liberties (UK)
http://www.cyber-rights.org/
Digital Freedom Network (US)
http://www.dfn.org
Electronic Frontiers Australia (AU)
http://www.efa.org.au/
Electronic Frontier Foundation (US)
http://www.eff.org/
Electronic Privacy Information Center (US)
http://www.epic.org/
Feminists Against Censorship (UK)
http://fiawol.demon.co.uk/FAC/
FITUG e.V. (DE)
http://www.fitug.de/
IRIS - Imaginons un réseau Internet solidaire
(FR)
http://www.iris.sgdg.org/
Kriptopolis (ES)
http://www.kriptopolis.com/
The Link Centre, Wits University, Johannesburg
(ZA)
http://link.wits.ac.za/
NetAction (US)
http://www.netaction.org/
Netwokers against Surveillance Taskforce (JP)
http://www.jca.apc.org/
Opennet
http://www.opennet.org/
Privacy International (UK)
http://www.privacyinternational.org
Privacy Ukraine (UA)
http://www.ukrnet.net/
quintessenz (AT)
http://www.quintessenz.at/
Verein für Internet Benutzer (AT)
http://www.vibe.at/
[If your organization would like to help stop
the Council of Europe Convention on Cyber-Crime, please
send an email to gilc@gilc.org stating your support for
this statement. Your organization will be added to the
following list.]
Other Signatories
Foundation for Information Policy Research (UK)
http://www.fipr.org/
Footnotes
a. Speech of John Fennel, member of the
drafting committee, at EPING meeting in Brussels,
December 5, 2000.
b. See: A.C.P.O. and A.C.P.O (S), H.M.
Customs & Excise, Security Service, Secret
Intelligence Service, And G.C.H.Q., NCIS
Submission On Communications Data Retention Law,
21st August 2000.
c. US Department of Justice, Frequently
Asked Questions and Answers About the Council of Europe
Convention on Cybercrime (Draft 24REV2) , December 1,
2000. Available at http://www.usdoj.gov/criminal/cybercrime/COEFAQs.htm.
Reference Documents
COE Convention on Cyber-Crime (draft ver 24-2)
http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/EN/projets/cybercrime24.htm
COE Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms
http://www.coe.fr/eng/legaltxt/5e.htm
COE Conventions - Background
http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/EN/cadreintro.htm
Global Internet Liberty Campaign Member Letter on
Council of Europe Convention on Cyber-Crime -- October 18
2000
http://www.gilc.org/privacy/coe-letter-1000.html
Comments of the Center for Democracy and Technology on
the Council of Europe Draft "Convention on Cyber-crime"
(Draft No. 24)
http://www.cdt.org/international/cybercrime/001211cdt.shtml
IAB/IESG Statement on Wassenaar Arrangement
http://www.iab.org/iab/121898.txt
IETF Policy on Wiretapping (RFC 2804)
ftp://ftp.isi.edu/in-notes/rfc2804.txt
IRIS Dossier cybercriminalité
http://www.iris.sgdg.org/actions/cybercrime/
OECD Cryptography Policy Guidelines (1997)
http://www.oecd.org//dsti/sti/it/secur/prod/e-crypto.htm
OECD Guidelines for the Security of Information
Systems (1992) http://www.oecd.org//dsti/sti/it/secur/prod/e_secur.htm
Privacy International Cyber-Crime Page
http://www.privacyinternational.org/issues/cybercrime/
Statement of Concern from Technology Professionals on
Proposed COE Convention on Cyber-Crime
http://www.cerias.purdue.edu/homes/spaf/coe/TREATY_LETTER.html
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html