http://www.fraternalregalia.com/terms.html
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms Of Use carefully before using this site.
By using this site, you signify that you are of legal age to enter into
contracts and that you agree with these Terms
Of Use. If you do not agree with any of the below Terms Of Use,
do not use this site. University Apparel reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms Of Use at any time
and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or
updates.
TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS
AND RESTRICTIONS
This site is controlled and operated by University Apparel,
2501 Mt. Holly Rd. #262, Burlington, NJ 08016
(phone: 609.871.3601). All material on this site, including, but
not limited to images, illustrations, and photographs, is
protected by copyrights which are owned and controlled by
University Apparel or by other parties that have licensed their
material to University Apparel ("Copyrights"). Material
from  fraternalregalia.com, thegreekshop.com, iotawear.com, themaac.com,
elkexpressions.com, or any web site owned, operated, licensed or
controlled by University Apparel ("University Apparel's Web
Sites") may not be copied, reproduced, republished,
uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way.
Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any
other purpose is a violation of the copyrights and other
proprietary rights. For purposes of this Terms of Use Agreement,
the use of any such material on any other web site or networked
computer environment is prohibited.
Greek letters, name, or insignia of
particular fraternal organizations are not necessarily being sold
under a license or other sponsorship from those organizations. It
is the product manufacturers' intent that sales be only to and/or
for members or pledges of the represented  fraternal
organizations. Customer warrants that it has the right to use the
artwork, logos, design, etc. that is/are requested to be placed
on University Apparel products. Customer also warrants that it
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless University Apparel,,
Inc. it's officers, shareholders, employees, and agents against
any claims for damages and costs, including but not limited to
attorney's fees and costs, in any cause of action, including but
not limited to an infringement action, as a result of embroidery,
applied lettering, and/or printing of the requested artwork,
logos, design, etc.
PRIVACY
University Apparel is very respectful about the privacy concerns
of the visitors to its sites on the Internet. As a general
policy, no personal information is automatically collected from
visitors to its sites. However, certain non-personal information
of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of University
Apparel's Internet servers. This information is primarily used to
provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor.
Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by
the visitor (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of
operating system (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) in use by the visitor
and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider
(e.g., America Online, Earthlink) . By having this information,
web pages optimized for a particular visitor's computer is
automatically available to that visitor. Other uses of this
information include internal review of the number of visitors to
the sites but only in an aggregate and
non-personally-identifiable form. E-mail addresses and other
personally identifiable data about visitors to this site are
known to University Apparel only when voluntarily submitted.
Personally identifiable information that may be collected in
connection with visitors voluntarily filling out price quote
requests, placing orders, submitting events, or asking questions
is retained by University Apparel and not sold or otherwise
transferred outside the company. This information is used to
better understand visitors' use of our sites and to support
transactions made on the sites, unless the user provides
information which is suspected or deemed to be fraudulent in
nature regarding fraternal affiliation, at which point said
information may be forwarded to the proper National, Regional, or
Local organization representative(s) for further review.
However, this data in an aggregate form may be provided to other
parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. We sometimes
also use e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable
information to contact visitors who communicate with us. For
example, we direct e-mail to visitors who provide us with their
e-mail addresses for specific purposes such as receiving website
updates or being notified regarding new products or promotions.
None of the University Apparel web sites, including this one,
place a "cookie" in the browser files of a University
Apparel user's computer.
Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose
personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone
number) on the guest book or in the events area, that information
can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited
messages from other people.
To the extent that any of our sites accessible through University
Apparel has additional practices, these practices will be
explained at that site.
SECURE ORDERING FORMS
The order forms are placed on  a
secure site. It uses a security protocol -- SSL (Secure Sockets
Layer) -- to secure the information you send and receive. When
sites use a security protocol, information that you provide, such
as your name or credit-card number, is encrypted so that it
can’t be read by other people.
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS
CONCERNING PRIVACY
University Apparel has no sites specifically designed for
children. However, University Apparel believes that parents
should supervise their children's online activities and consider
using parental control tools available from online services and
software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online
environment. These tools can also prevent children from
disclosing online their name, address, and other personal
information without parental permission. For additional
information about parental control tools, please consult the
"Consumer Assistance" page of the Direct Marketing
Association home page (www.the-dma.org).
LINKED SITES
University Apparel, whether or not affiliated with sites which
may be linked to this site, is not responsible for their content
("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are for your
convenience only and you access them at your own risk.
Submissions DISCLAIMER
The materials in University Apparel's Web Sites are provided
"as is" and with warranties as express or implied on
our Company Policies page. To the fullest extent permissible
pursuant to applicable law, University Apparel disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to,
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose. University Apparel does not warrant that the
functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or
error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that University
Apparel's Web Sites or the server that makes them available are
free of viruses or other harmful components. University Apparel
does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or
the results of the use of the materials in University Apparel's
Web Sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability,
or otherwise. You (and not University Apparel) assume the entire
cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable
law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the
above exclusion may not apply to you. The material that you read
in University Apparel's Web Sites is provided solely for
promotional purposes. The information and opinions expressed in
the guest book, events page, or other forums conducted on this
site ("Forums") are not necessarily those of University
Apparel or its affiliated or related entities or content
providers and University Apparel makes no representations or
warranties regarding that information or those opinions.
Furthermore, neither University Apparel nor its affiliated or
related entities or its content providers are responsible or
liable to any person or entity whatsoever (including, without
limitation, persons who may use or rely on such data/materials or
to whom such data/materials may be furnished) for any loss,
damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise),
injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character
whatsoever based upon or resulting from any information or
opinions provided in University Apparel's Web Sites.
SUBMISSIONS
Any notes, message/guest book postings, ideas, suggestions,
concepts or other material submitted will become the property of
University Apparel, Inc. throughout the universe and University
Apparel shall be entitled to use the material for any type of use
forever including in any media whether now known or hereafter
devised. When you submit material to University Apparel's Web
Sites, you agree that University Apparel has the right to publish
the material for any type of use as outline above including
promotional and advertising purposes.
University Apparel is not responsible for any material posted on
our Forums. You shall not submit or otherwise publish through
such Forums any content which:
a) libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic,
abusive, or threatening;
b) infringes any intellectual property or other right of any
entity or person, including, but not limited to violating
anyone's copyrights or trademarks;
c) violates any law;
d) advocates illegal activity;
e) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation
for goods or services; (collectively "Non-Approved
Material").
You agree to indemnify University Apparel and its officers,
directors, employees, agents, distributors and affiliates from
and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities,
costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees,
resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing agreements,
representations, and warranties.
E-MAIL AND POSTINGS
RECEIVED
Do not post any threatening or libelous e-mails or material on
this site that would be considered a violation of any law.
University Apparel will fully cooperate with any law enforcement
authorities or court order requesting or directing University
Apparel to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such
e-mails or materials.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in University Apparel
web sites are presented solely for the purpose of promoting
products available in the United States, its territories,
possessions, and protectorates. This site is controlled and
operated by University Apparel from its offices within the State
of New Jersey, United States of America. The University Apparel
makes no representation that materials in University Apparel's
Web Sites are appropriate or available for use in other
locations. Those who choose to access this site from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are
applicable.
This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, as it is
applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely
within such State. Any action you, any third party or University
Apparel bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with,
any matters related to this site shall be brought only in either
the state or Federal Courts located in Camden County, New Jersey,
and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If
any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for
any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the
entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters
contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing,
signed by University Apparel.
Copyright 2001-2016 University Apparel
[
TheGREEKSHOP.com
| TheMAAC.com
]
[
ElkExpressions.com |
J2SPORTS
]
[
G-Gear |
IotaWear.com
]
[ Express Checkout*
|
Order Forms & Templates
]
[
Request an Order Status
]
*If you have
already submitted a Price Quote through one of our web sites, you may
use the Express Checkout to pay by Credit Card on-line.
[
Gift Card Policies
|
Gift Card Balance Check ]
[ UPS Delivery Times |
RUSH Production ]
[
Guestbook
| About Us
]
[ Fraternal Regalia Home]
Privacy
Statement/Terms of Use
The GREEKSHOP (TM), The MAAC (TM), IOTA Wear (TM), G-Gear
(TM) , and Elk Expressions (TM)  are divisions, trade names, or
subsidiaries of University Apparel,
and/or their names are trademarked properties of University Apparel and
may not be used without written authorization.  For more information about this
website, please contact the
webmaster.
J2SPORTS is a trade name of
J-TWO SPORTING GOODS, founded
in 1996, which is a subsidiary of University Apparel.
The items
shown on our websites are not
marketed nor offered for sale as ready-made or in-stock
retail items for any specific organization, unless specified as such.  Photos
are shown as examples of the work that may have been done in the past and/or
that may be made for your
particular organization.
Copyright © 2005-2018 [Fraternal Regalia by University Apparel]. All rights reserved.
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.
Other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or registered
trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders.
Greek letters, name, or insignia of particular fraternal
organizations are not necessarily being sold under a license or other
sponsorship from those organizations, and the manufacture and/or
sale of products contained herein does not necessarily indicate approval by a
national or local organization. It is the product manufacturers' intent that
sales be only to and/or for members or pledges of the represented  fraternal
organizations.
"Special order purchases from local
vendors are tantamount to a consent to use agreement or a limited license..."
Sarah Evans Barker, Judge, United States District Court, Southern District
of Indiana
So ordered, 25 October 2004
We make custom satin jackets, varsity jackets, leather
jackets, pullover jackets, windbreakers, baseball jerseys, football jerseys,
hockey jerseys, t-shirts, polo shirts, twill shirts, sweatshirts, sweaters,
bags, flight suits, and BDUs and provide regalia, aprons, crowns, jewels,
collars, books, fezzes, pins, keychains, medallions, jewelry, rings, engraved
pens, jewelry boxes, charms, cuff links, tie tacks, afghans, blankets, gifts and
novelties, for most Masonic houses, including Blue Lodge Mason, F&AM, Prince
Hall F&AM, PHA, AF&AM, Prince Hall Origin, F&AAYM PHO, International Free &
Accepted Modern Masons, IF&AMM, IF&AM Masons, 357, 3°, Past Master, Grand Lodge,
Order of Pythagorans, Mark Master, 4°, Royal Arch Masons, HRAM PHA, Past High
Priest, Grand Chapter, Cryptic Masons, Purple House, Royal & Select Masters,
Super Excellent Masters, Past Thrice Illustrious Master, Grand Council, Knights
Templar, Sir Knights, Commandery, Grand Commandery, KYCH, Priory, York Rite,
14°, Lodge of Perfection, 16°, Prince of Jerusalem, 18°, Rose Croix, 32°,
Consistory, Past Commander-in-Chief, 33°, Grand Inspector General, Commanders of
the Rite, AASR, Scottish Rite, Northern Jurisdiction, Southern Jurisdiction,
Shriners, Nobles, AAONMS, Ancient Arabic Order Nobles of the Mystic Shrine,
Grotto, MOVPER, Royal Order of Jesters, Mirth is King, AEAONMS, Ancient Egyptian
Arabic Order Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, Past Potentate, OES, Order of the
Eastern Star, Past Matron, Past Patron, Queen of the South, Amaranth, HOJ,
Heroines of Jericho, Past Most Ancient Matron, LOCOP, Ladies of the Circle of
Perfection, Past Royal Perfect Matron, Order of Cyrenes, Crusaders, Heroines of
the Templar Crusades, Past Royal Commandress, Order of the Golden Circle, Past
Loyal Lady Ruler, Daughters of Isis, Past Commandress, Daughters of Sphinx, Rose
of the Seven Seals, RSS, Daughters of the Nile, LOS of NA, Ladies Oriental
Shrine of North America, Daughters of Mokanna, and White Shrine of Jerusalem. We
also provide items for International Association of Turtles, Inc. Are You a
Turtle? YBYSAIA, and make items with Greek letters such as Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta,
Epsilon, Zeta, Eta, Theta, Iota, Kappa, Lambda, Mu, Nu, Xi, Omicron, Pi, Rho, Sigma, Tau,
Upsilon, Phi, Chi, Psi, Omega.