http://www.chaliceuu.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
3331 Old Conejo Road
Newbury Park, CA 91320-2115
(805) 498-9548
admin@chaliceuu.org
Chalice
Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of the Conejo Valley
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Directions
Search
Give
Contact
Sunday Service at 10am ONLINE temporarily
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
In our publicly accessible pages, we do not collect personal information from visitors, with the following exceptions:
we ask for a Name and Email address in our contact form, to respond to queries and comments
we log IP addresses with timestamps, to scan for attacks
In our member pages, we maintain a directory of PII for members and friends including name, email, address, and phone number. Member accounts are available only to members and friends of the Fellowship, and can’t be created by online visitors
When do we collect information?
We collect information from visitors when you fill out a form or enter information on our site or a third party service we are using. For example, we may use some Google Forms to enable sign ups for a Fellowship activity, and we also may receive some information from third parties when you fill out a survey, make a donation or purchase, or interact with our content on other platforms such as Facebook or Youtube.
We collect additional information from members and friends offline when you apply for membership or request an account, and when you update your information inside the member pages on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from visitors to the website in the following ways:
To respond to questions and comments from the contact form.
To analyze responses from surveys.
To keep you informed about the activity status if you have signed up for an activity.
To follow up appropriately for a purchase or donation (with thanks, receipt, delivery details if necessary, etc).
Members who provide their contact information and consent will be included in the members-only directory, and their contact information will be available to those who can access the members-only portion of the site for personal use in accordance with Fellowship policies (particularly including the Covenant of Good Relations). Those who can access this information must not use it for any commercial purposes, must avoid exposing the contact information to any third parties without prior consent, and must not add the contact information to any mailing lists without prior consent. Any violations of this policy by CVUUF participants will go through our conflict resolution process and may result in sanctions, up to and including legal action. Any others who access this private information and use it in a manner that violates this policy or otherwise causes inconvenience to our members may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law (but those who first demonstrate vulnerabilities to us without abusing any information discovered will instead be gratefully thanked). Members are not required to provide contact information or to consent to its presence online in order to be members in good standing.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not collect credit card information, so we do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We may link to third party sites that process payments on our behalf when we have a reasonable belief that they are competent to process such payments (including PCI compliance).
We use TLS certificate from LetsEncrypt.
We do not ask for personal or private information from website visitors, and we ask for contact information only as needed to respond to queries or sign up for events. When we do, we do not use this information for other purposes.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember whether a member is logged in. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
To help us remember whether a member is logged in.
To help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
To compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
To use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer or Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu or search its documentation online to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, it won’t affect the user experience for anonymous visitors. Members who disable cookies won’t be able to access the private pages.
Do you disclose information to third parties?
We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to third parties, except as necessary to operate with new technology platforms, such as our web hosting provider.
However, third parties, including Facebook, Youtube, Google, Mailchimp, and others, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites, apps and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services, target ads, and perform activities as described in their own policies.
Since we integrate buttons and services from these third parties, your browser may transmit some information to them while visiting our website, which they may collect and use.
We believe all the sites we use honor your browser’s “Do Not Track” settings, and if you do not want to be tracked, we recommend setting your browser settings to indicate that.
Please refer to https://allaboutdnt.com/ for more information.
Do you provide links to third parties?
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies, and so we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites, and if we are convinced they’re abusive we’ll avoid linking to them.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
We do allow third party behavioral tracking.
How does CVUUF protect the personal information of children?
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
cvuuf.org
Newbury Park
USA
3331 Old Conejo Rd
CA
91320-2115
privacy@chaliceuu.org
805-498-9548
Last Edited on 2018-05-07
(fixed formatting, clarified our use of PII, updated out of date facts such as our use of certs for encryption.)
Contact privacy@chaliceuu.org if you have any questions.
Section Navigation
Terms and Conditions
Website Privacy Policy
Next Service
Stillness Speaks
Rev. Nica Eaton-Guinn December 13
Sunday Service at 10 AM
As the darkness of this time of year closes in, and we remain sheltered in our homes, we visit the wisdom of stillness. Normally this time of year is frantic and exhausting. Can we do it differently this year, honoring the still small voice inside that yearns to guide us? Join us to hear stillness speak.
Join Zoom Meeting
Meeting ID: 209 555 249
Phone: 16699009128
Password: 2020
First Time Visitor?
Upcoming Services
Service Archive
EventsFamily Chapel PreK - 3rd GradeSunday, December 13, 9:00 am - 9:30 amOnlineYA "Ugly Top Party" - Virtual Meet UpTuesday, December 15, 7:00 pm - 8:00 pmOnlineArchives
September 2020
June 2020
April 2020
March 2020
December 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015