http://www.eurodad.org/privacy_policy
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Newsletter
Contact
Members’ Area
Privacy Policy
12 May 2020
Share
Share
This “Privacy Policy” regulates the processing of your personal data by the controller: the European Network on Debt and Development, with registered office at Rue d’Edimbourg, 18 – 26, 1050 Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium and recorded in the Register of Legal Entities (Brussels) under the number BE0850.769.479 (hereafter referred to as: “Eurodad”).
Please read through this Privacy Policy carefully, since it contains your rights and duties vis-à-vis Eurodad.
This Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy can be reworked or updated from time to time, and so we recommend that you consult it again on a regular basis.
Article 1 – General
1.1. Eurodad, by means of the present Privacy Policy, is also complying with the European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of personal data.
1.2. The controller of your personal data is Eurodad.
Article 2 - Personal data that you communicate to us
2.1. during a visit to this Website:
IP address;
via cookies:
2.2. when registering for our newsletter:
name and e-mail address; organisation
2.3. as an employee:
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number;
photos and videos;
CV, motivation letters, notes made by Eurodad during the job interview;
information on education and work experience;
evaluation forms and results of any tests and assessments;
payroll information including national register number, address, seniority, civil status, bank account number, family composition, date of birth;
salary and salary sheets;
2.4. as any business relationship:
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, bank account number.
Article 3 - Personal data that we collect indirectly
3.1. Public data
Eurodad sometimes processes public data, e.g. data that are subject to a publication duty, such as the publication of your appointment as director of a company, or data that you made public yourself, such as information posted on your website, or data that are generally known in your region or that have appeared in the press.
Article 4 – Purposes of data collected and stored
4.1. General purposes:
Eurodad will use the gathered personal data exclusively for the following purposes:
IP address (see article 2.1): for looking after and improving the Website and including Personal Data in anonymous statistics, from which the identity of specific persons or companies cannot be discovered, with as legal basis the legitimate interests of Eurodad in continuously improving its website and provision of services;
e-mail address and organisation (when registering for the newsletter) (see article 2.2.): with a view to sending you Eurodad newsletters;
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payroll information, curriculum vitae, motivation letters, notes made during the job interview, information on education and work experience, evaluation forms and results of any tests and assessments, payroll information including national register number, address, seniority, civil status, bank account number, family composition, date of birth, salary and salary sheets (see article 2.3 and 2.4): in order to be able to provide you the requested services and in order to comply with the statutory provisions, with as legal basis the execution of an agreement.
photos and videos: to be used for our external or internal communication, with as legal basis your prior explicit consent;
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, bank account number (see article 2.4): in order to be able to provide you the requested services and to comply with the statutory provisions.
You are not obliged to release your personal data, but you must understand that the granting of certain services becomes impossible if you refuse the processing.
4.2. Direct marketing:
The personal data will be used for direct marketing in the form of a newsletter or emails, provided that you have given an additional explicit consent for this.
If you are already included in our mailing list for receiving marketing material in electronic form, Eurodad can use your data for sending material relating to Eurodad and its services.
This consent can be withdrawn at any time - free of charge and without any obligation to give a justification - by making contact via the email address assistant@eurodad.org or via the following address: Rue d’Edimbourg, 18 – 26, 1050 Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium.
4.3. Transfer to third parties:
Eurodad will never pass on your personal data to third parties, unless we are obliged to do so on the basis of a statutory provision or a judicial ruling.
Eurodad will not sell your personal data.
4.4. Legal requirements:
In rare cases it can happen that Eurodad must reveal your personal data subject to a court order or in order to comply with other compelling laws or regulations. Eurodad shall make reasonable attempts to inform you in advance about this, unless it is subject to legal restrictions.
Article 5 – Duration of the processing
The personal data is kept and processed by us for a period that is necessary as a function of the purposes of the processing and as a function of the contractual relationship between Eurodad and you:
IP address (see article 2.1): for looking after and improving this Website and including Personal Data in anonymous statistics, from which the identity of specific persons or companies cannot be discovered, with as legal basis the legitimate interests of Eurodad in continuously improving its Website and provision of services;
e-mail address (when registering for the newsletter) (see article 2.2.): with a view to sending you Eurodad newsletters;
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payroll information, curriculum vitae, motivation letters, notes made during the job interview, information on education and work experience, evaluation forms and results of any tests and assessments, payroll information including national register number, address, seniority, civil status, bank account number, family composition, date of birth, salary and salary sheets (see article 2.3 and 2.4): in order to be able to provide you the requested services and in order to comply with the statutory provisions, with as legal basis the execution of an agreement.
photos and videos: to be used for our external or internal communication, with as legal basis your prior explicit consent;
name, e-mail address, telephone number, bank account number (see article 2.4): in order to be able to provide you the requested services and to comply with the statutory provisions.
The aforementioned personal data are in any case kept in accordance with the specific statutory provisions, as well as the prescription periods that oblige us to maintain your personal data for a longer period, e.g. in order to defend ourselves against an action at law.
Article 6 – Your rights
6.1. Right of access and inspection:
You have the right - at any time, free of charge - to request information about your personal data, as well as the use that Eurodad is making of your personal data.
6.2. Right of correction, deletion and restriction:
You always have the right to ask us to correct, supplement or delete your personal data.
You may also ask to restrict the processing of your personal data.
6.3. Right of opposition:
You also have a right of opposition against the processing of your personal data for serious and legitimate reasons.
In addition, you always have the right to oppose the use of personal data; in such a case, you do not have to give any reasons.
6.4. Right of free data transfer:
You have the right to obtain your Personal Data that are processed by us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable form and/or to transfer them to other controllers.
6.5. Right to withdraw consent:
In so far as the processing is based on your prior consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent.
6.6. Exercising your rights:
You can exercise your rights by contacting us for this purpose, either via email (assistant@eurodad.org) or by post to Eurodad, Rue d’Edimbourg, 18 – 26, 1050 Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium.
6.7. Automatic decisions and profiling:
The processing of your Personal Data does not include any profiling, nor will you be subject by us to automated decisions.
6.8. Right to file a complaint:
You have the right to file a complaint with the Belgian Privacy Commission: Commission for the Protection of Privacy, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, Tel +32 (0)2 274 48 00, Fax +32 (0)2 274 48 35, e-mail: commission@privacycommission.be
This leaves intact the possibility of seeking relief before a civil court.
If you should suffer harm as a result of the processing of your personal data, you can file a damages claim.
Article 7 – Security and confidentiality
7.1. We have developed security measures that are appropriate on the technical and organisational levels to prevent the destruction, loss, falsification, modification, unauthorised access or accidental disclosure to third parties of collected personal data as well as any other unauthorised processing of these data.
7.2. Under no circumstances can Eurodad be held liable for any direct or indirect harm deriving from an erroneous or wrongful use by a third party of the personal data. Eurodad have ensured that when they call upon third parties for the processing of personal data, these third parties shall be bound by the same rules.
7.3. You must at all times observe security rules, including by preventing any unauthorised access to your login and code. You are solely responsible for the use that is made of the Website from your computer, IP address and from your identification data, as well as for the confidentiality thereof.
Article 8 – Access by third parties
8.1. In order to be able to process your personal data, we grant access to your personal data to our employees.
8.2. We guarantee an identical level of protection by making contractual obligations that are opposable to these employees and agents and which are identical to this Privacy Policy.
Article 9 – Applicable law and competent court
This Privacy Policy is governed by, interpreted and executed in accordance with Belgian law, which is solely applicable.The courts of Brussels have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute that should arise from the interpretation or execution of this Privacy Policy.
We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. Find out more about cookies by reading our Privacy Policy
Accept
×