https://www.elizabethfry.com/contact/grievance-policy/
Close Navigation Home
We Can Help
Programs & Services
Upcoming Events
Resources
About
Guiding Principles
Leadership
News & Publications
Work with Us
Job Opportunities
Volunteer
Membership
Blog
Donate
Ways to Donate
Donate Now
Donor Wall
Contact
Contact
Grievance Policy
Privacy Policy
Staff Login
Facebook
Twitter
EFry is committed to operating with integrity and providing quality services. Those who do not believe this commitment has been met have the right to submit a grievance.
Society policy and procedures comply with applicable legislation including requirements of licensing and accreditation authorities.
Clients are provided with a written description of EFry’s grievance procedure and a Client Grievance Form when they apply to the Program. Program staff are responsible for advising clients of their rights and of the grievance procedure, including that a staff member will assist them to complete the form and file a grievance.
If a client expresses a concern or makes a complaint concerning their application to or involvement in a Society program, s/he has recourse to the following steps:
• The client will discuss the matter fully with the Program supervisor, who will take any corrective action required within the boundaries of his/her authority. The supervisor will notify the department director of the client’s concerns and the action taken.
• If agreement is not reached and the client is still dissatisfied, the client may submit his/her concern to the department director within 10 working days of the date of the concern being raised with the supervisor. Failure to abide by the time limit may terminate further pursuit of the grievance. Programs will provide a copy of the Client Grievance Form (posted on EFry ’s Intranet), and clients are encouraged to use it. Clients have the right to ask assistance of another person to speak on their behalf or help fill out the grievance form.
• The manager will acknowledge receipt of the grievance to the client in writing, and will notify the supervisor within 48 hours of receiving the grievance. The manager will take any corrective action required, within the bounds of his/her authority, within 10 days. The manager will notify the Executive Director of the client’s grievance and of any action taken.
• The client will be provided written notification of the resolution of the complaint and an explanation of any further appeal or recourse within 10 days.
• If the client is still unsatisfied with the outcome, the client may submit a request for intervention to the Executive Director, who will acknowledge receipt within 5 days. The Executive Director will take any corrective action required within 10 days and inform the client, in writing, of the resolution.
When clients have rights to external grievance (ie. Child Advocate), the individual will be informed and assisted, as required, to utilize the grievance mechanism.
Grievances can be emailed to info@elizabethfry.com or sent by post to Executive Director, Elizabeth Fry Society of Greater Vancouver, 402 East Columbia New Westminster, V3L 3X1. They will be forwarded to the appropriate party upon receipt. If assistance is required in making a complaint, any EFry employee or volunteer can provide this support.
At each step in the process, the grievance and action taken is communicated to the program director and executive director. All grievances and actions taken are reported to the EFry board of directors.
Where individuals have the rights to file an external grievance (ie. through the BC Ombudsman), they will be informed and assisted, as required, to utilize that grievance mechanism.
Contact Us
TOLL FREE – CANADA & USA
1-888-879-9593
Phone: 604-520-1166
Email: admin@elizabethfry.com
402 E. Columbia St,
New Westminster, BC, V3L 3X1
Opportunities With Efry
Work with Us
Follow Us
FacebookTwitter
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
First NameLast NameEmail
Back to Top