http://www.citymeals.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Our Privacy Policy
Citymeals on Wheels respects the privacy of everyone and the following policy is intended to help you understand how we use the information we collect. This policy applies to all information received by Citymeals on Wheels, both online and offline, including any information transmitted through this website, as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Our website automatically collects non-personally identifiable information on our site visitors. This information is used to compile statistics for our website, such as the number of visitors to the site and which pages were viewed.
Personally identifiable information is only collected when you voluntarily submit it, such as through making a donation. If you provide us with this information we may use it to contact you with further information on Citymeals on Wheels. If you would prefer not to receive such correspondence, please let us know by sending us an email.
We may also occasionally share your information with other organizations who we believe would be of interest to you. We only share mailing address information and will not give out your email address. If you would rather we do not share any of your information with third parties, please send us an email. Be sure to provide your full name and mailing address so we can accurately update your information.
Trademark and Copyright Notices
Citymeals®, Citymeals on Wheels® and the New York skyline logo are registered trademarks of Citymeals on Wheels.
Stay InformedReceive email updates about the homebound elderly you help us nourish, recipes from renowned chefs, event invitations, volunteer opportunities, and more.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Loading...Submitted
Personalize Your SubscriptionsIn addition to general updates, please choose from the options below to receive special news and information from us based on your interests.
Newsletter Options
Recipe of the Month: Get exclusive recipes each month from some of the world’s greatest chefs who support Citymeals.
Event Announcements: Stay up-to-date on our events, offering one-of-a-kind experiences that have become the hottest tickets in town.
Volunteer Opportunities: Receive periodic updates about our volunteer programs and get notified when we need extra help.
Young Professionals: Learn more about events and volunteer opportunities organized by the Citymeals Young Professionals Committee.
Loading...
Citymeals on Wheels will not share with any outside organization personal information you provide to us during your visit to this site. Read more about our privacy policy.
100% of your donation will be used for the preparation and delivery of meals, thanks to our partnership with the New York City Department for the Aging, along with gifts from our board of directors and others designated for administrative expenses.
Donate Now
BBB Accredited Business Charity Navigator 4 star charity