http://www.homeless.org.uk/terms-of-use
Terms of use
What terms apply when using this site?
Please read this information carefully. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which, together with our privacy policy and community guidelines, govern Homeless Link’s relationship with you in relation to www.homeless.org.uk.
They apply whether you are using our site as a guest, a registered user or as a member of Homeless Link. By accessing these sites, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions that appear below. If you disagree with any part of these terms of use, please do not access, use and/or contribute to our website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
About Homeless Link
The above websites are provided and maintained by Homeless Link ("we") whose registered office is at Minories House, 2-5 Minories, London EC3N 1BJ.  The term 'Homeless Link’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Minories House, 2-5 Minories, London EC3N 1BJ.  Homeless Link is a charitable company limited by guarantee. Our company registration number is 4313826. We are registered in England and Wales. Our charity registration number is 1089173.
Website content
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is not intended to constitute professional advice as circumstances can vary from person to person
It is subject to change without notice
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United Kingdom, or in relation to postings from the United Kingdom.
Accessing our site
We do not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best of our ability. We also reserve the right to withdraw or amend our services on the site without notice. By using this service you thereby indemnify us, our employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused. From time to time, we may also restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
When using our site, you must comply with our community guidelines, booking terms, terms and conditions of supply, and privacy policy that collectively form the entire agreement between you and Homeless Link.
User names and passwords
Registered users of our site have a user name and password as part of our security procedures. It is essential that you treat this information as confidential, and you do not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disallow access to our site at any time if, in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you have been issued with passwords to access the restricted Member Only area of our site, you must keep all access codes confidential and must not allow any other person or organisation to use these to access the site. You must notify us immediately of any suspected or actual unauthorised use of your username and password.
External links
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
No responsibility or liability for the privacy of personal information is accepted for linked-to websites, as these are beyond Homeless Link’s control or responsibility or liability for the privacy of personal information is accepted for linked-to websites, as these are beyond Homeless Link’s control. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them.
We will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright notice and intellectual property rights
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Homeless Link's services and the full content of this website.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Log files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within Homeless Link on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated in our privacy policy without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this our website uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies. Please see our cookies policy for more information
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, and other contact information, can be found on our main website.
If you have any comments or questions please contact the web master at Homeless Link, Minories House, 2-5 Minories, London EC3N 1BJ.
Force majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including, but not limited to, any Act of God, terrorism, war, political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
General
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
By accessing this website and using our services/buying our products you consent to these terms and conditions and the specific terms and conditions related to the service you are purchasing and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access.
If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply.
Failure of Homeless Linkto enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision.
These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of Homeless Link.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Notification of changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers' personal data we will notify all those affected by this change by e-mail or postal mail. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
Share this page