http://www.louthianlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Louthian Law
PRACTICE AREAS
Personal Injuries
Vehicle Accidents
Car Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Big Truck Wrecks
Work Injuries
Nursing Home Injuries
Medical Malpractice
Medical Misdiagnosis
Prescription Drug Injury
See All
TESTIMONIALS
RESULTS
ABOUT US
Lawyer Bert Louthian
Lawyer Herb Louthian
Why Choose Us
Our Blog
CONTACT
free consultation
803-454-1200
Call Us At 803-454-1200
Send Us An Email
Chat With Us Now
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our website’s users. This notice is intended to inform users of our practices regarding information collection, security, third parties and other related topics. This notice applies only to this website.
Our practices are in keeping with industry standards. We take issues of privacy and security seriously. We also caution users that all online correspondence should be done with caution, as these forms of communication are to some degree inherently unsecure. When corresponding with our team through chat, email or any other form of online communication, do not disclose sensitive or confidential information.
While no website, including our own, can guarantee the absolute security and privacy of user information, we strive to ensure that any information we collect will be protected and kept private.
Information Collection and Use
The information we collect from users will not be sold or traded with untrusted third parties. We are the sole owners of the information we collect. While we use Internet protocol (IP) addresses from your device to help customize our services and optimize our website, we do not automatically gather personally identifiable information. Your IP address is collected for the improvement and optimization of our website and does not include your name or other specific personally identifiable information.
The information you submit to us voluntarily through contact forms, chats, emails or any other form of correspondence through this website will be kept private to best of our abilities. Though some general information might be requested for these interactions, such as your e-mail address, name, phone number and state, we will not ask for, nor should you submit, sensitive information, such as your Social Security Number, date of birth, driver’s license number or financial information.
The only instances in which we will share personal information submitted to our website would involve official governmental requests or situations involving site policy enforcement, compliance with the law or the safety and security of others.
The Security of Information We Collect
Any information we collect or receive from users is stored in a secure database. Our site takes measures to ensure the information we collect isn’t misused, altered or lost. No database or information is completely secure or impenetrable, so users must proceed with the use of the site and submission of information at their own risk. We use encryption methods to keep communication between our firm and our users private and secure. We will continue to prioritize the strength and security of all the information we collect.
The Use of Cookies
Cookies are small bits of data placed on your hard drive that enable us to identify repeat visitors and improve user engagement. Cookies can also track users’ interests to help us cater our content and site usability to enhance your experience. The use of cookies is a standard practice on many websites. However, if you wish to disable cookies at any time, you can do so by changing the settings in your browser.
Third-Party Access to Your Information
We reserve the right to disclose information obtained through this site to third-party contractors and standard services to ensure the quality of our site and enhance user experience. This information is disclosed anonymously and used primarily for tracking and analytical purposes. You can opt out of cookies by customizing your browser at any time. We use third parties only to customize and improve our online services, and we do not sell or trade sensitive or personal information with untrusted third parties.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other websites. Our firm has no control over the privacy policies of these websites. Any site you visit by clicking on a link will have its own set of privacy policies that dictate how your information will be used, stored and shared. Thus, we suggest you review those websites’ policies if you are concerned about how your information will be used and shared.
Opting Out of Correspondence from Our Firm
If you provide us with contact information, we might use that information to contact you with news about our firm or content we believe you will find useful. However, you can opt out of correspondence with us at any time by contacting our firm.
If you have any questions about our website’s privacy policy that are not addressed on this page, we encourage you to contact us to learn more. We make the security of our site and the privacy of our visitors a top priority, and we will continue to maintain security measures and implement updates to make sure your privacy is protected.
Attorney Bert Louthian
Attorney Herb Louthian
Our Firm
Our Legal Blog
Top 10 Reasons to Choose Louthian Law Firm
Your Rights as Our Client
Request Consultation
Please prove you are human by selecting the
Car.
1116 Blanding St., #3A Columbia, SC 29201
803-454-1200
South Carolina CitiesIrmo South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Irmo Accident Attorneys Gadsden South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Gadsden Accident Attorneys Forest Acres South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Forest Acres Accident Attorneys Arcadia Lakes South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Arcadia Lakes Accident Attorneys Eastover South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Eastover Accident Attorneys Wateree South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Wateree Accident Attorneys Boyden Arbor South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Boyden Arbor Accident Attorneys Blythewood South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Blythewood Accident Attorneys Horrel Hill South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Horrel Hill Accident Attorneys Ballentine South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Ballentine Accident Attorneys Woodfield South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Woodfield Accident Attorneys Dentsville South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Dentsville Accident Attorneys Hopkins South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Hopkins Accident Attorneys Ravenwood South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Ravenwood Accident Attorneys Columbia South Carolina Injury Lawyers and Columbia Accident Attorneys
Request Free Consultation
CONFIDENTIAL. NO OBLIGATION. GET HELP NOW.
Please prove you are human by selecting the
Flag.
© 2020 Louthian Law Firm, P.A., 1116 Blanding St #3A, Columbia, SC 803-454-1200
Areas We Serve
Attorney Referrals
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map