http://www.matthewscremation.com/us/privacy
Call Us Today:
Main Menu
×
HomeProducts & EquipmentCremation Equipment Human Cremation Pet Cremation M-pyre Technologies Cremation EquipmentHuman Cremation Bio Cremation (Alkaline Hydrolysis)Pet Cremation Cremation Marketplace Parts and Supplies Memorial ProductsHuman Memorials Pet Loss MemorialsService and Supplies On-Call Field Service VIP Care Service Plans Preventive Maintenance Cremation Technical Support Education Basic Operator certification Advanced Operator Certification Crematory Leadership Summit Case Studies Why Matthews Our HistoryOur BrandsOur Team Contact Us
English (US)
Spanish (ESP)
Italian (IT)
English (UK)
Search ...
Privacy Policy
Matthews International is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the Matthews International Online Privacy Statement below.
This Matthews International Online Privacy Statement applies to data collected by Matthews International through the majority of its Web sites and services.
Collection of Your Personal InformationAt some Matthews International sites, we ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, work address, or telephone number. We may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. In order to access some Matthews International services, you will be asked to sign in with an e-mail address and password. We may collect information about your interaction with Matthews International sites and services. For example, we may use website analytics tools on our site to retrieve information from your browser, including the site you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find our site, the pages you view within our site, your browser add-ons, and your browser’s width and height. We may also use technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (described below), to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our sites and services. Additionally, we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring Web site addresses. When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Matthews International we may use web beacons (described below), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information. In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Matthews International, information collected through one Matthews International service may be combined with information obtained through other Matthews International services. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area.
Use of Your Personal InformationMatthews International collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve its sites and services. These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service; making the sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and displaying content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences. We also use your personal information to communicate with you. Personal information collected on Matthews International sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Matthews International or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities. Matthews International abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Sharing of Your Personal InformationExcept as described in this statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Matthews International and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. Some Matthews International services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Matthews International and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as , hosting websites, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Matthews International or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services; or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Matthews International employees, customers or the public.
Security of Your Personal InformationMatthews International is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Use of CookiesMatthews International Web sites use “cookies” to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. We use cookies to identify your device, distinguish you from other visitors, record your IP address and understand your use of our site, and identify the name of the Web site from which you linked to the website of our brands. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and appropriate advertising on your later visits to these sites. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Matthews International sites and services that depend on cookies. If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Use of Web BeaconsMatthews International Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Matthews International may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites. We prohibit Web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
AdvertisingCurrently, we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partner: Google.
Opting OutYou can opt out of interest-based ads by Google through Ads Settings. When you opt out, you’ll still see ads but they may not be related to factors such as your interests or demographic details.
How to Opt OutAd Settings lets you opt out of ads shown to you based on factors such as your interests and demographic details on your computer’s browser.  Opt out by visiting sites such as Google’s Ads Settings, and the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page.
Third-Party Vendor AdsWe use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the Internet. These advertising service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interactions with our products and services. Such non-identifiable information does not include your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information. The information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags (also known as action tags), which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites.
Enforcement of This Privacy StatementIf you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact us using the Contact Us link in this website.
Changes to This Privacy StatementWe will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Matthews International is protecting your information.
Matthews Internationalwelcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us by clicking here.
Matthews International Privacy Statement, Matthews International, Two NorthShore Center Pittsburgh, PA 15212 | 412.442-8200