http://www.northview.org/privacy-policy
Latest Church Update More Info
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your privacy is important to us. This policy covers all information entered on any northview.org webpage. Please check back as this policy may be updated from occasionally with minor changes. To contact us regarding any questions please email northview@northview.org.Registration and login is not required on most Northview Church webpages, but the following information may be collected from our website depending on the services:In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Cookies are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website. Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalize your experience of our website.Do We Share Your Information? Email addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties. Non-personal user and traffic data is accessible to our web teams, who work to improve your experiences with our website. Personal information is collected only for ministry purposes. Any data collected during the giving process is accessible by our financial team for record keeping and tax receipting purposes. Northview Church does not share donor information with any other parties. Northview Church does not share your personal information with other institutions. We may however share your personal information only if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, enforce applicable Terms Of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Northview Church, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.Our Security Measures To safeguard your personal information and protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data, we implement SSL security wherever personal information is input such as giving pages, and we do not store local data on our machines related to credit card numbers or personal identification numbers. Access to any data is only granted to those personnel, staff, and contractors that are either directly involved in using the required data or using it to improve our sites. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.Refund Policy While it is not the practice of Northview Church to return gifts once they are made, we do acknowledge instances in which a gift is made in error. For more information or to inquire about a refund, please contact us at giving@northview.org.Event payments are refundable should said event be cancelled by Northview Church. If you are unable to attend an event you have already paid for, Northview Church may be able to refund your payment. Please contact northview@northview.org to inquire.