https://www.harmonyindia.org/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions « Harmony Magazine
Menu
(2004-2019)
A+A-
Magazine
Health
People
Money
Etcetera
Columns
Subscribe
Terms & Conditions
LEGAL INFORMATION AND NOTICES TERMS OF USE
Ownership of Site, Agreement to Terms of Use
These terms and conditions of use laid down by us will apply to Harmony and all the associated sites which have a link to it and its subsidiaries. BY USING THIS SITE YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THEM THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
The agreement is for an indefinite term and you are bound by the conditions in the agreement if you to use the Site.
Changes
We, Harmony, have all the rights, without prior notice to change, alter, amend, cancel, suspend or modify any of the terms of the agreement. You shall be deemed to have accepted such changes/alterations if you continue to access the Site after such changes.
Content
Content refers to all text graphics, user interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code, including but not limited to designs, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such content.
No part of the Site can be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way.
You are permitted to print or download extracts from the Site and its pages for your personal non-commercial use only. Any copies made on disk, compact disk and any medium of storage should be for personal use. You may not create a database in electronic or manual form regularly or systematically to download and store all or any part the pages of the Site.
Material Submitted by Users Certain material of the site will contain material submitted by the users of the Site, their views, comments, queries. Harmony accepts no responsibility and shall not be liable for the content, accuracy, conformity to applicable laws of such material.
All information, data, software, sound, music, photographs, video, messages or other materials, whether publicly or privately transmitted or posted or otherwise is the sole responsibility of the person who is the originator of the material.
You may not submit, post or send any material that contains a software virus or any other files that are designed to destroy and/or negatively affect any electronic equipment in connection with the use of the Site or otherwise.
You shall be solely responsible and liable for all the contents that you upload , post or otherwise transmit. Harmony endures to provide a platform for interaction for persons of various communities to interact or exchange views with each other. The contents posted on the site is by general public and accuracy, integrity or quality of such contents cannot be guaranteed. By using such services, you understand that you may be exposed to objectionable matter. You agreed not to upload, lost or transmit any matter which are defamatory, abusive, obscene, invasive of any person’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
Any transactions relating to purchase or sale of goods or services not directly offered by Harmony are required to be settled between the parties interse and any matters pertaining to such transactions including the warranties, express or implied or merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, and non infringement or otherwise are disclaimed by this Site. This Site is not involved in any transaction between the buyers and sellers in any case whatsoever.
Advertising Material
The Site contains advertising material which is submitted to Harmony. This is given by third parties. The advertisers will be responsible for ensuring that the material submitted complies with international and National law. Harmony will not be responsible for any claim, error, omission or inaccuracy in the advertising material. Harmony reserves the right to omit, suspend or change the position of any advertising material submitted for insertion. The material accepted for advertising will be subject to the terms and conditions of Harmony.
Disclaimers
Harmony hopes that the readers find the information helpful and easy to use, it provides the information “as it is” and makes no representations or warranties of any kind.
Harmony disclaims liability of any kind whatsoever arising out of the readers use, or inability to use the material contained in it. It does not take responsibility for the views and advise of the columnists featured in it.
The material provided by harmony is not a substitute for professional opinions. Readers are advised to seek appropriate advise from qualified and licensed professionals in the concerned field.
Harmony makes every effort to maintain accuracy of the information but does not accept responsibility for any and disclaims responsibility for any loss or damage which may arise from the information provided. None of the Authors, Contributors, sponsors or anyone connected to Harmony can be liable for any reproduction of the material.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Harmony, its officers, directors, shareholders, processors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses made against Harmony by any third party due to arising out of or in connection with your use of Site.
Void Where Prohibited
Harmony is accessible worldwide and is available to all persons or in all geographical locations. If you choose to access the Site outside India, you shall do so at your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with the applicable law.
Individual Registration, Access and Exchange of Information
For certain services registration by the visitor is required. By registering, you agree to the following terms and co0nditions, in addition to any other specific terms and conditions, which will be posted at an appropriate location of the Site. Each single individual user shall have a separate registration and to access, services, you will be required to login your user name and password. You would, therefore, not be permitted any of the following:
Any other person sharing your User Name and Password
Any part of the Site being cached in proxy servers and accessed by individuals who have not registered with Harmony as users of the Site.
Single user name and password being made available to multiple users for accessing the site.
Magazine
Health
People
Money
Etcetera
Columns
About Us
Useful Links
Harmony Celebrate Age
502 Plot No. 91/94
Prabhat Colony
Santacruz (East)
Mumbai – 400055
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Harmony for Silvers Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
Terms and conditions
Entrants must send entries as required in the contest announcement in order to be eligible. Entries received after the contest period (7 December 2018 to 15 December 2018) set forth in the contest announcement are ineligible, null, and void. HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA will not be responsible for and will not consider incomplete or incorrect entries. HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA are not responsible for entries that are sent but not received for any reason.
Only one entry per e-mail address will be considered for contest entry.
Winners’ names will be announced on the websites and social media pages of HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA ‘BLISS’ on 20 December 2018. Winners will also be informed over the phone by an official representative of CLUB MAHINDRA. Failure to respond within five (5) business days shall mean that the winner forfeits the prize and another winner will be chosen.
The contest is not open to employees, distributors, franchisees, agents and suppliers of HARMONY and Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited.
The decision of HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA in respect of all the matters of eligibility and winning entry shall be final and binding on the Participants.
All content or information submitted by you shall become the sole and exclusive property of HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA, and HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA shall have no obligation to preserve, return, or otherwise make available to you or others any materials. HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA may use, reproduce, edit, display, transmit, prepare derivative works of, modify, publish, and otherwise make use of content in any and all media, whether now known or hereinafter created—throughout the world and for any purpose at their sole discretion—without compensation to you of any kind.
By submitting information to HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA, you represent and warrant that the content and information do not infringe any copyright, trademark, property rights, rights of privacy or publicity of any person, or any other right of any third party and that you have the full and unrestricted right to transfer the content and information to HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA free and clear of any claims.
HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA may collect personal information such as the Participant’s friend’s name, phone number or e-mail address, Government Identity Cards which may be used by HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA for its internal and promotional purposes. Club Mahindra may also access profile and other information from social media platforms.
By participating in the contest, the Participants agree to abide by the Terms and Conditions of participation.
HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA reserve the right to alter, change, or modify the terms and conditions or postpone or cancel the contest at its sole discretion at any time during the period of the contest without issuing any prior notice and without being liable in any manner.
You acknowledge and agree that HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA shall have no obligation to post, display, or otherwise make publicly available any information submitted by you.
You acknowledge and agree that the information submitted by you may be made available by HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA for viewing, rating, reviewing, and commenting by the public. By submitting information, you waive any privacy expectations that you may have with respect to the content.
Mere Participation does not guarantee a prize.
Decisions regarding winners by HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA are final.
All entrants must be at least 50 years of age, unless otherwise stated or posted. In the event it is discovered that the Participant is either breaching the terms and conditions, or is ineligible to participate, any prize won by the participant shall stand withdrawn and the participation shall stand invalidated.
Winners may not request substitutions of prize winnings. All winners are solely responsible for any and all taxes and/or fees as well as all additional costs that may be incurred.
Neither HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors shall be liable for any warranty, costs, damage, injury, or any other claims incurred as a result of the usage of a prize by any winner. HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA are not liable for any loss arising out of or in connection with the contest.
The contest is null and void in any jurisdiction where prohibited by law.
HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA reserve the right in absolute discretion to terminate the contest at any time without prior notice.
HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA reserve the right in absolute discretion to alter any contest rules at any time.
By entering this contest, you conclusively are deemed to have agreed to be bound by these contest rules and terms and conditions as well as by any rules specific to this contest. This is an irrevocable condition of entry.
The Participant undertakes to indemnify and keep HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA harmless and indemnified against any loss, damage, claims, costs and expenses which may be incurred or suffered by CLUB MAHINDRA due to breach of any of the terms and conditions herein contained.
The following criteria apply:
a. In contests in which winners are selected at random, the odds of winning depend upon the number of entries received and cannot be determined in advance.
b. No purchase or payment of any consideration is necessary to enter the contest.
c. HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA reserve the right to require the winner to execute an affidavit of eligibility as a sworn document and provide other proof of eligibility/identity as a condition of receipt of the prize or award, if called for.
d. Last date for registering your entry will be 15 December 2018.
e. The contest is strictly open to the Citizens of Indian Republic.
Any disputes, differences and/or any other matters in relation to and arising out of this Promotion and or pertaining to these terms and conditions shall be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996. The venue of arbitration shall be Mumbai. The terms and conditions of this Contest shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable laws in India and will be subject to exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Mumbai alone. The arbitration shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator to be appointed by HARMONY and CLUB MAHINDRA.
Prize: Resort Gift Voucher for Stay at any one of the Club Mahindra Resorts as provided by Club Mahindra in this regard.
a) One (1) Winner along with his/her spouse shall be selected from the Draw conducted. The Winner (1) along with his/her spouse will be provided with a Resort Gift voucher for 2 Nights/3 Days stay (ONLY STAY) at Club Mahindra Resort subject to eligibility and availability.
b) Maximum number of persons who are eligible for stay at the Club Mahindra Resort will be 2 persons. The stay is limited to 2 Adults.
c) The Winner has to confirm on the Date of Travel proposed by Club Mahindra. In case, if the Winner opts for different dates then he/she will be provided with an alternate Date by Club Mahindra.
d) Winner has to confirm his/her confirmation for the travel within 15 days after declaration of the nomination of the Winner. In case the winner does not reply to Club Mahindra within 15 days after nomination, then Club Mahindra has the right to provide the said Prize to the next eligible Participant.
e) Last date for sending in entries is 15 December 2018.
f) Prize are non-transferable and not exchangeable for cash, credit or any other item. Prize must be claimed by the respective prize winner in person.
Exclusions:
g) All travel expenses will have to be met by the Winner.
h) All local transport charges/expenses have to be met by the Winner.
i) All sight-seeing expenses or any other entry fees are excluded.
j) Travel from Airport to Resort and return will have to be borne by the Winner.
k) All other expenses incurred at the Resort for the services enjoyed at the Resort have to be borne by Winner.
×