http://www.irishgenealogy.ie/en/privacy-policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Print
General Statement
This policy establishes how The Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht will use information we gather about you from your visit to our website. The privacy of our customers is of utmost importance to us. We fully respect your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission.
Collection and/or use of Personal Information
The Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (by e-mailing us or by using our online feedback form). Any personal information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, save as required by law, and is used by this Department only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
This website does not send directly any personal data to external websites. We only provide links pre-formatted with the details you entered, to facilitate your search with other websites. These search details are sent only when you click on the link(s), like if you were searching directly on the external website. The clicked links, like any web page your browse, may be stored in your browser history. This may not apply to the search element of the site but no user-identifiable data is stored in the process.
The Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate technical details with any individual. It is our policy never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party, unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law.
Usage of SiteImprove Analytics
The following cookies may be set in your visitors web browser if you use the Siteimprove Analytics script on your website.
Cookie name: nmstatCookie type: Persistent – expires after 1000 daysDomain: www.irishgenealogy.ie
This cookie is used to help record the visitor’s use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. This information is then used to improve the user experience on the website. This Siteimprove Analytics cookie contains a randomly generated ID used to recognise the browser when a visitor reads a page. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.
Cookie name: siteimprovesesCookie type: Session cookieDomain: .siteimprove.com
This cookie is used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the site. This information can be used to reduce user journeys, and enable visitors to find relevant information quicker.
Cookie name: szcookiechoiceCookie type: Session cookieDomain: .siteimprove.com
This cookie is used to determine if the user has accepted or declined cookies. This is only set if you use the Siteimprove Cookie Info Banner solution.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The ReCaptcha service on the site uses a number of cookies which are subject to update as the service is amended.
The search application on www.irishgenealogy.ie does not use any cookies except a session cookie.
Collection and Use of Technical Information
We may collect and store general information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different pages of our website to help make them more useful to visitors. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
the Internet domain (for example, 'xcompany.com' if you use a private Internet access account, or 'yourschool.edu' if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site
the date and time you access our site
the pages you visit
if you visited this Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht website from a link on another website, the address of that website.
In short the technical information will be used only by the Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
Who is the Data Controller?
The Data Controller for the collection and processing of all personal data in the Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht is the Department itself.
How do I contact the Data Protection Officer?
The Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows:
Data Protection Officer Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht 23 Kildare Street D02 TD30
Email:  This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Data Protection Policy
The Department’s Data Protection Policy can be found here
Contact Details
Queries:
Arts, Film & Investment UnitDepartment of Tourism, Culture, Arts, Gaeltacht, Sport and MediaGovernment Offices, New RoadKillarney, Co. Kerry.
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Gaeilge
English
HomeSite Usage PolicyPrivacy PolicyFeedback