http://www.livelinks.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Español
Meet local singles in
your area
Find your local number
Not in
Find your local number
?
1-800-916-1090
About
Blog
Buy a Package
Login
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
LAST MODIFIED: JUNE 11, 2018
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how information about you or associated with you (“personal information”) is collected, used and disclosed by Teligence (Canada) Ltd and its affiliates, ("Teligence,” "we" or "us"). This Policy covers our treatment of personal information when you use or sign up as a member of the Livelinks® Chatline service (the “Chatline”), or use and interact with Livelinks® website (“Website”) and applies only to the practices of the companies we own, control, or are united with under common control (collectively, the "Services").
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
CONTACTING US
LAST REVISION DATE
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of information we collect can include:
Information You Provide.
Some users may utilize our Services without registering for a membership. In those instances, we may collect your phone number, dating gender preferences, gender, geographic region (as determined by the local phone number you chose to call) and information about your phone, such as whether it is a mobile phone or landline and information about your carrier or device. When you register for our Services, we may collect a variety of additional personal information, such as your email address, website password, birth date, city, state, credit card number and billing information. When you call our Chatline, we also collect and record your verbal user messages such as your greeting and other messages. You control how much personally identifying information you wish to provide in your greeting and other messages. If you take part in any interactive features of the Services (such as any notification features, contests, games, promotions, quizzes, surveys, research or other services or features), we may collect additional types of personal information. We may also collect any messages you send when you communicate with us. We collect this information online on our Website and through verbal and key press communication on our Chatline. If you input your membership ID, your actions across the website and the Chatline may be linked.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you text and email messages. You can control your receipt of email and text alerts by visiting “Manage Contact Permissions” within the “Manage Subscriptions” page on our website. We may also send you Service-related emails or text messages (e.g., local area access phone numbers, account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt-out of Service-related e-mails or text messages. For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
Information About How You Use the Services.
We may collect information about your participation and actions on the Services. This may include information such as the web pages you view, how you use and engage with our Services, the messages you record on our Chatline, such as your greeting, how you connect and share information with other users of our Services, and your free trial membership usage, your purchased membership packages and remaining balance. It can also include the various functions and features of the Service that you use, such as the HotList, mailbox and messaging, the connections you make, and other friends or contacts you invite to the Services.
Information We Collect From Social Networking Sites.
When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you Like us on Facebook or share through another social media site, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.
Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Website or use our service. When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Teligence help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Website (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service.
We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted advertising; (c) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service. We may associate information we automatically collect with your other information.
3. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below.
We may share your personal information with:
Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Teligence, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy;
Third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving advertisements, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytics services;
Our business partners who offer a service to you jointly with us, for example, when running a co-sponsored contest or promotion;
Third parties who we think may offer you products or services you may enjoy;
Third parties at your request. For example, on our voice services, you may elect to be transferred to a third party after hearing a third party advertisement and providing a keypress to continue to the third party’s messaging. In that instance, we will transfer your phone number and the live call from our service to the third party service and this privacy policy will no longer apply.
Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii)investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Teligence, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
Remember, our Services allow you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals. Consider your own privacy and personal safety when sharing your information with anyone. Also, when sharing information about others you meet through the Service, please consider their safety and privacy and get their consent for that sharing.
4. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Marketing Communications. You can control your communication preferences by visiting "Manage Contact Permissions” in the “Manage Subscriptions” section of our website. You can also click the “unsubscribe” button on promotional email communications. You can text “STOP” to opt-out of further text message communications. On our Chatline, you can select the option to talk with Customer Service to change your communication preferences by phone. Note that you are not permitted to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, password or local area number requests, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, or technical and security notices.
Online Advertising. We may share certain information with online advertising networks so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Services as well as on other websites or apps. Typically, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser. Please refer to your browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org.) Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through browser settings.
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If your account becomes inactive, we will maintain your personal information in the event you wish to re-engage in our Service.
5. SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Teligence cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
6. PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our Services. The Services are not directed to persons under 18 and we do not intentionally collect or maintain information from persons under 18. If you become aware that personal information about a person under 18 has been provided to us, please immediately contact us using the details below.
7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites of our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, retailers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
8. UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Revision" date below and will post the updated Policy on this page.
9. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Teligence collects various types of personal information about you both online and offline, as described in this privacy policy. Under California law, Teligence customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
In the United States:
Attn: Privacy Officer
Teligence 1685 H Street, Suite 615
Blaine, WA 98230
Fax (604) 678-9368
Email: Privacy Officer
Alternatively, you may send us an email at privacy@livelinks.com with the words "California Privacy Rights" in the subject line.
10. CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy@livelinks.com or by writing to us at:
In the United States:
Attn: Privacy Officer
Teligence 1685 H Street, Suite 615
Blaine, WA 98230
Fax (604) 678-9368
Email: Privacy Officer
In Canada:
Attn: Privacy Officer
Teligence 303 Pender Street, Suite 300
Vancouver, B.C. V6B 1T3
Fax (604) 678-9368
Email: Privacy Officer
11. LAST REVISION DATE
This Policy was last revised on, and effective as of, June 11, 2018
Quick LinksHome
Buy Packages
About Livelinks
Safety & Guidelines
Payment Options
Quick Tips
Blog
Login
Get Your Local #
Get My Number
ExtrasFAQs
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Make a Connection
Don't see your city? Call toll-free!
1-800-916-1090
Finding your local phone number