http://www.anglicancommunion.org/privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Member Churches
Document Library
News Site
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Home
Mission
Intentional Discipleship
Marks of Mission
History
Resources
Reconciliation
At the UN
Gender Justice
Companion Links
Companion Links Directory
Anglican Alliance
Community
Networks
Religious Communities
Locations
Organisations
Commissions
Structures
Instruments of Communion
Archbishop of Canterbury
Justin Welby
Rowan Williams
Lambeth Conference
Primates Meeting
2020 (Nov)
2020 (Jan)
2017
2016
2011
2009
2007
2005
2003
2002
2001
2000
1991
What is a Primate?
ACC
Standing Committee
ACC-17
ACC-16
ACC-15
ACC-14
ACC-13
ACC-12
ACC-11
ACC-10
ACC-9
ACC-8
ACC-7
ACC-6
ACC-5
ACC-4
ACC-3
ACC-2
ACC-1
Member Churches
Anglican Communion Office
The Secretary General
Staff
Finances
Personal Emergencies Fund
Vacancies
Canon Law
What is the Anglican Communion?
Theology
Theological Education
Theological Education - home
Theological Education staff
Ministry Grids
The Anglican Way
Theological Education Resources
Theological Colleges and Seminaries of the Anglican Communion
Liturgy
Doctrine
Foundations
Covenant
Responses
Resources
Using the Bible
Christian history
Anglican missiology
Worship & preaching
Ecumenism
Ecumenical Dialogues
Churches in Communion
Partnerships
IASCUFO
Ecumenical relations staff
Inter Religious
Muslim
Jewish
Resources
Prayer
Prière
Oración
Oração
Document Library
Book Shop
The Bible in the Life of the Church
Topic
Type
Audience
Communications
Press and Media
News Service
Resources
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Anglican Consultative Council is a Charity registered in England and Wales, registration number 1137273, and a company limited by guarantee, registration number 7311767.
The Anglican Consultative Council – one of the four Instruments of Communion – is governed by its Constitution. The trustee body, set out in the Constitution, is an elected Standing Committee which has the ultimate responsibility for governance and compliance and is the employer of Anglican Communion Office staff. The Anglican Communion Office is the secretariat to the four Instruments of Communion.
The Anglican Consultative Council takes its responsibilities for the protection of personal data seriously.
This policy explains how we collect data, how we use and store data and what it means for you.
By using our website or providing us with your personal data you agree to your personal data being used and stored in the manner set out in this policy.
The Anglican Consultative Council is the “data controller” for the purposes of data protection legislation.
How do we process your personal data?
The Anglican Consultative Council is committed to complying with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by:
keeping personal data up-to-date;
storing and destroying it securely;
not collecting or retaining unnecessary data;
protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure;
ensuring appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
We limit access to personal data to those employees, Internal Third Parties* and External Third Party service providers who have a need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
What information do we collect?
When you interact with us, we collect your personal details directly from you or in the case of public office holders within the Anglican Communion, members appointed to the Anglican Consultative Council, or Committees, working groups or dialogues mandated by the Instruments of Communion. This information may be provided by the Provincial Secretary or other authorised representatives of your Member Church or Church, or official public sources of information, for example diocesan or provincial websites, or published Church directories.
Depending on the purpose for which you are providing information, the following is a list of the information we may collect. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list but to provide a summary of key examples:
your name;
your email address, telephone number or postal address;
correspondence (such as emails or letters);
interaction with our website and newsletters including social media posts and ‘click throughs’ and through the use of ‘cookies’. For further information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy;
when registering for an event, if you provide us with information about dietary requirements or your need for disabled access, for example, we use this information solely to ensure that we can accommodate your needs.
Whilst the Anglican Consultative Council is a Christian organisation, we do not assume that those who visit our website, subscribe to our email bulletins, purchase items from our online shop, or otherwise enter into business correspondence with us are necessarily Christian, and therefore do not regard this data as providing evidence of religious belief.
We consider that information provided by official representatives of the Member Churches of the Anglican Communion for the purposes of administrating the objects of and serving the Instruments of Communion, and Committees, working groups and dialogues mandated by the Instruments, is subject to a special processing condition of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)which states that “processing is carried out in the course of its legitimate activities with appropriate safeguards by a foundation, association or any other not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim and on condition that the processing relates solely to the members or to former members of the body or to persons who have regular contact with it in connection with its purposes and that the personal data are not disclosed outside that body without the consent of the data subjects.”
Information listed on the Member Churches Directory is the official information of office holders in the public domain and/or is provided for inclusion on the Member Churches Directory and our internal membership database by the Provincial Secretary or other authorised representatives of your Member Church.
How do we use this information?
The Anglican Consultative Council will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason that is compatible with the original purpose. Please note that we may process your data without your knowledge or consent, for example where this is required by law.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Provincial Secretaries or other authorised staff of your Member Church may submit contact details for public office holders for inclusion on the Member Churches Directory and our internal membership database for the purposes of making the Communion known to the wider world, calling for prayer through the Anglican Cycle of Prayer; promoting relations between the Member Churches; and administrating the objects of and serving the Instruments of Communion.
To administer membership records of the Member Churches of the Anglican Communion, the Instruments of Communion, and Committees, working groups and dialogues mandated by the Instruments.
Subscriptions to the Anglican Communion News Service email bulletin or thematic network listservs or newsletters.
Requests for materials or information including purchases through the online shop.
Correspondence with the Anglican Consultative Council/ Anglican Communion Office.
Applications to the Personal Emergencies Fund (PEF).
Where you have a business contract with us.
To manage our employees and volunteers.
To maintain our own accounts and records.
What legal basis do we have for processing your personal data?
Consent where you have subscribed to our newsletters or listservs.
Contract where we have a business or employment contract with you.
Processing is necessary for carrying out legal and regulatory obligations.
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical religious or trade union aim provided:-
the processing only relates to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Special category data including religious belief, or health is permitted under data protection law where you have given consent or where it is carried out by a religious entity in the course of its legitimate activity. This includes administrating Member Church and Committee records, and processing applications to the Personal Emergencies Fund.
You can opt out of our newsletters or listservs by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletters or contacting the listserv owner.
Your data is not subject to automated decision-making and processing.
Who do we share your information with?
With the exception of information provided for publication on the Member Churches Directory, your personal data will be treated as confidential and will only be shared with Internal Third Parties* in order to administrate the objects of the Instruments of Communion or External Third Party service providers in order to provide a service to you that you have requested, for example, dietary requirements or accommodation when attending a meeting or event. We require all External Third Party service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow External Third Party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. When sharing data with External Third Party service providers we will only share the minimum data necessary.
We never sell your personal data to anyone.
We may need to pass on information if required by law or by a regulatory body to which we are subject.
Please be aware that if you click through the links from our website to the websites of other organisations, those websites might collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy notice does not cover the information practices of those websites.
How do we protect your data?
We will always endeavour to keep your personal data secure. This includes:
the use of technical controls (such as network protection);
restricting access to personal data to those staff members and trustees whose roles require such access; and
ensuring our staff are trained in protecting your personal data; and our trustees our briefed.
We use MailChimp, which is an email provider, to store lists of contacts (names and email addresses only) and generate newsletters and some other communications. You can read their security policy here: https://mailchimp.com/about/security/
MailChimp’s servers are based in the USA. MailChimp is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield program.
However, we need to remind you that despite all our efforts, the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and that you submit data at your own risk.
In the event of a suspected personal data breach we will notify you and any applicable regulator where we are legally required to do so.
How long do we keep information?
The Anglican Consultative Council will endeavour to keep your personal data up-to-date, ensuring its accuracy and will not keep it for longer than it is needed. When considering how long to retain data we will take account of our service obligations to you, the nature of our relationship with you and any legal requirements.
The Anglican Consultative Council will dispose of your data carefully and securely when it is no longer necessary for us to retain it.
Your rights
We are committed to fulfilling our obligations to you under the General Data Protection Regulation according to our lawful basis for processing. Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR you have the following rights to:
be informed (chiefly through this privacy notice);
request a copy of your personal data;
request we correct the personal data we hold for you;
request that your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data;
withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (chiefly by using the unsubscribe link in our newsletters or listservs);
request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible to transmit that data to another data controller;
request a restriction is placed on your personal data where there is a dispute concerning the accuracy or processing of your personal data;
object to the processing of your personal data; and
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
To exercise these rights please contact us:
The Anglican Consultative Council
St Andrew’s House
Tavistock Crescent
London
W11 1AP
UK
Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7313 3900
Email us at: gdpr@aco.org
You can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office for further information or to make a complaint:
The Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
UK
Telephone: +44 (0)303 123 1113
Email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
*Internal Third Parties
Internal Third Parties are bodies within the Anglican Communion with whom we are mandated to work to administrate the objects of the Instruments of Communion. These are:
The Archbishop of Canterbury (Lambeth Palace)
The Lambeth Conference Company
The Anglican Alliance
Changes to this Notice
This Notice was last updated in July 2018. We may amend this Notice from time to time to take account of changes to our processes or changes to data protection or other legislation. By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted these changes.
Site Map
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy