http://www.sutlaw.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicySutton Law Center A Professional Corporation2019-08-29T23:10:14+00:00
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy and safety are extremely important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sutton Law Center, P.C. website. On some pages we may collect the following personal information:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Demographic information
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide to provide the product or service you requested. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to fulfill your request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.
Occasionally we will offer the opportunity to register on our website for newsletter purposes or to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be shared with other parties.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we will not disclose information that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by writing to us at our business address. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a written request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Newsletters will contain a link to unsubscribe to our communications.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at the number below in the U.S. only. Outside the US, please send us an email through our contact form.
If you provide us with a phone number on any page of our website, you agree that we may call you to fulfill your request.
Sutton Law Center
348 Mill Street
Reno, NV 89501
800-700-1430
About Garrett Sutton
TESTIMONIALS
Just wanted to say thanks for all the help! Everyone at Sutton Law is so easy to work with! The two contracts and a copyright infringement letter your team wrote for me were great and you are making the corporate cleanup process so simple. So glad to have Sutton Law as my legal team for all my business needs. Feel free to use me as a referral if you ever have the need.
Rachel Perlmutter
The Art of Online Marketing
Working with the Sutton Law Center is always such a pleasure. Not only were they extremely thorough with our estate plan, but they helped to guide us toward working with our financial advisors and tax attorney. It’s a great feeling of confidence to know that our family is well covered by a complete plan.
Michael Eardley