https://www.prmi.org/terms-of-service-privacy-policy/
CloseSearch this websiteAbout PRMI
Ministry Team
PRMI Board of Directors
PRMI Statement of Faith
History of PRMI
PRMI Around the World
Ministries of PRMI
Dunamis Fellowship International
Community of the Cross
Mission Outreach of PRMI
Prayer Ministry in Person
Prayer Ministry Online
Healing Week
The Dunamis Institute
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
What PRMI does
The Dunamis Project
Ignite
Growing the Church Conference
Advanced Course on Healing and Deliverance
Exousia: Volunteer Leadership Development
Upward Challenge
With the Wind: Young Adults
Equip and Mobilize Intercessors
Events
Donate
Give Online
Sustaining the Flame
Prayer House Giving
Mobile Dunamis
Mission Outreach Teams
Online Courses Giving
Resources
Books
Special Products
Dunamis Video Courses
Foundations Video Courses
Available Video Courses
Exousia Video Library
Teachings
The Walk
Search
Login/Register
About PRMI
What PRMI does
Events
Donate
Resources
Search
Login/Register
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to secondary navigation Skip to primary sidebarTerms of Service | Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy became effective on June 25th, 2018.  Please check back regularly to keep track of any Privacy Policy updates.
A. Who we are
Presbyterian-Reformed Ministries international (PRMI) is a non-profit company registered and existing under the laws of North Carolina, USA, with registered address:
PO Box 492, Black Mountain, NC 28711, USA.
PRMI is the data controller of the personal data that we collect from you via our sites, events, and interactions with the office, employees, and volunteers who serve at our events.
This Policy explains our privacy practices for PRMI websites maintained by the US Office (we’ll refer to them as the “Site” or “Sites” or “Websites”) and equipping events in a live conference setting (we’ll refer to these as “Events”).  Together, these will be called “Services.”
B. General Principles
At Presbyterian-Reformed Ministries international (PRMI) we care about your privacy and believe in transparency.
In line with our Christian beliefs, our aim is to be as clear as possible about how and why we use information you give us.
We only collect personal information necessary to deliver our services.
By providing your personal details you agree to allow the PRMI to contact you either on the basis of the consents you have given us or for our Legitimate Interests in accordance with current data protection regulations.
We will never make your personal data available for marketing purposes to external individuals or organizations.
We will do all we can to protect your privacy and to make sure any personal information you share with us is stored securely.  We will handle it carefully and sensibly as we seek to fulfill our aim to equip people to cooperate with the Holy Spirit to do ministry wherever they are.
If your questions are not fully answered by the information below, please contact our office who will be happy to help at prmi@prmi.org
Scope
This Privacy Policy describes why and how we collect and use the personal information of our volunteers, event participants, donors and website visitors via our website: www.prmi.org and www.dunamisinstitute.org and www.discernwith.us
Below you will find information about the following:
Collection of Information
How we utilize information
Purpose of data processing
Cookies, beacons, tags, pixels
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security measures
Retention periods
Your Rights
Age restrictions
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Further questions and contacts
1. Collection of Information
We collect personal information each time you are in contact with us. For example, when you make a donation, leave a comment, sign up for our newsletter, register for an event, request a resource, give your details at a PRMI event or send us an email.
Information you provide:
Contact information – we receive and store any information you enter on our Sites. Our Sites use forms to collect your personal information including but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, email address so you can register for events, place orders, make donations, request information, share testimonials, get our newsletters, get support, leave comments online, and use our services.
Payments and billing information – when signing up for any of our events, products, or programs, or giving a , we request additional personal and payment information such as your name, credit card information, PayPal or relevant payment service, billing address, personal address, forms, payment documents and other relevant documents.
Through you provide payment information, PRMI does not store credit/debit card information for payments or donations made at any of our websites.  All credit/debit payments made via our websites is securely handled via third party payment processor.  Information is transmitted securely through encryption to the payment processor.
Information we receive from your use of our services or third-parties
Automated information – when you visit our Sites we receive and collect information, which may – in certain circumstances constitute personal information – and which includes your IP address, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time and/or clickstream data.
Website Analytics tools – We use analytics services by third parties to collect information about the use of our Sites, such as number of visits, pages visited, popularity of certain content. Analytics tools use tracking technologies (like cookies) to recognize your device and compile information about you. They collect information such as what pages you visit and how much time you spend on these pages, the IP address assigned to you, what operating system and web browser you use, and what site you visited prior to visiting our website.
Information Logs – when you visit our Sites, view content provided by us, use our services, use our contact form, file bug reports, or fill any other form, leave a comment, ask us a question, request technical assistance in regards to our services, or send us an email, we automatically collect and store certain information in log files. This may include your IP address, URL, referral URL, exit URL, browser software, operating system, date/time, requests type to our Site and error responses returned by our Site or Services.
Other information – we also receive and store any information that you provide on our Sites, any feedback forms on our sites, email, telephone, or any other type of communication with our staff or event volunteers or related to the provisioning of our services.
Whenever you contact us, we will record the form, or email, to ensure we have an accurate record of all communication, which is needed to provide our services and to support any action taken by our team as a result in the event of a dispute over our response.
2. How we utilize information
We will not sell or rent your phone number, mailing address or e-mail address to anyone, but we may use it in conducting the ordinary course of our business.
We collect information about you for the following reasons:
To provide you with information about our ministry purposes and work including ministry related mailings, upcoming events, event reporting, resources and to tailor this kind of information according to your location and expressed interests.
To ask for financial and non-financial support, such as prayer.
To process donations you give us and to ensure they are recorded correctly.
To keep records of your relationship with us. For example; what events you have attended, what enquiries or complaints you have made, what areas of our work you have supported or what resources you have ordered.
To customize the information and appeals we send to ensure we work in the most cost-effective way and only send information which is appropriate to you.
To enhance or improve your experience on our website.
Information you provide:
Contact information – we will use the information you provide to contact you regarding your event registration, donations, product orders, status of the services, functionality changes to our products and our Site, and – where you have opted in to receive such information – our electronic and paper newsletters, other/new services, and/or special offers/newsletters we think you might find useful. We use email, telephone, and/or text message, as well to inform you about issues, event related information, service improvements or new events or products in accordance with our Terms of Service and applicable law.
Payment and billing information – we need it together with your contact details to process your registrations, donations, orders and/or renewals, and to fulfill our legal obligations for tax reporting. We do not store your credit card / debit card information provided on line.  It is used only to process your payment or donation via Paypal or Stripe (or similar credit card processor)
Information we receive from your use of our services or third-parties:
We collect, store and use the information that we receive from your use of our services or third-parties for the following reasons:
Automated information – to diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Sites and services. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information, except if necessary to prevent fraud or abuse on our Site and systems.
Analytics tools – to improve services on our Sites.
Information Logs – for diagnosing problems, administering our Sites and resolving issues.
Visitor comments and any form submissions may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
IP’s might be checked with geolocation services to establish the location for automated spam detection.
Other information – to maintain your accounts, event registrations, donations, and purchased products, to have an accurate record of any inquiries in case of a dispute and to identify certain characteristics that could help us optimize and improve our products and services.
The information that you provide to the PRMI will be used to provide you with information about our work including ministry related mailings, events, resources, fundraising and other services and activities described on our website.
By providing information you are agreeing to receive mailings and email newsletters that communicate the work of the PRMI.
PRMI uses MailChimp to send regular email newsletters, prayer requests, donations, event promotions and ministry reports.  By providing us with your details you are giving the PRMI your express permission to transfer your data to MailChimp. If you do not give this permission, then the PRMI will not be able to send these emails to you.  Each time you receive an email via Mailchimp you will be able to update your preferences and subscribe or unsubscribe from regular emails via MailChimp.
If you choose to subscribe to any of our newsletters via a form on this website, we will send you emails with useful content, like advice on how to use our products, register for our events, give a donation, educational tips and useful news related to our services, other useful stuff, marketing of our events, promotions, solicitations for donations, exclusive offers, news.
PRMI uses email outside of Mailchimp to communicate about events, your event registration, your donations, or to handle correspondence with you related to your participation with us.  You agree to allow us to communicate with you related to your participation so that we can fulfill our obligations to you related to events, donations, or any other correspondence you directly have with us.
We will send you required emails to inform you about your account, any transaction you have with us, renewals, receipts, password regenerations if needed.
3. Purposes of data processing
When you access or use our Services, we need to collect, use, and otherwise process your information, as set out in this Policy.
We are committed to your privacy and follow a few fundamental principles when we process personal data:
We strive to collect only the minimum personal data that we need to deliver any Services to you.
We aim for full transparency on how we use your information to comply with legal or other lawful purposes and respect your privacy.
We make sure we only use your information for the purposes you have given us permission for.
We rely on a number of legal bases to use your information, as set out in this Policy:
Contract – the use of your information is necessary to perform any contractual obligations in order to provide any Services to you regarding events, purchases, or donations.
Legal obligations – our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if we are requested to disclose your personal information to regulatory bodies or law enforcement authorities; or to use your personal information for tax calculations and reporting.
Our legitimate interests – necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as to:
run, grow, develop and deliver our services, help you attend our events, and process your donations;
detect and prevent fraudulent activities;
enhance the security of our network and information systems;
better understand how people interact with our website;
determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and advertising; and
enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our user base.
Consent – we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information to send you marketing information (including, but not limited to our newsletters, donation appeals, event information, or promotional offers for books) by email, SMS, or telephone. You may withdraw your consent at any time by using our Unsubscribe option in relation to email subscriptions, or contacting us using the details set out in the “Further questions and contacts” section of this Policy.
Please tell us as soon as any of your contact details change so that we can keep our records up to date.
You can change the way we contact you or the kind of material we send you at any time by contacting us by mail, phone or email using the contact details below.
You can unsubscribe from our Mailchimp emails at any time by using the ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘change preferences’ links on the email you have received.
4. Cookies, beacons, tags, pixels
We use Cookies to collect some of the information set out in this Policy. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web browser on your computer, mobile or other handheld device, while you are browsing a website.
Our Sites use cookies to identify you. Cookies can store your account identifier, ordering status, personalization or website tracking. They can also be used for technical purposes such as keeping track of a current shopping session, donation session, event registration, progress of an online course, and enabling you to proceed to complete registration or donations and pay for your according registration or gift, or to save information which has already been entered (languages choices, and your region), so that we can offer improved and more personalized services, products and other relevant communication tailored to you.
Our Sites includes marketing cookies and remarketing pixels provided by third parties. That allows these parties to collect the information that you have visited our Sites and were interested in certain events, articles, or products, or offers. We also use beacons, tags, click tracking codes and scripts to analyze trends and movements of users around the Sites, gather information about user base as a whole and how we can improve our service and Sites, to provide advertising based upon activities and interests and to measure advertising effectiveness.  As a result, we may display targeted, or interest-based, offers to you based on the products you currently own or have recently viewed and deliver other communication more relevant to you and your interests outside of our Site, on other websites part of the third party’s network.
You can also modify your Cookie preferences straight from your browser. Please note that if you simply disable all of our cookies or cookies in general in your browser settings, you may find that certain sections or features of our Sites will not work, because your browser may prevent us from setting Sites functionally required cookies.
5.  How we share your personal information and who we share it with
All personal information collected by PRMI is treated as confidential.  The information we collect will be used exclusively within the ministry of PRMI, unless disclosed to a third party in limited circumstances
We disclose entire or part of your data in the limited circumstances described below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy.
If we are required by law – we will disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legitimate governmental request.
Our PRMI employees, business partners, external consultants, auditors, collaborators or other third parties, individuals who are our independent contractors, and volunteers in PRMI that need to know the information in order to help us provide our services or to process the information on our behalf and also for administrative purposes, billing and tax and all other purposes related to providing you our services. We require all of them to comply strictly with this Privacy Policy.  We do not authorize this group to retain, share, store or use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Third Party Vendors – we will share information with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide various services on our behalf. This group includes vendors that help us provide our services such as payment providers that process your credit card information or information about alternative payment methods and invoicing, and accounting companies as well as vendors that help us prevent fraud. This group also includes third party providers that perform analytic services. This group also includes third party providers of services for physical mailing of newsletters, fundraising appeals, or more.  This group also includes third party providers of event hosting services like accommodations and meals.  We will only share information about you that is necessary for the third party vendor to provide the requested These companies will process the provided data under instructions of PRMI and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We do not authorize vendors to retain, share, store or use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
To Protect Rights and Property – We will share account and personal information with companies, organizations or individuals when we believe in good-faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is necessary to meet any applicable law, comply with regulation, legal process or enforceable request; to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; to investigate potential violations; to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of PRMI, our users or the public as required or permitted by law. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take all reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
Business Transfers – in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that PRMI goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events happens, we will take any reasonable steps to notify you and this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information shall continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent – with your explicit consent or at your direction we may share and disclose information you have authorized us to with third parties. We will not, however, sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information for commercial purposes in any way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Policy. We will take all reasonable steps to notify you when and what information might go to third parties and you will be able to choose whether to share it or not.
6. Security measures
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt the information you enter on our Site in order to protect its security during transmission to and from our Site. When storing information, we protect its security by encryption and pseudonymization of critical data. When we process credit card information for donations and payments, the credit card is subject to tokenization and strong security measures.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Our security procedures require us in some cases to request proof of identity before disclosing personal information to you.
As an additional safety measure, be sure to sign off when you finish using your account and your computer.
Although we take all these measures to maintain the safety and security of your personal information, please note that no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot fully guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us.
7. Retention periods
Information collected on our website will only be retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
We will only keep information that is necessary for us to provide ministry mailings, other resources and for statistical purposes.  Analytic data related to website usage is retained for a period of 2 years to help us observe trends and discover improvements to our website.
We will keep records of any financial transactions you enter into with us for a minimum of six years. This will enable us to meet with accounting requirements and respond to any questions from you that arise during that period.
Unsubscribed email addresses are retained, but not used, to document that we have complied with unsubscribe requests.  They will be purged according to established processes.
If you leave a comment on our websites, the comment and its metadata are stored indefinitely.  This is so we can recognize and approve any followup comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register and create an account on our websites (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.  All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
8. Your Rights
You can unsubscribe from any of our ministry mailings at any time by following the unsubscribe link in the email, or by sending your request to prmi@prmi.org with a request to unsubscribe.
To delete your user account (connected to your email address) at any of our sites, please email that request to prmi@prmi.org
To update any of your information on our paper mailing list, please write the office at prmi@prmi.org.
To remove yourself from our ministry paper mailing list for ministry news or upcoming events, please write the office at prmi@prmi.org to be removed from that list.
You may request details of all the information PRMI holds about you by submitting a written request to our data protection officer. Please write to: The Data Protection Officer, PRMI, PO Box 429, Black Mountain NC 28711, or email your request to prmi@prmi.org
If you need further assistance, you can contact us using the details in the “Further questions and contacts” section of this policy to request any of the following:
confirm whether or not personal data about you is being processed;
provide you with further details about how we process your personal data;
provide you with a copy of any data which we hold about you;
withdraw your consent to using your personal information, where we rely on your consent as a legal basis to justify using your personal data;
consider any valid objection to the processing of your personal information (including the right to object to processing on grounds related to your particular situation where we are relying on our legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing);
request to update or delete personal data which we hold about you;
restrict the way that we process your personal data;
consider any valid request to transfer your personal data to a third party provider of services (data portability); and
we will consider all those requests.
However, certain personal information may be exempt from those requests in certain circumstances, which include a need to keep processing information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. If such an exception applies, we will notify you when responding to your request. Please note that we may ask you to provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding.
9. Age Restrictions
If you are under the age of 13 you are not allowed to use the Site and you must request your parent or guardian to use the Site instead.
Should you have an evidence that someone under the age of 13 has provided their personal information to us, please contact us using the details set out in the “Further questions and contacts” section below.
Event registrations for Youth Events require a parent’s email address and consent to register their child for any PRMI event.
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the updates to this Privacy Policy here and on any other place we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice via our Site, at least fifteen (15) days before the changes take effect.
11. Further questions and contacts
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, or if you want to object to the collection or processing of your data by PRMI, whether entirely or partially, please contact us at prmi@prmi.org
Total0 0 0 0 0Primary Sidebar
Recent Articles
What Are Spiritual Gifts?
Miracle Masks for Missions Outreach
Elements of a Kairos Moment
A Journey of Spiritual Character Formation
PRMI Prayer House Update -October 2020
Sign up now: Foundations of Kingdom Intercession Video Course 2020
Prayer House Update- September 2020
Keep in Step with the Spirit
Upward Challenge: Global Edition 2020
Pray for Our Leaders in Government
Follow Us Everywhere
FacebookInstagramTwitterVimeo
Upcoming Events
Dunamis Fellowship International -- Black Mountain, NC 2021DP 3 The Power of Prayer -- Monroe, WADP 5 Spiritual Warfare -- Allen Park, MIKingdoms in Conflict: Fight the Strongholds in your Church, February 2021Advanced Healing and Deliverance: Part 1 - Black Mountain, NC 2021Gateways Basics - March 2021 OnlineDP 1 Gateways To Empowerment -- Milford, IADP 2 In The Spirit's Power -- Ditchingham, UKDP 2 In The Spirit's Power -- Bellingham, WADP 1 Gateways To Empowerment -- Vancouver, WA
Give to PRMI
Do a Video Course
ARTICLE CATEGORIES
40 Day Prayer Watch
Advanced Healing and Deliverance
Community of the Cross
Dunamis Fellowship International
Dunamis Institute
Dunamis Projects
Growing The Church
Ignite
Ministry News
Mission Outreach
Prayer
Resources From PRMI
Save the Date
Stories of Dunamis
Teachings
Testimony
The Walk
Upward Challenge
With the Wind
Quick Links
PRMI Home Page
My PRMI Account
Events
Articles and Latest Posts
Dunamis Video Courses
Dunamis Fellowship International
Location and Map of the Community of the Cross
PRMI Board of Directors
About PRMI
What PRMI does
Events
Donate
Resources
Search
Login/Register
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more