http://www.wanakee.org/cookie-policy
Home
About Us
Summer Camp
Retreats
Volunteer
Employment
Events
News
Give
Contact Us
Back
About Wanakee
Mission
Meet The Staff
History
Board and Committees
Phil Polhemus Award
Safe Community Policy
Back
About Our Summer Camp
COVID-19 Resources
Summer Camp Dates and Rates
Camp Activities
Registration Information
Tier Pricing
Camp Forms
Facilities
Back
Retreats at Wanakee
Retreat Facilities
Retreat Activities
Retreat Interest Form
Retreat Policies
Back
Donate
Wanakee Wishlist
Revised June 1, 2018What are cookies?Cookies are small bits of data that are saved on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by online service providers to make their websites or services work and to provide statistics and reporting about the use of the website.Cookies set by the website owner or service provider are first party cookies. Cookies set by websites and services other than the website owner are third party cookies.You can control the use of most cookies. See your browser's help menu and look for instructions on privacy and how to manage or disable cookies. Note that if you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of the website may be inaccessible or not function properly.Cookies on this websiteWe use cookies on our website as part of our legitimate business interests to enable website functionality, understand how the website is used, and improve your website experience.Cookies used on this website may be session cookies, which expire when you end your browsing session and/or persistent cookies, which store information on your computer or device so when you return to the website later, the cookie information is still available.Necessary cookiesNecessary cookies enable core functionality and are required for the operation of our website. They include cookies that enable authorized users to log into secure areas of the website.Analytics cookiesWe use Google Analytics to analyze, understand, and improve traffic to our website. We encourage you to review Google's Safeguarding your data article and the Google privacy policy for more information.All analytics data collected on this site is anonymized. It may include, but is not limited to, information about the visitor's computer and operating system, browser and version, pages visited, date and time of visit, sources of traffic to the website, general location, logs, and search queries. This data does not include any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and cannot be traced back to a specific individual.Analytics data is stored by Google Analytics on a server based in the United States. Reports generated from Google Analytics may be shared with and stored by authorized staff and volunteers as they seek to understand use of the website, improve the way it works, and ensure visitors can find what they are looking for easily.Third party websites and embedded contentThis website includes links to other websites including Bambora, with whom we have partnered to process online donations securely. We encourage you to read the Bambora Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.This website also includes embedded media controlled by third parties (such as YouTube, Vimeo, Slideshare, etc.) and may include social media buttons, content, or widgets.When you interact with these services they may collect information from and about you and your interaction with their content. If you are logged into third party services when you visit our website, those third party services may track additional activity by you on our website and as you visit other websites.We do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy and security practices of these third parties. We recommend that you review the privacy and security policies of these third parties to determine how they handle information they may collect from or about you. You can then make an informed decision about whether you want to remain logged into their services while you browse to other websites on the internet.Other tracking technologiesPages on this website and emails sent to you may contain small electronic files known as web beacons and other tracking technologies that enable us to count users who have visited those pages, opened our email newsletters, or clicked on links in the email newsletter.Web beacons in email newsletters are not anonymized and contain PII including your name, email address, the date and time you open the email, and the date, time, and destination of links you click on in the email message. This information is used to evaluate and improve our communications to you and is visible only to authorized staff and volunteers of our organization.We use Constant Contact to send our email newsletters. We encourage you to review the Constant Contact Privacy Policy.You may be able to limit the tracking of the date and time you open the email by setting your email client to not display images when you receive email newsletters or by changing your subscription preferences to plain text rather than HTML. Making these changes means you will miss out on the photos we include in our newsletters. There is no user option for opting out of click tracking of links in either HTML or plain text email newsletters.