https://www.michiganhumane.org/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
0 Items
HOME
ADOPT A PET
VET CARE
PROGRAMS AND SERVICES
SUPPORT MICHIGAN HUMANE
SHOP
GET INVOLVED
REPORT CRUELTY
BLOG
ABOUT MICHIGAN HUMANE
CAREERS
Privacy and Policies
< Back to About Us
Privacy Notice
Michigan Humane has created this Privacy Notice to explain what information we collect and how we will protect that information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our website: www.michiganhumane.org.
In order to fully understand your rights, read this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use. Michigan Humane reserves the right at any time and without advanced notice to change this Privacy Notice by posting such a revised Privacy Notice on our Site. Change to the Privacy Notice will be immediately effective, unless otherwise specified. For significant changes, we may notify you by a pop-up window, a message on the website or through other means on the website.
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice or you want to exercise any rights it provides, contact Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, abissonette@michiganhumane.org or by using our Contact Us form.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms and donation forms require users to provide us with identifiable information (information from which your identity can be determined). This information includes your name, e-mail address, physical address, interests and similar information. This information can be updated by logging into your account. You may also request that we delete your online accounts (also referred to as the right to be forgotten) by contacting Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, abissonette@michiganhumane.org or by using our Contact Us form. We do not request or store sensitive information (also known as special categories), such as credit card, social security numbers, race, country of origin and similar information. Michigan Humane does not sell or trade personal information (including email addresses) we collect.
We maintain your personal information only until the later of (1) the time needed to provide the information, product or service for which you provided it and (2) to comply with applicable law (such as tax and donation reporting).
We are located in Michigan, United States of America, all data we collected is provided to us within the U.S. and remains within the U.S. for the duration of our maintaining the information.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are sometimes considered personally identifiable information and accordingly we keep them private and secure like the rest of the personal information we maintain.
Use of “Cookies” and Responses to Do Not Track Signals:
Our website may use cookies to enhance your experience. Cookies are pieces of information some Web sites transfer to your computer that are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. You do not need to permit the use of cookies to visit or use our website. However, if you do not allow cookies to be used, you may not have the same or as good of an experience as you would if cookies were permitted. You can check or change you cookie preferences by viewing the preferences or settings in your Internet browser.
Third party vendors, including Google, show Michigan Humane Society ads on sites (and sites to which they provide services) on the Internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies and other similar technology to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website.
You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page https://support.google.com/ads/. You can also opt out of some third party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
At this time, we do not respond to do not track and similar requests or signals. See the “Do I Have Control Over How My Information Is Used?” and “Individual Rights” sections for additional information on how you can change when we maintain your information and how it is used.
Do I Have Control Over How My Information Is Used?
Information used for communication. You may opt-out of receiving communications from us by sending an email to us at mail@michiganhumane.org stating you want to opt-out of communications and include your email address.  You can also log in to access your user profile and change your personal interests. Each of our communications (other than those that act as a receipt for registering for an event or making a donation) contain an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
Information used for other purposes. We use your information only for the reason for which it was provided, to maintain your profile and other legitimate purposes (such as maintaining a confidential list of donors, tax and governmental reporting and accreditation purposes). At any time, you can contact us at Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, abissonette@michiganhumane.org or by using our Contact Us form and we will delete your personal information, unless we are required to maintain a copy for legal reasons.
Opt In
Beginning May 25, 2018, we will be utilizing an opt-in system for eNews and promotional communications. If you no longer wish to receive our eNews and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by contacting us at dkim@michiganhumane.org or by using our Contact Us form. We offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications on our interests page, or you may contact us at 248-283-1000, abissonette@michiganhumane.org  or by standard mail at:
Michigan Humane
ATTN: Web Developer
30300 Telegraph Road
Suite 220
Bingham Farms, MI 48025
Individual Rights
In some jurisdictions (such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) individuals have individual rights regarding their data. In addition to the rest of this Privacy Notice, individuals whose live in these jurisdiction have rights that include (1) being informed about your data, (2) viewing and obtaining a copy of your data that we maintain, (3) amending your data, (4) the right to have your data erased (the right to be forgotten), (5) restricting our use of your data, (6) having your data ported (transferred) to another entity, (7) objecting to our use of your data, (8) the right to object to automated decision making, and filing a complaint with the appropriate governmental entity.
In other sections of this Privacy Notice, we have explained (1) how we use your data, (2) that you can view, amend or delete your data by logging on to your account and (3) to restrict how we use your data or if you want to object to our further use of your data you can change the settings in your account or contact us. If you would like to have us port or transfer your data to another organization or have us provide you with the most up to date information on how to contact your applicable supervisory authority, contact us at Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, dkim@michiganhumane.org. We do not make automated decisions about you.
Security
All information provided to Michigan Humane Society is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt or scramble data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website only accessible by certain employees with a need to know or access that information. Unfortunately, no data transmission method is 100% secure.  We strive to protect your information, but cannot ensure or warrant its security.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend’s name and e-mail address. Michigan Humane will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the website. Michigan Humane stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail.
Our Site contains links to other Web sites that have their own privacy notices, terms of use and conditions of service.  We do not have control over, review or endorse these policies. Before clinking on these links, you should read these policies.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this website, or your interaction with this website, you can contact Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, abissonette@michiganhumane.org.
Why is an email address required to make an online donation?
An email address is required to make an online donation because that is how we provide you with a receipt (including tax information).  Beginning May 25, 2018 you will receive news and marking material emails only if you have selected to check the box for those communications. For those already receiving communications on May 25, 2018, you can opt-out of future correspondence by changing your preferences on your profile or by contacting us at  Andy Bissonette, 248-283-5680, 30300 Telegraph Road, Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025, abissonette@michiganhumane.org or by using our contact us form http://support.michiganhumane.org/site/Survey?ACTION_REQUIRED=URI_ACTION_USER_REQUESTS&SURVEY_ID=1200.
PCI-DSS Compliant
Online donations and other financial transactions are completed through Salsa Engage and Blackbaud powered pages on our website are PCI-DSS compliant. PCI-DSS is the payment card industry security requirement for entities that store, process or transmit cardholder data, and has been endorsed by all the major card brands. PCI-DSS compliance gives consumers additional confidence by knowing that organizations accepting electronic payments or donations are doing so in a verified, secure, and consistent fashion. Blackbaud, our software provider for online marketing, fundraising and advocacy received Level 1 PCI compliance, the highest level validation. This means that the processes, procedures, network configuration and overall environment used to process your financial support of the Michigan Humane Society met the stringent guidelines of a third-party audit and are in compliance with the standards set by the industry. This comprehensive standard is intended to help organizations such as ours proactively protect your account data, a responsibility we take very seriously.
Copyright Notice
© 2020. Michigan Humane. All Rights Reserved.
Last Revised: July 26, 2020
Mission and Goals
History
Privacy and Policies
Locations and Hours
Take $10 OFF your next dog or cat adoption with this coupon
Get the coupon
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
Continue Shopping