https://www.nasaa.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is important to us. When you visit the NASAA website, we do not collect any personal, identifying information about you. You will not receive any email from us as a result of using our website unless you request to be notified of website updates and supply us with your email address. We do not use this information for commercial purposes nor do we share this information with other organizations. In addition to information you choose to provide us through our E-mail Update subscription service, we gather information about how our site is used. For instance, our web server automatically collects each visitor’s domain name (the internet name of the organization through which the visitor connects to us; examples of domain names include nasaa.org, sec.gov, and google.com). We also collect aggregate information about user visits, such as when the site is visited most often and which areas of the site are accessed most often to analyze how to improve our site. We also use this information to report to our members aggregate statistics on how the site is used.
Copyright and Linking Policies
NASAA makes the information on its website available to anyone. You may store any of this information on your own computer for your personal use only, you may print copies of the information for your personal use only, and you may link to this information from your website. You may cite or refer to the information in this site in any media provided you include proper attribution indicating NASAA as the source and https://www.nasaa.org as the URL. Unless otherwise noted, the entire contents of this website, including text and images, belong exclusively to NASAA. With the exception of brief excerpts properly attributed, you may not distribute the text or graphics to others (except through hyperlink); you may not reproduce, modify, or reuse the text or graphics; and you may not “mirror” or “frame” this information on your own server.
Disclaimers
As a convenience to our users, many of the documents on our website contain links to information created and maintained by other organizations. NASAA does not control, and is not responsible for, the accuracy, timeliness, or even the continued availability or existence of this outside information. Opinions expressed on other sites are not necessarily those of NASAA, nor does NASAA endorse, warrant, or guarantee products or services described or offered on other sites. NASAA is not responsible for the contents of any websites that choose to link to the NASAA website. Entire contents copyright © North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc., 1999-2019.
Contact UsCareersPrivacy Policy
NORTH AMERICAN SECURITIES ADMINISTRATORS ASSOCIATION750 First Street NE, Suite 1140Washington, DC 20002202-737-0900
Copyright©2019, NASAA. No materials, including graphics, may be reused, modified or reproduced without written permission.