http://www.thewordfortoday.org/policies/terms-of-service
CCCM Store
Cart
0
Search
CCCM Store
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Products
Free Audio
Donate
Search
Terms of service
Taxes:
Our store will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the same state/province where TWFT holds a presence. For orders shipped to other areas, you (the shopper) are solely responsible for any sales taxes and/or other taxes that may apply.
Copyright and Trademark Notice:
Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site; including text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of TWFT., Copyright ©, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.  You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping in this store or placing an order and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Credit Cards:
We accept credit cards as a form of payment. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order.
Multiple Product Orders:
For multiple product orders, we will make every attempt to ship all items contained in that order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. You will only be charged for products contained in a given shipment, plus any applicable shipping charges. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. The entirety of this shipping charge will be applied to the first product(s) shipped on a multiple shipment order.
Order Acceptance Policy:
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. TWFT reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
Out-of-Stock Products:
We will ship your product as it becomes available. Usually, products ship by the next business day. However, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock, which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipping.
Typographical Errors:
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, TWFT shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price. TWFT shall also have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, TWFT will issue a refund to your card in the amount of the incorrect price.
Other Conditions:
These conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether this store signs them or not. KWVE reserves the right to make changes to this site and these conditions at any time.
Privacy on Other Websites:
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy for more information. TWFT is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website in a new window.