http://www.spertus.edu/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Search form
Search
Sign up for eNews
Center for Jewish Leadership
Donate
Join
News
About
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Your InformationSpertus Institute does not sell, share, or rent the information collected on this site.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization other than as necessary to fulfill your request (for example, to ship an order to you).
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about programs, initiatives, specials, or new offerings.
Your Access To and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. In addition, the computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Graduate ProgramsMA in Jewish Professional Studies (MAJPS)
Executive MAJPS
MAJPS Tuition & Fees
MA in Jewish Studies
Doctor of Science in Jewish Studies
Doctor of Hebrew Letters
Jewish Studies Calendar
Jewish Studies Course Registration
Certificate ProgramsCertificate in Jewish Leadership
Certificate in Jewish Leadership for Educators
For Students & AlumniGeneral Resources
Current Faculty
Student Scholarships
Financial AidDeferments
Graduate Scholarships
Transcript Request
Student Handbook
Student Discounts
Resources for Graduate StudentsJewish Studies
Jewish Professional Studies
Retention & Completion Rates
Academic Forms
Alumni Portal
Library & CollectionsOnline Resources
Collection Highlights
Exhibitions
Subject GuidesAdult Jewish Learning
American Judaism
Chicago Jewish History
Christian HebraistsChristian Hebraists: Digitized Rare Books
Environmentalism and Judaism
Holocaust
Jewish Genealogy
Jewish Identity
Jewish Leadership
Jewish Practices
Judaism, Health, and HealingAbuse Within the Jewish Community Across the Age Span
Clinical and Pastoral Responses to Judaism
Comparisons Between American and Israeli Healthcare
Guard Your Health Preventive Care and Genetic Testing
Judaism and Reproduction
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Organ Donation and Transplant Issues
Responding to Suffering at the End of Life
Spirituality and Health
The Circumcision Debate
Nonprofit Management
The State of Israel
World Jewish Communities
Rabbi Dr. Byron Sherwin Lectures
Resilience and Religious Leadership
Asher Library
Programs & EventsInteractive Calendar
Downloadable Calendar
For Current Students
Contact Us
Copyright
Privacy
Site Credits
RSS Feed
Site Map
A partner with the Jewish United Fund in serving our community.