http://www.babkha.com/privacy.shtml
home | community | organization | contact | email login | new (Bastion) forums | old forums | gallery is no longer accessible
popular links
citizenship application
community forums
external relations
legal : privacy statement
We respect your privacy rights. Any information gathered by the Kingdom of Babkha (Babkha) will be kept strictly confidential and will only be used or shared in ways for which you have specifically consented. Unless we have your express consent, Babkha will not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease your personal information to any third party. We will use the utmost care in protecting the privacy and security of your information.
This policy explains our information practices and the choices you can make about the way Babkha collects and uses your information. This Privacy Policy covers the information you provide to us offline and at Babkha web sites :
• www.babkha.com
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to third party Web sites that may be accessible through Babkha web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and use information about you.
To assist you with reading through our Privacy Policy, we have provided answers to questions that you may find most important:
• How does Babkha collect and use my information?
• Do we use cookies, web beacons, or third party advertisers?
• Does Babkha share my information?
• Do I have choices regarding how my information is used?
• Can I access/update my information?
• How long will my information be stored?
• Whom can I contact if I have questions or concerns
• Will this Privacy Policy change?
How does Babkha collect and use my information?
Babkha collects and uses your personal information to respond to your requests for information, services and citizenship. Unless we have your express consent, your personal information will only be used or shared to fulfill your request.
Information You Provide
Babkha collects personal information when you :
Use the Contact Form :
Your name, e-mail address and IP address is captured by the form to facilitate responses and replies.
Application for citizenship in Babkha :
Your e-mail address and IP address is captured by the form to facilitate responses and replies and to verify where your location.
Optional Information
When accessing Babkha web sites, we may give you the option of submitting other general information, such as the name of your micronation, title and how you heard about Babkha. Optional fields are NOT marked with an astericks (*), as is the case with required fields. Optional information is requested to help us better understand our Web visitors. If you have requested that we send you additional information regarding Babkha services and events, we may also use the optional information to fulfill this request.
Technical Information
When you visit our Web site, Babkha may collect technical information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. This information (sometimes referred to as "non-personally identifiable information") may include the address (or "URL") of the Web site that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site. This technical data is aggregated and used to measure and improve the effectiveness of Babkha web site. We do not attempt to combine this technical data with the personal information we collect on our site.
[ back to top ]
Do we use cookies, web beacons, or third party advertisers?
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small data file that a Web site may send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your system. We use session cookies to simulate a continuous connection - cookies let us "remember" information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our Service without reintroducing yourself. For example, cookies are used to keep track of what you have selected to purchase as you click through our site. When filling out an online risk assessment, session cookies are used to capture an applicant's progress as they complete portions of their survey up to and including the point of submission. We also use cookies to allow you to access areas of our Web site that are limited to registered users. We do NOT, however, use cookies to track the navigational habits of identified visitors.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn cookies off, there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly. You can find information about how you can adjust your cookie setting at the following Web sites : Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and Opera Browser.
Web Beacons
Babkha Web site does NOT use electronic images known as Web Beacons, or clear GIFs to monitor the activity of our Web site. Used in combination with cookies, a Web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel, which is placed on a Web site or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Web site or opening the e-mail.
Third Party Advertisers
Babkha does NOT use third party advertising companies to provide advertisements or allow third party advertisers to track your browsing activities on Babkha web sites.
[ back to top ]
Does Babkha share my information?
Unless we have your express consent, Babkha will NOT sell, rent, loan, trade or lease personal information such as membership data or e-mail lists to any third party. We treat all information you provide as confidential. Occasionally, we may contract with other companies to provide limited services on our behalf such as packaging, mailing and delivering purchases and processing event registration.
From time to time, we may be required to provide personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. Unless prevented by law, we will notify you prior to the release of such information. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
[ back to top ]
Do I have choices regarding how my information is used?
You remain in control of your information. Babkha will NOT use or share the personal information we collect in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information without first obtaining your consent (opt-in). At the time you provide your information, you can choose whether you want to receive further communications.
If we collect your information and you are not presented with a choice, that indicates the information you submit will only be used to fulfill your request. If you do opt-in to communications from Babkha, you can opt-out at any time. All e-mail communications from us, such as newsletters, tell you how to stop receiving them.
[ back to top ]
Can I access / update my information?
Babkha wants your information and preferences to be accurate and complete. If you would like to access or update the personal information we maintain about you in our systems, please use the contact form located here or email us at
[ back to top ]
How long will my information be stored?
Babkha believes it is important, for privacy and security reasons, to delete information when it is no longer needed. Data retention periods differ depending on the type of information collected and its intended purpose. For example, we will store your e-mail address if you've subscribed to one of our newsletters until you opt-out (tell us you no longer wish to receive communications from us). If you order a product or service from us, shipping and billing information will be archived according to legal requirements. If you send us a question or concern, we will maintain your information for a reasonable period of time and then delete it.
You may request to delete any personal information you have submitted to Babkha by contacting us at . We will notify you of our receipt of your request. We will take all reasonable steps to functionally delete all such information from our database within five working days from the date we receive your request.
[ back to top ]
Whom can I contact if I have questions or concerns?
Please contact the Ministry of Home Affairs, to report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to submit privacy-related questions or complaints. After receiving your inquiry, we will respond within five business days. You may contact us in the following ways:
E-Mail :
Contact Form : http://www.babkha.com/contact.html
[ back to top ]
Will this Privacy Policy change?
If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we collect online or offline, how we use it and what choices you have. Regardless of any changes we make to our Privacy Policy, we will only use your personal information in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy in place at the time you provided your information, unless you later give your express consent for us to do otherwise.
Last revision date : 13 November 2002
Babkha has reviewed and rewritten its Privacy Policy to (1) make it easier to read and understand and (2) to describe its practices in better detail. Our information practices have not changed in any way; we still do NOT sell, rent, loan, trade or lease your personal information to any third party and we use reasonable means to keep it secure. We believe our new Summary and newly formatted policy will better inform you of our practices and policies. For more information about our Privacy Policy email The Ministry of Home Affairs, at .
[ back to top ]
Copyright © 2000 - 2010 The Kingdom of Babkha
All Rights Reserved | Legal Disclaimer | Privacy Policy