http://www.sgiaust.org.au/privacy-policy/
Jump to main content Jump to NavigationPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how SGI Australia uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.SGI Australia is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. This policy is effective from May 28th, 2014.What we collect and whyWe may collect the following information:Your name and contact information including email addressStatistical information obtained via analytical web tools such as Google Analytics, a tool that helps website owners measure how users interact with website content. Your personal contact details are never shared with Google or any third-party service.We require and use this information for the delivery of your goods and so that we may provide you with the best experience when browsing our website.LinksThis website may contain links to other Websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave this site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the Website in question.Online SecurityTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.If you provide us with your credit or debit card information, this information is submitted directly to our PCI-compliant NAB Transact payment gateway via direct post over an encrypted secure socket layer technology (SSL) connection. We do not store any card details.CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse Web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about website traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can manually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.woocommerce_cart_hashwoocommerce_items_in_cartwp_woocommerce_session_No personal information is stored within these cookies.Questions and contact informationIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at admin@sgiaust.org.au or by mail at SGI Australia[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer][3 Parkview Drive Sydney Olympic Park New South Wales Australia 2127]  BACK TO TOP