https://www.csnsf.org/privacy-policy/
713-790-0226
vaharrison@csnsf.org
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Sign Up
Online Registration
Resource Store
The Basics in Bowen Theory
Other Resources
Organizations and Business
Ministry and Congregations
Science, Evolution and Biology
Reprints
Media
Cart
Checkout
My Account
0 Items
CSNSF.org (the “Company” or “we” or “us”) is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to this website. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
USE OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Your personal information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our site and will be used for several general purposes, including: administering our business activities; providing products and services you have requested; processing your payment; personalizing your experience on our website and keeping you up to date with our products and services.
Your email will never be shared with a third party.  We’ll only use it to notify you of changes to our services and other information we think you may find interesting.  You’ll have the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time, immediately, once you receive your first email.
You acknowledge and agree that we may make available or disclose to third parties information about you solely for the purpose of your financial responsibility to the Company.
If you no longer wish to be contacted in the future by us, you can send an email to info@CSNSF.org and insert “unsubscribe” or “stop” as the appropriate subject heading.
We have enabled Google Analytics advertising features to collect data about our traffic via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation.
We and third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together.
You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use, including through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI’s consumer opt-out) by going to currently available opt-outs for the web.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
You are entitled to see a copy of the personal information that we have collected online and that we maintain (about you). If you wish to do this, please email us at info@CSNSF.org and insert “access request” as the subject heading. We may charge a small fee to meet our costs in providing you with these details.
You may ask the Company to make changes to the information provided by you and/or held about you, to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. You may also request that the Company ceases from processing your personal information and that it deletes this from its database or records. Please note that it may be impossible to completely delete your information because of back-ups and records of deletions.
We will only perform the activities outlined above to the extent that such activities will not compromise privacy, security or any other legal interests.
CONTACT
All comments, questions and other requests relating to our use of your information should be addressed the customer service at info@CSNSF.org.