https://www.jcarterlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This notice is to inform you, the user, the privacy practices set forth for https://www.jcarterlaw.com/. The privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
This privacy notice will cover the following:
Section I – What information is collected through the use of this website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
Section II – What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
Section III – The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Section IV – How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Section V – Other notices
Cookie Policy
Google Analytics notice
Section I
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We collect personal data through electronic contact forms which you can manually fill out. This data would/ could consist of; name (first and last), email & phone numbers. This data is collected for the purpose of contacting you (at your request) and fulfilling your request, e.g. answering questions or fulfilling an order.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we can not be responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
We also collect information that does not specifically identify you but does identify your activities in the form of cookies for advertising and analytical tracking.
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Section II
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Section III
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
All data collected is done so in a secure manner. The information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. This can be verified by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of our website.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Section IV
If you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone, (309) 807-9210, or email, info@jcarterlaw.com.
Section V
Cookie Policy
By using or accessing https://www.jcarterlaw.com/ you are consenting to our use of Cookies as follows:
This policy helps to explain the occasions when and why Cookies may be sent to visitors to our website. “Cookies” are text-only pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive or other web site-browsing equipment for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow our website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the Cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the Cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Like most websites, we use Cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience, for analytics and for marketing, but specifically we use Cookies on our website for the following purposes.
Analytical Purposes: We use Cookies to analyze use activity in order to improve our website. For example, using Cookies we can look at aggregate patterns like the average number of pages a visitor would view. We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality, content and user experience of our website.
Your preferences: We can use Cookies to store certain user preferences on our website. We could for example store recent searches you have performed in a Cookie so that we can allow you to easily repeat those searches when you return to our website.
Marketing: We use Cookies from third-party partners such as Google and Facebook for marking purposes. These Cookies allow us to display promotional material to you on other sites you visit across the internet.
Google Analytics notice
We use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understand the behavior of our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences.
Contact Carter Law Offices Today
For a free case evaluation to begin your recovery process.
Contact Us Today!