https://www.perfectapology.com/privacy-policy.html#AD
Home
›
Privacy Policy & Advertising Disclosure
Privacy Policy
At PerfectApology.com we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use PerfectApology.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
PerfectApology.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that PerfectApology.com stores on your computer, which your browser provides to PerfectApology.com each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
Statcounter Cookies
Statcounter is an online service which helps us to understand our visitors; for example, how visitors find our website, how long they spend on our site, which web pages they are most interested in etc. We use Statcounter because better understanding how visitors are interacting with our website helps us to improve the content, design and functionality of our site. This allows us to offer a better online experience to our visitors.Statcounter uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on visitors and visitor activity on our website. This data includes:
Time and date of visit (this can help us to identify and plan for busy periods on our website)
IP address (this is a numerical label assigned to a device by an Internet Service Provider to enable the device to access the internet)
Browser and Operating System (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the browsers/operating systems used to access our site)
Device Information e.g. device type and screen size (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the devices used to access our site)
Referring Data e.g. a search engine link (this can help us to understand which search engines are helping visitors to find our website)
Furthermore, when you visit our website a Statcounter cookie (called "is_unique") may be placed in your browser. This cookie is used only to determine whether you are a first-time or returning visitor and to estimate unique visits to the site.You can learn more about cookies from StatCounter and set your browser to refuse same by clicking here.For further details, please see the Statcounter privacy policy.
Google Analytics Cookies
PerfectApology.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy
PerfectApology.com uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on...https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
In addition, you can enable the so-called "Do Not Track" functionality in your browser, which is a standardized way to opt out of tracking by participating analytics services, advertising networks and social platforms. To learn how to enable "Do Not Track" in your browser, please go to http://donottrack.us/.
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.
You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks Click here to do that. You may also view the Google Adsense list of Ad Technology Providers here.
Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.
This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products.
AddThis.com's Sharing Tools
We use AddThis.com's Sharing Tools so that you can share valuable content you may find on the site. Please review their privacy policy and how your data, via their tools, is shared with Oracle .
As a participant in the AddThis.com program, which provides online tools that leverage data to help publishers understand their audiences and drive traffic to their Sites. Your data may be transferred on a global basis. Addthis.com will transfer this data to countries (including the United States) where data protection laws may differ from those in the originating country. Transfers of personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area will be subject to the requirements of the European Union Standard Contractual Clauses. If you do not wish your data to be collected by AddThis.com, you may opt out by visiting optout.aboutads.info or the NAI opt out program.
Social Media
On this website there are links to Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube and Twitter. When you click on them or leave a comment, your browser connects directly with that site and sends information such as your IP address, the date and time of your visit and information about how you use the social site.Should you wish to prevent those platforms from collecting data, please view their individual policies by using the following links:YouTubePinterestInstagram FacebookTwitter
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products/services sold on PerfectApology.com. The affiliate services platforms we use are:
Amazon, Zazzle, ShareASale, Commission Junction and SiteSell. By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform's use of cookies, as outlined in the links below.
Specifically, PerfectApology.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com .
ShareASale privacy policy.
Commission Junction privacy policy.
Zazzle privacy policy.
SiteSell privacy policy.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested. If you choose to refuse PerfectApology.com's cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
PerfectApology.com may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site.
To improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
PerfectApology.com may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
If you submit content to us, we will ask for your name and email address. Photos you include with your submission, or details in your submission, may personally identify you.
If you request to be notified about comments on any content you submit to us, or request to be notified when others submit content, we will require your first name and your email address.
If you purchase a product from us, we will collect your name and email address.
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
We also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
PerfectApology.com contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
Products
If you purchase a product from us, we only collect your name and email address. We use E-junkie as a shopping cart and Paypal to make the sale. Payment processing is not done on PerfectApology.com but by the payment processor. The payment processor (PayPal) will additionally collect your credit card number and address like any e-commerce site. We do not have access to your credit card number or address. Whatever information they may collect, they only remit to us your name and email address. By clicking on a product link and making the purchase, you consent to their use of cookies, as outlined in the links below.
E-Junkie privacy policy and Terms of Service
Paypal privacy policy.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), enacted in 2018, creates new consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses. We have not sold any personal information in the previous 12 months.
Children's Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell PerfectApology.com, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site
is stored on our host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information.If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to download and review that information, click on this link.You can also request to edit or delete any of your information from the servers by clicking on this link.
Search Box:
The search box on this web site ("Search Box") is powered by Google Inc. ("Google"). You acknowledge and agree that Google's privacy policy (located at https://policies.google.com/privacy) shall apply to your use of the Search Box and by using the Search Box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.
Updates and Effective Date
PerfectApology.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to PerfectApology.com's privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Advertising Disclosure
This website is a collaborative website written by a group of individuals. This website may accept forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
We run third party advertisements through Google which are clearly identified as such, as well as several affiliate advertisers and/or sponsors.
The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this website. That content, advertising space or post may not always be identified as paid or sponsored content.
The owner(s) of this website may be compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this website receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.The views and opinions expressed on this website are purely the website's own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question. This website does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.
APOLOGY CENTRAL
How to Apologize
Ways to Apologize
Apology Gifts
Regret and Remorse
ONLINE APOLOGIES
Apology Letters: Friends & Family
Apology Letters: Love & Marriage
Apology Letters to Girlfriends
Apology Letters to Boyfriends
Miscellaneous Apologies & Ideas
The Apology Message Board
POST AN APOLOGY
Post a Short Apology Message
Post a Longer Apology Letter
ALL ABOUT BUSINESS
Business Apologies
Business Apology Letters
Famous & Public Apologies
Medical Apologies
Apology Research
PERFECT APOLOGY
The PA Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Sitemap of Articles
Sitemap of Apology Letters
LIKE, FOLLOW & SUBSCRIBE