https://www.carmel.ac.uk/policies-procedures/attendance-and-absence/
School Leaver Courses 16-18
Carmel University Centre 18+
Home
About Us
Principal’s Welcome
Mission Statement
Ofsted Inspection
HE Provision Inspection
Term Dates
Governance
Job Opportunities
Facilities Hire
Contact Carmel College
How to Find Us
Results & Success
Carmel College Course Pass Rates
ALPS / Value Added
Student Destinations
DfE Performance Tables
Challenge & Support
Student Support & Wellbeing
Progress Monitoring
Careers Guidance
High Achievers
Future Professionals
Work Experience
Additional Learning Support
10:10 Programme
Talented Athlete Scholarship Scheme
Financial Support
Applying
Why Choose Carmel College?
Admissions Information
Your Study Programme
Open Events
Prospectus
Student Transport
Online Application
Frequently Asked Questions
Life at Carmel
Carmel College Facilities
Library & Study Centre
Enrichment
Sport and Recreation
Catholic Ethos
Parents
Information for Parents
Parentmail
Parent Login
Alumni
Former Student News
Policies and Procedures
Attendance and Absence
Equality and Diversity
Safeguarding
The Local Offer
Health and Safety
Privacy Notice
Other College Policies
Eduroam
News
Contact Carmel College
Quick Links
Attendance and Absence
Downloads
Financial Support
Governance
Job Opportunities
Open Events
Carmel College Course Pass Rates
Student Transport
Term Dates
A Level Subjects
col-left
Art – 3D Design
Art – Fashion & Textile Design
Art – Fine Art
Art – Graphic Design
Art – Photography
A Level Biology
A Level Business Studies
A Level Chemistry
A Level Computer Science
A Level Economics
A Level English Language
A Level English Language & Literature
A Level English Literature
A Level Film Studies
A Level French
col-right
A Level Geography
A Level History
A Level Law
A Level Maths
A Level Further Maths
A Level Media Studies
A Level Physical Education
A Level Physics
A Level Politics
A Level Psychology
A Level Philosophy, Ethics & Religion
A Level Sociology
A Level Spanish
A Level Statistics
BTEC & other Level 3 Courses
col-left
BTEC Applied Human Biology
BTEC Applied Science
BTEC Business
BTEC Health & Social Care
BTEC Information Technology
BTEC Performing Arts (Theatre)
BTEC Psychology
BTEC Sport
col-right
Criminology
Extended Project Qualification
UAL Extended Diploma in Creative Practice
Foundation Learning
Foundation Learning Entry Level
Foundation Learning Level 1
School Leavers Further Information
Course Entry Requirements
Your Study Programme
High Achievers
Future Professionals
Work Experience
Enrichment
Carmel University Centre
About Carmel University Centre
Applications
Student Support
HE Provision Inspection
Useful Information
University of Liverpool Degrees
Year Zero Courses
Biological Sciences Degree
University of Liverpool Geography Degree
Chemical Sciences Degree
Mathematical Sciences Degree
Computer Sciences Degree
Medicine, Dentistry & Veterinary Science
Earth Sciences Degree
Physical Sciences Degree
Engineering Degree
University of Liverpool Further Information
University of Liverpool Applications
Student Success
Why Choose Us and the University of Liverpool?
University of Liverpool Accommodation
Open Days
University of Liverpool Useful Contacts
University of Liverpool Student Support
Liverpool Hope Degrees
Foundation Year Programmes
Sport Science Programmes
BA (Hons) Business Management
Evening Degree Courses
BSc Physical Education and Sport Science
Liverpool Hope University Further Information
Liverpool Hope University Applications
Liverpool Hope University Accommodation
Why Choose Us and the Liverpool Hope University?
Liverpool Hope University Useful Contacts
Liverpool Hope University Student Support
UAL Foundation Art Diploma
Course Information
UAL Foundation Art Diploma Applications
Gallery of Work
Carmel University Centre Facilities
Prep for Degree Study : FREE 6 Week Evening Course!
Monitoring Attendance & Punctuality
Regular attendance and good punctuality are essential if students are to attain their full potential.
Personal Achievement Tutors and Subject Tutors keep daily registers and all absences are recorded. Parents will be contacted if tutors feel there is a cause for concern. A text message will be sent to parents/guardians by 5.30pm to notify them of any absences from classes.
Reporting Absences
All absences should be reported to the college each day. We have two ways in which you can let us know about an absence, by SMS or by telephone.
For sickness absences of more than 1 week students are required to provide their Personal Achievement Tutor with a medical certificate. This period of time will be recorded as unauthorised. The number to call is 01744 452200.
By SMS
If we already have your contact details as a parent, simply text the word ‘ABSENT’ to 63666, followed by the reason for the absence. We will then reply to you with a confirmation message to acknowledge your request. There is no cost for this service from us. Your network provider may however charge you at the standard network rate of 1 UK text message and a service access charge depending on your phone plan. Please check with your mobile operator for a full cost breakdown. If you haven’t given your contact details and you would like to sign up for this service, please contact us on 01744 452200 and we will be happy to help. This service is only available from within the UK and is available to registered parents and guardians of students studying at Carmel College.
By phone
You can also contact us by phone to let us know of an absence by contacting us on 01744 452200, selecting option 1.
Authorised Absences
The college will authorise absence for college related activities such as trips, fieldwork, work experience, study leave and examinations.
A limited number of other types of absence are also classified as authorised including university open days, hospital / orthodontist appointments, driving / theory tests, funeral, religious holidays. Students need to provide evidence and an Authorised Absence Form must be completed and signed by the Personal Achievement Tutor.
Routine medical and dental check-ups or driving lessons will not be authorised. Dental and Medical check ups are to be arranged outside of college where possible. Students may use a free period if this is not possible.
Holidays
Holidays in term time will be recorded as unauthorised; such absences are not approved by the college.
Holiday Request Forms are available from Student Services. These should always be completed in advance for holidays during term time.
Term Dates
Policies and Procedures
Eduroam
Other College Policies
The Local Offer
Safeguarding
Equality and Diversity
Attendance and Absence
Health and Safety
Privacy Notice
Downloads
From this page you can download our Prospectus, Course Leaflets, and other useful information.
“
Carmel has enabled me to gain many skills as well as important experiences and my time here has been something I will never forget. My lessons have challenged me and taken me out of my comfort zone, something I am very thankful for.
”
Jocelyn Mathew - Studying BTEC Applied Science, Law, Health & Social Care
“
Being at Carmel has made me more ambitious and excited for my future career. I have learnt never to give up and to always work hard to achieve my goals. Carmel has been an amazing experience and one I’ll never forget.
”
Jess Maudsley - Studying BTEC Science, BTEC Health & Social Care (Double)
“
I have really enjoyed my time at Carmel as there's lots to get involved in. I'm hoping to do a degree in IT when I leave and the teaching and support I've had has prepared me to embrace the challenges of the real world.
”
Thomas Samuel - Studying BTEC IT (Double), BTEC Science
“
I have really enjoyed studying at Carmel. It’s enabled me to make friends for life and develop skills for the future. I have become much more independent but have also been supported in order to achieve my best.
”
Isabel Hamand - Studying Economics, Mathematics, Psychology
“
Carmel has helped me become the person I am today. I’m really grateful to my tutors for helping me become more independent and able to push myself further to achieve my goals. I've also met some great friends and had some moments which I'll never forget!
”
Rio Gill - Studying Business Studies, History, Physical Education
“
The opportunities I've accessed at Carmel have allowed me to discover what I'm passionate about. I'm happy with the support I've had from my tutors and I've found the challenge of my subjects satisfying. I believe I will succeed in the future.
”
Ray Sheridan-Warburton - Studying Biology, Chemistry, English Literature, Maths
“
At Carmel I have enjoyed meeting new people and I’ve become more responsible and independent. The teachers and support staff are very helpful and I’ve also had lots of opportunities to develop new skills.
”
Alex Hackett - Studying Foundation Learning Entry Level
HighAchievers
FutureProfessionals
OpenEvents
CampusMap
News & Events
Former Art Foundation student appears in Vogue Magazine
Starting university this year has been a unique experience for all students. They have had to adapt to a completely different way of learning and…
Read More »
Student wins BAE Systems Tempest Comp
Congratulations to Lower Sixth student, Cameron Poulter, who recently won the BAE Systems ‘Tempest’ competition. BAE Systems is the UK’s largest defence company. It is…
Read More »
Student to share faith around the world
Congratulations to Upper Sixth student, Daniel Canning, who has just secured a place to become a missionary in Australia next October! Daniel studies Maths, Physics…
Read More »
All News & Events
Tweets by CarmelCollege
Downloads
From this page you can download our Prospectus, Course Leaflets, and other useful information.
Facilities Hire
Need facilities for your club, business meeting or event with free car parking on site?