http://www.stalbrights.org/page/33/st-albrights-communication-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
St Albright's Church Safeguarding Policy
St Albright's Communication Policy
St Albright's Media Policy
St Albright's Parental Consent Policy
About Us
About St Albright's
Who's Who and Contact Us
Ladies' Fellowship
About Ladies' Fellowship
Ladies' Fellowship Programme
Pew Bulletin
Newsletter
PCC Minutes
Calendar
Baptism
Weddings
Funerals
Worship
Prayer
Community
Links
Room Hire
Find Us
Pioneer Ministry
We are updating our website design to improve the experience on our site.
Communication Policy
Data Communication consent
Your privacy is important to us, and we want to communicate with you in a way which has your consent, and which is in line with UK law on data protection. As a result of a change in UK law, we now need your consent to how we contact you.
By giving this consent, you are confirming that you are consenting to the Priest in Charge and The PCC of St Albright’s Church, Stanway holding and processing your personal data for the purpose of keeping you informed about news, events, activities and services at St Albright’s.
I consent to the church contacting me by email, telephone or post.
I agree to your holding my details on the following basis:
To keep me informed about news, events, activities and services at St Albright’s (note you can unsubscribe from the church e-bulletin at any time);
To including my details in the St Albright’s database.  (You can find out more about how we use your data from our “Privacy Policy” which is available on our website or from our Priest-in-Charge - vicar@stalbrights.org)
To share my contact details with the Diocese of Chelmsford so they can keep me informed about news, events, activities and services that will be occurring in the diocese and which are directly relevant to me.
Where you do not grant consent we will not be able to use your personal data; (so for example we may not be able to let you know about forthcoming services and events); except in certain limited situations, such as where required to do so by law or to protect members of the public from serious harm.
Consent can be withdrawn or changed at any time by contacting St Albright’s Church, London Road, Stanway, Colchester, CO3 8LT or by emailing Rev. Tony Bushell, our Priest-in-Charge - vicar@stalbrights.org,
Please note that all processing of your personal data will cease once you have withdrawn consent, other than where this is required by law, but this will not affect any personal data that has already been processed prior to this point.