http://www.umhef.org/accessibility-policy
Skip to Content
800-811-8110
Make a difference: DONATE NOW
Who We Are
UMHEF Partners
UM Schools
Board of Trustees
Our Leadership and Staff
Job Openings at UMHEF
Scholarships
Dollars for Scholars
General Named Endowed Scholarships
Other Scholarships
How to Apply
Resources
Forms
Scholar Updates
Media Resources
FAQs
Ways to Give
Individuals
Aldersgate Society
Churches
Schools and Conferences
Endowments
Give Now
UMHEF Homecoming: Virtual Celebration
Stories
Contact
MENU
SEARCH
Call
Accessibility Policy
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation is committed to making our website accessible to all visitors, as well as compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 508 accessibility standards. Accessible Web design provides benefits to individuals using assistive technology, users with text-based browsers, low-end processors, slow modem connections or users who do not have state-of-the-art computer equipment.
If you use assistive technology (such as a Braille reader, a screen reader, TTY, etc.) and the format of any of our website material interferes with your ability to access the information, please contact Teresa Tysinger at  ttysinger@umhef.org or 615-649-3975 to be provided with further assistance.
To enable us to respond in a manner most helpful to you, please
indicate the nature of your accessibility problem, the preferred format in which
to receive the material, the web address of the requested material and your
contact information.
For more information about website accessibility, we recommend
the below websites.
Section508.govW3C Accessibility Page
PDF Documents
We recommend downloading the latest version of the free Adobe Reader to view PDF files.
Version 7.0 and higher of this software provides a number of features that
improve access for users. For further information, please visit the Adobe website.
umhef@umhef.org
P.O. Box 340005
Nashville, TN 37203-0005
615-649-3990
800-811-8110 toll free
Board of TrusteesLogin
©2020 UMHEF. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Policy |
Privacy Policy
Site by KMA.
To continue using our website, you must agree to our use of cookies. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.