http://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
Skip to content
The Latest Resolution Center Updates From JAMS
LEARN MORE
×
Submit a Case
Find a Neutral
Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution			EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks
Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution
JAMS Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks
JAMS is available to serve as your organization’s designated ADR provider and to assist in resolving disputes under U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC)-administered Privacy Shield Frameworks self-certification privacy compliance programs, up to the point of any final arbitration invoked in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and/or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. With a panel of over 400 neutrals around the world, JAMS specializes in resolving disputes of all sizes and levels of complexity and our neutrals have significant experience resolving issues involving privacy.
What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks?
The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) and the European Commission and Swiss Government to provide organizations on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with EU and Swiss data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union (EU) to the United States and from Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic trade. On July 12, 2016 the European Commission announced the approval of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, as a valid mechanism to comply with EU data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the EU to the United States. And, on January 12, 2017 the Swiss government announced the approval of the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a valid mechanism to comply with Swiss data protection requirements when transferring personal data from Switzerland to the United States.
The Privacy Shield Frameworks, which are administered by the International Trade Administration (ITA) within the U.S. Department of Commerce, enable U.S.-based organizations to join said programs in order to benefit from the recognition of the validity of these transfer mechanisms on the basis that these ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data transferred to participating U.S.-based organizations. To join the Privacy Shield frameworks administered by the DOC, a U.S.-based organization will be required to self-certify to the DOC and publicly commit to comply with the respective Frameworks’ requirements. While joining either of these DOC-administered programs is voluntary, once an eligible organization makes the public commitment to comply with the respective Frameworks’ requirements, the commitment will become enforceable under U.S. law. All organizations interested in joining one or both of these DOC-administered programs should review the requirements in their entirety. The DOC’s Privacy Shield website provides useful information regarding the benefits and requirements of participation in these programs. U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield Frameworks Website
Requirements for System of Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
U.S.-based organizations that self-certify their compliance under the Privacy Shield Frameworks must, amongst other things, provide readily available recourse mechanisms available to investigate unresolved complaints, including a system of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) by an independent third party. The independent recourse mechanisms must be in place prior to self-certification, and must be available at no cost to the individual. Although organizations self-certifying under either Privacy Shield Framework may utilize private sector developed dispute resolution programs for most categories of personal data covered under their self-certifications, those organizations covering human resources data (i.e., personal information about employees, past or present, collected in the context of the employment relationship) transferred from the EU or Switzerland must agree to cooperate and comply with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner respectively with regard to such data. Connect with us to learn more about JAMS serving as your organization's designatired ADR provider.
Mediation Rules
Mediations will be conducted pursuant to JAMS International Mediation Rules unless the parties have specified a different set of Rules or Procedures. Download the JAMS International Mediation Rules.
Fees
JAMS DOES NOT charge any fees for an organization to name it as an ADR provider. If an organization names JAMS as its ADR provider under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, we request that you notify JAMS by completing this registration form.
When a consumer initiates a mediation or an arbitration against an organization (whether under JAMS Rules or another set of rules) all fees for the mediation, including the JAMS Case Management Fee, must be borne by the Organization. The fee arrangement is common to all Privacy Shield cases for the European Union and Switzerland. For any other matters, standard JAMS policies apply. Download the JAMS Privacy Shield Fee Schedule.
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, please register using the link below.
JAMS EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Registration
Preview Registration Form (PDF)
Customer URL
The URL you will need to provide to your customers to open an EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield case is: https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
File a Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or a Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield case, please file a claim using the link below.
File a Claim with JAMS
Additional Resources
Questions/Contact
If you have any additional questions you may contact our Privacy Shield coordinator via email.
Mara Satterthwaite, msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Privacy Shield Core Documents
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework - Adequacy Decision
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework - Annexes
U.S. Department of Commerce - Privacy Shield Full Text
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield program or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield program, please register using the link below.
Online Registration
›
Preview Registration Form (PDF)
›
File a Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield case, please file a claim using the link below.
File a Claim with JAMS
›
Contact Information
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
JAMS
3800 Howard Hughes Parkway, 11th Floor
Las Vegas, NV 89169
THANK YOU!
Your case information has been submitted and a JAMS professional will respond shortly.
CLOSE THIS WINDOW
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
News
Contact Us
Events
Submit a Case
Disclaimer
This website is not a solicitation for business. All content on the JAMS website is intended to provide general information about JAMS and an opportunity for interested persons to contact JAMS. The content of this website is not offered as legal advice or legal opinion and it should not be relied upon for any specific situation.  JAMS neutrals are not engaged in the practice of law and no attorney client relationship is intended.  This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of JAMS services. While JAMS endeavors to keep the information updated and correct, JAMS makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, or reliability of the information contained in this website. SEE MORE
Disclaimer   |   Consumer Case Information    |   Neutrality   |   CCPA Compliance
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright 2020 JAMS. All Rights Reserved
800.352.5267
Loading... Please wait