http://www.murray.anglican.org/privacy
Home
About Us
Our Diocese
Our Bishop
Our History
Our Mission
Our Crest
Our Logo
Invest With Us
Vacancies
The Bishop
Sermons
Blog
Vlog
Papers
Other Documents
Parishes
Parishes
Parish Tools
Synod
Safe Ministry Requirements
Ordinances
Regulations
Privacy Policy
WHS Policies and Procedures
The Constitution
Diocesan Council
Diocesan Cemeteries
Parish Portal
Financial Portal
Pastoral District Portal
Resources
COVID-19
Discover Jesus
Links
Prayer Resources
Music Resources
Spirituality Resources
Ignite Growth
Families Equip
Blue Knot Day
Change The Capital
Shofar
Daily Bible Readings
Lent and Easter
Documents and Letters
National Church
Photo Galleries
Pilgrimage to the Holy Land
St Nicholas, Beachport
Consecration and Enthronement of the Fifth Bishop of The Murray
News & Events
News
Events
Diary Dates
The Month at a Glance
The Murray Anglican
Diocesan Council Updates
Contact
Privacy Policy
Diocese of The Murray Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from murray.anglican.org (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you contact us via any form on the Site, or make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we may and do collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Order and Contact Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order and Contact Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order and Contact Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order and Contact Information to:
- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example,
we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Australia, Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you contact us or place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order and Contact Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at registry@murray.anglican.org or by mail using the details provided below:
===
Errors & Omissions Excepted
Diocese of The Murray shall not be liable on any basis whatsoever for any loss, including property and personal loss or consequential loss.
Limitation of Liability
Diocese of The Murray, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, service providers, content providers, employees, agents, officers and directors will not be liable for any incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages, including loss of revenue or income, pain and suffering, emotional distress or similar damages, even if Diocese of The Murray has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will the collective liability of Diocese of The Murray and its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, service providers, content providers, employees, agent, officers, and directors to any party (regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the greater of $100 or the amount you have paid to Diocese of The Murray for the applicable content, product or service out of which liability arose.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold Diocese of The Murray, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, content providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and contractors (hereinafter known as the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any breach of these Terms of Use by you, including any use of Content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use. You agree that the Indemnified Parties will have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you agree to indemnify any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorney’s fees of the Indemnified Parties in connection therewith. You will also indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the information accessed from this site.
© 2020 All Content Copyright Diocese of The Murray
|
Privacy |
Terms & Conditions |
Sitemap |
Website Design & Local SEO by GSLD
Contact Us
Diocesan Registry
Diocese of The Murray
Post: PO Box 394, Murray Bridge, SA 5253
Address: 4 Clara Street, Murray Bridge
Tel: +61 8 8532 2270
Fax: +61 8 8532 5760
Email: registry@murray.anglican.org
Contact Page, Map & Enquiry Form
Site Search
Enter a search term:
Search
Please Wait, Processing Submission.
Do not refresh or leave this page until loading complete.
Please Wait, Processing Submission.
Do not refresh or leave this page until loading complete.