http://www.pastorswives.org/practical_help_for_ministers_wives/cooking_for_a_crowd
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Feeding a Large Group Quantity Calculations for Large Groups of People Hors d'oeuvres/appetizers: 6 bites per person before a mealThe longer your party and the larger your guest list, the greater the number of selections you should offerEstimate 10-12 items total per person when only appetizers are being served, such as at an Open House. Main Entree:6 ounces protein (main dish serving) per person if serving just one meat selection8 ounces protein (main dish serving) per person if serving more than one meat selection, such as beef and chicken or hot dogs and hamburgers.Take bones into account and add more weight if necessary.Side dishes: 3 side dishes recommended (2 savory, 1 sweet) with different textures (smooth, crunchy) and varying colors (greens, browns). Side DishesAmounts given below are "per person". 1 cup savory side per person1/2 cup sweet side per person (apple sauce, cranberry sauce, etc.)Rice, grains - 1.5 ounces as a side dishPotatoes - 5 ounces Vegetables - 4 ounces Beans - 2 ounces as a side dish Pasta - 2 ounces for a side dish, 3 ounces for a first course, 4 ounces for a main dish Green Salad - 1 ounce undressed weightWith a premixed salad, estimate one handful person. One head of lettuce will feed about 5 people, taking into account different sizes--four medium heads will serve 15-20Beverages:Coffee-Use 1 pound of coffee for 50 8 ounce servings.Tea- Use 1 cup of Tea Leaves for 50 8 ounce servings.Cream for Coffee- 1 pint for 25 servings.On the average, expect guests to drink 2 drinks or servings of a nonalcoholic beverage the first hour and 1 each hour thereafter. Remember, people drink more when the weather is warm.Desserts:Calculate one full portion of dessert per personFor multiple desserts, people will taste smaller portions of more items. A cake that serves 10 will yield 15 portions if you're also serving a creamy dessert2-3 scoops of ice cream, yogurt or sorbet per person3-4 mini-pastries per person, 2-3 pieces of fruit per person2-3 thin slices of cake or pie per person1 slice cake, tart or pastry per person4 ounces creamy dessert such as pudding or mousse per person5 ounces ice cream per personMenu planning tipsDon't repeat a main ingredient. For example, don't serve a shrimp appetizer and shrimp main dish. One 9x12 pan will feed 10-12 people a main dishConsider the colors of the food that will be served together and make sure there is variety. Offer both hot and cold foods on a buffet. Mix textures of side dishes, such as a crisp or crunchy item served with a soft vegetable, like mashed potatoes.Remember-- 8 oz. = 1 cup measurementAlways round up your estimates, don't round them down. Anticipate which food selections will be most popular and serve more of them than the general portion guidelines suggest. For example, shellfish appetizers are always popular, so serve as much as your budget allows.The more choices you offer, the smaller your calculation of individual portion size should be. That said, you can assume your guests will taste everything on a buffet, but the tastes will be small. However, overall consumption per individual will be greater than if there were fewer choices. Add "bulk" items
to your menu. For a sit-down dinner have plenty of bread to fill in any hungry spots. When hosting an Open House, nuts, olives, pretzels, etc. provide a little extra security that you'll have enough for all but requires no extra work.Choose foods that taste good at room temperature unless you have the use of chaffing dishes or servers standing by to refill hot dishes. One thing all buffet food must have in common, though, is that it must be easy to get from plate to mouth and not require much in the way of cutting.Unless you're planning a formal sit-down buffet with properly set tables, chances are good that your guests are going to be doing a bit of lap juggling. Think bite-size fork food. (Tough meats and long, unwieldy strands of pasta are out.)
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services