https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/our-campaign/help-advice-support-faqs/
Join the online forum
Like our Facebook page
Donate to our campaign
Contact your MP
Place this poster at your local library
Menu
Our Campaign
Fathers’ Rights: Help, Advice & Support
Our Mission
Our Campaigns
Case Studies
Our 10 Point Blueprint for Family Law
Contact Your MP
F4J Visual Archive
Missing Children Wall
About F4J
Our Story
Campaign FAQ’s
Fact Sheet
Latest News
Blog
Donate
Forum
Login
Shop
Contact
Join
We Are Fathers4Justice – The Official Campaign Organisation
» Our Campaign » Fathers’ Rights: Help, Advice & Support
“Without F4J I might never have seen my son again.”
Ben A, Dad, Manchester
The UK’s leading Fathers’ Rights Advocates
Fathers4Justice (F4J) is the UK’s leading fathers’ rights and shared parenting campaign group with over 18 years experience providing expert help, support and advice for thousands of fathers, grandparents and other family members going through the family courts, as well as winning shared and sole residency for countless dads. We are fathers who have been through the system and won.
If you’ve got a problem seeing your children, we can help.
How we can help you
There are no quick answers or easy solutions, but we understand how process works and we can move your case forward.
We will help you talk things through and explore your options.
We will give you independent, confidential advice on your case.
We will help you save thousands in solicitor’s costs.
We offer expert advice on the following areas: Fathers’ Rights; Mediation; Parenting Plans; Child Arrangement Orders; Liaising with Social Services, Cafcass and Family Court Advisors; Shared Residency; Prohibited Steps Orders; False Allegations; Court Hearings; Finding Of Fact Hearings; Appeals; McKenzie Friend Service; Advocacy; Parental Alienation; Abduction & Emergency Child Recovery; Leave To Remove Cases; Police Involvement; Multi-Faith Cases; Rights of Audience; Management of Contact Handovers; International Cases across different jurisdictions.
Choose the level of support you need
We offer various levels of support to suit your needs and finances, from our online help forum, to full case management including court and telephone support. All support is subject to our terms & conditions (see end of leaflet). See which plan suits your needs:
PLAN 1) F4J HELP FORUM £30
Our private on-line help forum offers invaluable help, support and advice from other fathers, parents, relatives and the F4J team about the family courts and fathers’ rights. Share your concerns and problems with people in the same situation as you. A year’s subscription to our online forum is £30.00. To register visit https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/forum-registration/registration/
PLAN 2) TELEPHONE CONSULTATION £100
A confidential telephone consultation with one of our experienced caseworkers who will give you expert, help, support and advice on your case and all issues, including the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and how this might disrupt child contact arrangements and court hearings. To book a telephone consultation visit https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/forum-registration/registration/
PLAN 3) CASE ASSESSMENT
If your case is in difficulty, you may need a Fathers4Justice caseworker. With unrivalled, expert knowledge of the family justice system, they will conduct a detailed assessment of your case including a full telephone consultation, detailed review of all court orders, reports and documents and provide a written summary and action list. Caseworkers are available on a first come, first served basis. To book a case worker assessment visit https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/forum-registration/registration/
PLAN 4) CASE MANAGEMENT PLAN
If your case is in difficulty, you may need F4J to manage this for you. One of our experienced caseworkers will conduct a detailed assessment of your case and manage all aspects of your case for you. Availability is on a first come, first served basis. To check availability and fees, email office@fathers-4-justice.org
PLAN 5) CASE MANAGEMENT PLUS (INCL COURT SUPPORT)
If your case is in difficulty, and you need a complete support package and someone to attend court with you, ask for Case Management Plus. One of our experienced caseworkers will conduct a detailed assessment of your case, manage all aspects of your case for you and attend court with you. Availability is on a first come, first served basis. To check availability and fees, email office@fathers-4-justice.org
PLAN 6) McKENZIE FRIEND SERVICE
If you need somebody to attend court with you, we offer experienced and skilful McKenzie Friends and advocates who can provide expert help, support and advice both outside and inside court on the day of your hearing. To check availability and fees, email office@fathers-4-justice.org
Save £1000s by using Fathers4Justice
We want your case to be resolved as quickly, economically, and successfully as possible, yet too many dads are left with unaffordable solicitor’s bills and huge debts, with little or nothing to show at the end of the process. By using Fathers4Justice not only will you receive independent, meaningful support that goes over and beyond normal legal advice, but you will save thousands in legal costs.
Solicitors: Average case spend £20,000 – £30,000
Fathers4Justice: Average case spend £30 – £2,000
Frequently Asked Questions
Is there a free service or helpline I can use?
Because we are in court most days, and because of limited resources and the high volume of enquiries we receive, all emails are responded to by way of an automatic email detailing our services. Regrettably we are unable to respond to all individual enquiries. F4J is also not a charity and receives no government funding. We rely entirely on your donations to fund our campaign for fathers’ rights. However, our long-term aim is to secure funding for a 24/7 free lifeline and help service within the next few years.
What sort of advice do I receive?
We provide personal support and advice based on our unrivalled experience of the family justice system over the last 18 years. We are fathers who have been through the system and won. Whilst there are no easy solutions, our unrivalled track record is one of successfully assisting fathers, grandparents and other relatives re-establish relationships with their children and grandchildren.
Can I speak to somebody about getting quick advice?
There are no quick, easy solutions to family law cases. We offer telephone consultations and detailed assessments of your case by experienced caseworkers who will review the information provided and give you informed advice.
Are there any useful tips before I start my case?
Knowledge is power. Use www.fathers-4-justice.org as your one-stop library for information on how to represent yourself in court with our support.
What are the common pitfalls?
Most fathers – us included – have learnt the hard way. Do not take the advice of solicitors at face value. They will omit to tell you that the family justice system is broken and that up to 50% of court orders are flouted with impunity. Only Fathers4Justice can give you independent advice on the legal system and how to win your case.
Can you help with multi-faith cases?
There has been a significant increase in the number of multi-faith cases in recent years. In addition to work with parents from a variety of religious and cultural backgrounds, we have extensive experience in cases involving Muslim fathers experiencing contact problems. If you need help with your case email office@fathers-4-justice.org
Can you help with international cases?
We have extensive experience working on international cases in different jurisdictions around the world. If you need help with an international case email office@fathers-4-justice.org
My child has been taken to another part of the UK, what can I do?
If you fear your child may be removed from their home to another part of the UK, or abroard, please contact us immediately at office@fathers-4-justice.org so we can advise on how to prevent this. If your child has recently been relocated to another part of the UK without your consent and there are no children’s proceedings, we can assist in the lawful recovery of the child provided you have Parental Responsibility. This is subject to an assessment of your case and the length of time the child has been relocated. Fathers4Justice have successfully advised fathers in the recovery of their children in emergency cases where the child has been removed and we have secured Residency Orders for these children. We also advise on how to manage the Police and authorities in these instances. For further information and costs, email office@fathers-4-justice.org
Should I use a solicitor and how do your costs compare?
Firstly, we do not recommend the use of solicitors in children’s proceedings. Solicitors do not generally support parental equality for fathers or shared parenting and often fail to disclose the reality of our broken, dysfunctional court system to dads. Many are left to rack up unaffordable legal bills with little or nothing to show at the end of the process.
Secondly, solicitors represent both mums and dads – denying fathers access to their kids in some cases – whilst exploiting vulnerable fathers desperate to see their children in others. In effect, solicitors are both ‘gamekeeper’ and ‘poacher’. Thirdly, solicitors are part of the legal system and have a vested commercial interest in long, protracted, transactional legal cases and have little empathy with separated fathers. Too often, F4J is left to pick up the broken pieces of cases managed by solicitors.
F4J offers an independent service based on the experience of thousands of fathers and other relatives who have been through the family justice system since our foundation in 2001. We tell you as it is, not how the government and family lawyers would like you to believe it is. Our costs are a fraction of those charged by solicitors, which in an average case can quickly amount to £20,000-£30,000. We want your case to be resolved as quickly, economically and successfully as possible.
“At F4J I got the best advice anyone could give.”
Stephen C, Dad, Peterborough
What does Fathers4Justice campaign for?
We campaign for fathers’ rights including automatic parental responsibility for dads and a legal presumption of 50/50 shared parenting and child support rights, as well as giving grandparents access rights to their grandchildren. We believe that the best parent for a child is both parents. We also campaign on men’s health issues, such as male suicide.
To find out more about Fathers4Justice follow us on social media:
Web Site: https://www.fathers-4-justice.org
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/Fathers4Justice
Twitter: https://twitter.com/F4JOfficial
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/F4JOfficial/
YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/wearefathers4justice
About Fathers4Justice & Fathers’ Rights
Fathers4Justice is the UK’s largest shared parenting and fathers’ rights campaign group with over 80,000 registered families in the UK and Ireland. F4J is the third highest supported campaign group, in the UK, after Greenpeace and Amnesty International.
In 2013, Fathers4Justice Early Day Motion 210, which backed fathers’ rights, won the support of 104 MPs from all parties. In 2017, the F4J “Forgotten Fathers” campaign in Scotland won cross-party support from MSPs in the Scottish Parliament. F4J campaigns for 50/50 shared parenting and parental equality, family law reform, and on related men’s health issues, including male suicide and depression with the #SOSManDown campaign.
Read our FAQ’s here: https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/about-f4j/campaign-faqs/
Read the Fathers4Justice story here: https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/about-f4j/our-story/
Read the latest Fathers4Justice news here: https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/category/latest-news/
Read about our #SOSManDown Campaign here: https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/2017/11/fathers4justice-launches-sosmandown-campaign-international-mens-day/
Show your support
Join the online forum
Like our Facebook page
Donate to our campaign
Contact your MP
Place this poster at your local library
Latest F4J News on Facebook Like us on Facebook to show your support
Fathers 4 Justice - The Official Campaign Organisation
F4J On Twitter
F4J XMAS HELP NOTICE: Please note Telephone Consultations are now booking from 4/1/21. There is limited availabilit… https://t.co/fJ3RoKg1ff, 15 hours agoFAMILY COURTS MELTDOWN: #Cafcass ‘leaving’ private law cases where no safeguarding concerns due to #COVID19 + famil… https://t.co/V5LJLZQcUp, 23 hours agoMum convicted of murdering toddler after scalding her with hot water https://t.co/sLXm3ZOJ2h, Dec 8
WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACYWe use technology such as cookies on our site to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic. By clicking below you consent to the use of non-essential cookies on our site. For further information on the use of cookies and how you can manage your preferences, please see our website privacy and cookies policy.I ACCEPT
SUBSCRIBESubscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date with the latest help and campaign information from Fathers4Justice.
By typing in your email address and clicking submit you are consenting to receive information from Fathers4Justice. You may revoke your consent at any time. Please see our Privacy Policy for how to manage your consent and for information on how we process your personal information.NO THANK YOUSIGN ME UP!
Thank you for subscribing!X