https://www.waterburyymca.org/privacy-policy
GREATER WATERBURY YMCA
Skip Navigation
Schedule
Contact
Employment
Registration
203.754.9622
Menu
Programs
Programs
YOUTH PROGRAMS
School Readiness
School Age Child Care
Sports & Leadership
Berkeley Community Center
Aquatics
Barracudas Swim Team
Race 4 Chase
Forms
ADULT PROGRAMS
Active Older Adults
Healthy Living Programs
Adult Aquatics
Personal Training
Triathlon Club
Group Fitness
Y Online Videos
FAMILY PROGRAMS
Family Fitness & Fun
Healthy Weight and Your Child
Schedule
Camps
Camps
YMCA Camp Mataucha
YMCA Camp Oakasha
Support the Y
Support the Y
Make a Gift to the Y
Ways to Volunteer
Membership
Membership
Become a Member
Member Policies & Information
Nationwide Membership
Open Doors Program
YMCA ChildWatch
Membership Forms
Reopening Information
About
About
Board of Directors
Annual Report
Community Partners
Our Staff
News
Contact
Employment
Registration
Menu
Privacy Policy
Greater Waterbury YMCA Privacy Policy
We have adopted and implemented this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to protecting your personal information from misuse.  The YMCA collects both personal information and aggregated information on its websites (collectively, the "Websites"):
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Websites and usage details.
Personal Information
You do not have to provide personal information to use our Website.  However, particular services provided through the Website require that you furnish personal information.  We collect personal information only when you provide it to us, for example, in registering for camps; pledging support through Annual Support (online giving); registering information about membership or volunteering at the Greater Waterbury YMCA; purchasing items from our online stores; and when taking part in promotional opportunities or registering for general information on programs and services.  You may be asked to provide your contact information (such as your name, address, telephone numbers, and/or email address), and demographic information (such as your zip code, location, or age) in connection with your use of such service.
Contact information is used to respond to your inquiries; to notify you in connection with your request for services; register you for programs or services; include you in our communications to members; or contact you with regards to your inquiries from our Website.  You also may receive periodic mailings (direct or via email) about our services, updates to our Website, or upcoming events.  You may opt out of having your contact information as part of our mailing list at any time. To opt out of any YMCA communications, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any YMCA email or contact Angie Matthis
Other Information
We use IP addresses to calculate website usage levels, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our site.  Whenever you are on the Internet, a number (an IP address) is automatically assigned to your computer.  This number is identified and logged automatically whenever you visit our Website.  Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet, and is done automatically by most websites.
Disclosure of Information
We may also disclose personal information, if we believe that we are required to do so by law, to comply with legal process or governmental requests, to enforce the YMCA Code of Conduct, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the YMCA, its users, or the public.
The personally identifiable information that the YMCA collects from you when you pledge your support to the Greater Waterbury YMCA includes: your name, address, email, phone number, and credit card information, when you provide it.  The information is used to provide you with a receipt for your gift and to bill your credit card when applicable.  We use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the integrity of all information collected.
In order to improve our services to you, we may ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party.  Individual survey answers are confidential, although non-personally identifiable information is collected and may be disclosed to third parties.  If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
If you contact the YMCA or our customer service representatives by telephone, email or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments.  If you report a problem with our Website, we may collect such information in a file specific to you.  If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and other information in order to send you a reply.
We do not currently display advertisements on our site.  However, should we at some point decide to allow advertising on our Website, we will update this Privacy Policy to reflect that change.  The YMCA expressly reserves the right to track customers’ traffic patterns throughout their online session, including which pages, information and advertisements a customer views while using the site.  We may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our site, and to gather demographic information.  We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our site.
We do not sell, trade, or license your information to others without your consent.  If a customer does not pay us for services ordered, we may submit their account information to a third party collection agency.  Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, without your consent, the YMCA does not disclose its customers’ personally identifiable information to other merchants.
The information collected by or for the YMCA may be provided to an outside company for the purpose of analysis.  This analysis is to help us to improve our Website, services selection, and to notify you of special offers that may be of interest to you.  That data analysis agent may not share any personal information with others, or use it for any other purpose than to help the YMCA.  We utilize third party vendors to track cookies’ identification numbers and internal website tracking features to create statistics about our customers and visitors, traffic patterns, and related site information.
We encourage you to check and promptly update your information if it changes at the Y.  You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we “back up” the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases.  As a result, you should not expect that all personal information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
Children Under the Age of 13
You must be at least 13-years-old to have our permission to use this site.  Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 13 years of age.  Users between the ages of 13 and 18 have our permission to browse our Website, however these user’s cannot order services or participate in any offers on the Website, or disclose any personally identifiable information without the contemporaneous consent of a parent or guardian.  If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please call (203) 754-YMCA.
When you use our Website we store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate your use of our Website.  A cookie is a small text file, which a website stores on your computer's hard drive (if your browser setting permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to the YMCA and customize your experience.  The cookies make your use of the site easier, make the site run more smoothly, and help us to maintain a secure site.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact the Greater Waterbury YMCA:
Greater Waterbury YMCA
Attn: Marketing and Communications Department
136 West Main Street
Waterbury, CT 06702
This Privacy Policy was last changed on Monday, June 18, 2018.   If the YMCA makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.  The Greater Waterbury YMCA reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we inform you otherwise.
Contact Us
136 West Main Street, Waterbury, CT 06702
203.754.9622
FACILITY Hours
Monday – Thursday:                      5:00 AM – 8:00 PM
Friday:                                      5:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday:
6:00 AM – 2:00 PM
Sunday:
7:30 AM - 12:30 PM
Mission
To provide programs that develop a healthy spirit, mind and body for all. Serving Waterbury, Watertown, Woodbury, Middlebury, Prospect, Thomaston, Southbury, Bethlehem & Wolcott.
STAY IN TOUCH
Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.
Sign Up
Connect With Us
Copyright © 2020 Greater Waterbury YMCA.All Rights Reserved. Site designed by WORX.
Privacy Policy |  Terms & Conditions