http://www.duwellaw.com/privacy-policy/
Due to COVID-19 our firm is equipped so we can work virtually as necessary. We can respond to all of your legal questions, and handle all of your legal needs without the need for a face-to-face meeting.
×
Strong Legal Guidance
For Employees & Businesses
SCHEDULE A CONSULTATION
Privacy Policy
At www.DuwelLaw.com we respect and protect your privacy. Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits. We are committed to providing you the best possible online service and experience. The purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you a complete description of what we collect, how we use that information, and how you can access or correct your information.What information does DuwelLaw.com collect, and how is it used?When you visit the www.DuwelLaw.com site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes which pages are visited and any feedback from our visitors. We then aggregate this information with other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible.On some pages, you can make requests to receive additional information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:First and last nameOrganizationTitleE-mail addressPhone numberThe Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when requesting information only to send you that information and to use it internally for statistical reasons. We do not share this information with outside parties.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending us an email with your name.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.OtherBy using the www.DuwelLaw.com Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by www.DuwelLaw.com as described in this policy. Any legal disclaimer statements (i.e. terms and conditions, etc.) on our Web site and in our software do not negate the promises made in the privacy policy.Duwel Law fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about members who we believe are in violation of our content guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.Duwel law wants you to be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party Web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Duwel Law cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.We welcome comments and questions. Please contact us.