http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/02.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
February 1994
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor-in-Chief: Professor Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law
School, 57 Worth Street, New York, N.Y. 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003.
212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributors to this issue:
Paula L. Ettelbrick, Public Policy Director, National Center for
Lesbian Rights and Adjunct Professor, NY Law School; Kenneth
Rutman, Adjunct Professor, New York Law School; Steven Kolodny,
Esq.; Barnaby Millard, Esq.; Kevin Isom, Esq.; Todd V. Lamb,
Student, NY Law School; Angela Thompson, Student, Brooklyn Law
School.
COWARDLY TEXAS HIGH COURT BLOWS OFF SODOMY CHALLENGE
Voting 5-4, the Texas Supreme Court ruled Jan. 12 in State v.
Morales, 1994 WL 6714, that it lacked jurisdiction to rule on a
pending constitutional challenge to the state's sodomy law, Penal
Code sec. 21.06, which penalizes only same-sex sodomy.
Justice
Bob Gammage wrote a sharply worded dissent for himself and Chief
Justice Thomas Phillips, Justices Lloyd Doggett and Rose Spector,
accusing the court of "shirking its equitable duty to provide a
remedy for a wrong. . . [by allowing] the State to insulate its
laws from judicial scrutiny."
Three of the five justices in the
majority are up for re-election this year.
State v. Morales is a test case, brought in the district court in
Austin as a class action attack on the state's misdemeanor sodomy
law.
Texas has a bifurcated judicial system, with separate civil
and criminal courts, culminating in a Supreme Court for civil
matters and a Court of Criminal Appeals for criminal matters.
Although the state contested jurisdiction of this action on the
civil equity side in district court, arguing that only the
criminal courts in the context of an actual prosecution had
jurisdiction to determine the constitutionality of the state's
sodomy law, both the district and intermediate appeals courts
rejected this argument, finding that recent decisions of the
Supreme Court had afforded equity relief in cases where personal
or property rights were endangered by an unconstitutional penal
statute and review on the criminal side was unlikely.
See 826
S.W.2d 201.
Since the state conceded from the outset that it was
not interested in prosecuting consensual same-sex sodomy between
adults in private, it was unlikely that the issue of the sodomy
law's constitutionality would ever come before the criminal
courts in an actual prosecution for consensual sodomy.
Thus, the
courts below found that they had jurisdiction because the
plaintiffs otherwise would have no remedy, and ruled that the
sodomy law violated the state constitution.
The Supreme Court, in an opinion by Justice John Cornyn, joined
by Justices Raul Gonzalez, Jack Hightower, Nathan Hecht, and
Craig Enoch, claimed that the lower courts had misconstrued its
recent precedents.
The court insisted that in no recent case had
an equity court asserted jurisdiction to make a "naked"
declaration on the constitutionality of a statute.
Rather, in
each case, the plaintiffs had shown either that enforcement
against them of a potentially unconstitutional statute was
imminent, or the plaintiffs were not seeking a declaration of
unconstitutionality of a statute, but rather an injunction
against a particular body whose pending enforcement of a statute
against the plaintiff would cause irreparable injury to the
plaintiff's personal or property rights.
"An injunction will not
issue unless it is shown that the respondent will engage in the
activity enjoined," wrote Cornyn. "As we have already noted,
there is no allegation that absent an injunction prohibiting
enforcement of 21.06, that the statute will be enforced."
The
court reversed the decision of the court of appeals holding the
statute unconstitutional, and remanded to the district court with
instructions to "dismiss for want of jurisdiction."
In his dissent, Justice Gammage sharply disputed the court's
narrow construction of its leading recent precedent on equity
jurisdiction, Passel v. Fort Worth Independent School District,
440 S.W.2d 61 (Tex. 1969), in which the court had enjoined school
officials from forbidding students from attending school unless
the students disclaimed all membership or participation in
certain student clubs that the school officials found
objectionable.
In that case, according to Gammage, the court had
abandoned its long-standing precedent that civil equity would
only enjoin the operation of a criminal statute where irreparable
injury to property rights was in question, and ruled that equity
could also enjoin operation of a criminal statute where personal
rights were at stake "because the plaintiffs had no way to test
the penal statute because no prosecutions were threatened or even
contemplated."
Gammage argued that this test case fit neatly
into the Passel precedent's scope.
Indeed, in this case, the
plaintiffs had demonstrated harms flowing from the mere existence
of the statute, in contexts where their stigmatization as
"criminals" was held against them in the context of employment
and family law cases.
"Under the court's analysis," charged Gammage, "the State may
adopt all manner of criminal laws affecting the civil or personal
rights of any number of citizens, and by declining to prosecute
under them, ensure that no court ever reviews them.
Declining to
even consider the merits of the pleas for equitable relief before
us today could have an impact far beyond the class of citizens to
any individual or group of citizens who seek equitable relief
under the Texas Constitution, because of an unenforced Texas
criminal statute, for the alleged deprivation of any personal
liberty or civil right which does not also involve what the court
may perceive as an adequate vested property interest."
Where does this leave the Texas sodomy law?
The Texas Supreme
Court's ruling does not go to the merits, so it is not a holding
that the law is valid, although it reverses the court of appeals'
ruling in this case that the law is invalid.
The Supreme Court
previously denied review in City of Dallas v. England, 846 S.W.2d
957 (Tex.App.--Austin 1993), in which the court of appeals held
that the Dallas police department could not deny employment to a
lesbian applicant on the basis of the sodomy law, because the
sodomy law was unconstitutional as applied to private, consensual
behavior.
The Texas Supreme Court denied the city's petition for
review in England because the city failed first to file a motion
for rehearing in the court of appeals, apparently a
jurisdictional prerequisite. (See Morales, fn5.)
Thus, the
denial of review in England was not a ruling on the merits by the
Texas Supreme Court.
Apparently, then, what we are left with is
a final decision in the England case in which the court of
appeals held the sodomy law unconstitutional, and a holding by
the Texas Supreme Court in Morales that a Texas equity court does
not have jurisdiction to consider the constitutionality of the
sodomy law with respect to consensual, private behavior in a
declaratory judgment proceeding.
But, the facts in England
appear, at first blush, to satisfy the requirements specified in
Morales for finding equity court jurisdiction to declare a
criminal statute unconstitutional; England did not seek a "naked"
declaration of unconstitutionality, but rather an adjudication of
the validity of a particular policy that disadvantaged her and
that was premised on the sodomy law.
The bottom line: Perhaps
the cowardly Supreme Court justices up for election saw a way to
leave the situation as follows: The sodomy law is
unconstitutional (per England) without the Supreme Court having
to rule on the merits.
Or is this paragraph wishful thinking?
We'd be eager to hear readers' views on this.
The Morales case was devised and litigated by the Texas Human
Rights Foundation and its cooperating attorneys.
A.S.L. * * *
The Louisiana Supreme Court heard oral argument Jan. 14 in People
v. Baxley, a challenge to the constitutionality of the state's
sodomy law.
New Orleans attorney John Rawls argued on behalf of
Baxley that the state constitution's protection for individual
privacy makes the law invalid.
Baxley was arrested for
soliciting an undercover police officer to have oral sex for $20.
The wide-ranging Louisiana law makes no distinction in
criminalizing solicitation as between sex for pay of sex for
free.
The San Francisco Sentinel reports that Attorney Mark
Pethke, representing the Orleans Parish District Attorney's
Office, argued that no privacy interest was involved in a street-
corner solicitation, but Chief Justice Pascal Calogero responded
from the bench, "He was attempting to have sex on the street
corner, was he?" Pethke claimed that Baxley was mistakenly
charged with sodomy rather than solicitation, making the case a
poor vehicle to challenge the sodomy law.
Rawls responded that
this was a civil rights case, and that "the real purpose of the
sodomy law is to brand us lesbian and gay citizens as inferior. .
. It makes every gay and lesbian in this state an unindicted
felon and brands us as second-class citizens.
It puts us in a
terrible, terrible hole and we will never get out of it until the
law is thrown away."
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
D.C. Circuit Expands Clinton Administration's Steffan Appeal
Late in December, the Justice Department filed a petition with
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, seeking limited
en banc review in Steffan v. Aspin, 8 F.3d 57, in which a panel
of the Circuit held that the policy under which Joseph Steffan
was forced to resign from the Naval Academy several years ago
after he truthfully responded affirmatively to an official's
question of whether he is gay violates the equal protection
requirement of the Due Process Clause of the 5th Amendment of the
Constitution.
Apparently hoping to avoid further argument over
the constitutionality of a policy that has been superseded by
Congressional enactment of a version of the "don't ask, don't
tell" policy in November 1993, Justice limited its petition to
the question whether the federal court had jurisdiction to order
the Navy to commission a particular individual, a decision that
Justice argued was a matter of discretion confided to military
authorities and not subject to judicial order.
The court was not willing to limit review in that way, however.
On Jan. 7, the court of appeals announced that en banc review was
granted on the merits of the case, apparently at the instance of
a majority of the circuit judges.
There are ten judges on the
circuit.
The three members of the Steffan panel were appointed
by President Carter, while the remaining seven members of the
circuit were appointed by Presidents Reagan and Bush.
The D.C.
Circuit previously held that discharge of a service member who
admitted engaging in consensual homosexual conduct with another
service member on a military base did not violate the 5th
Amendment, either as to privacy or equal protection, in
Dronenburg v. Zech, 741 F.2d 1388, rehearing en banc denied, 746
F.2d 1579 (1984).
The Steffan case is distinguishable, in that
at the time of his discharge the Naval Academy had no knowledge
of any sexual conduct by Joe Steffan, so Dronenburg is not
technically a controlling circuit precedent on the issue
presented by Steffan's case.
However, the wide-ranging dicta in
then-Judge Robert Bork's Dronenburg opinion, if followed by the
Reagan-Bush appointees on the circuit, together with Padula v.
Webster, 822 F.2d 97 (D.C.Cir. 1987), a case in which the circuit
upheld the FBI's policy of excluding gays on rather flimsy
grounds under an extremely conservative equal protection
analysis, does not inspire much optimism that Judge Mikva's
decision in Steffan will survive en banc review, so Steffan and
his attorneys at Lambda Legal Defense Fund may soon face the
excruciatingly difficult strategic question of whether to bring
this case to the Supreme Court. A.S.L.
Initiative & Referendum Politics & Litigation Updates
Colorado Attorney General Gale Norton filed a motion with Denver
District Judge Jeffrey Bayless, asking Bayless to make specific
rulings on a variety of claims made by the plaintiffs in Evans v.
Romer, 1993 WL 518586.
Bayless abstained from determining a
variety of constitutional claims, having determined that
Colorado's Amendment 2 was unconstitutional under the theory
adopted last summer by the Colorado Supreme Court.
See 854 P.2d
1270.
Norton is apparently trying to expand the grounds for
argument in appealing Bayless's ruling to the Colorado Supreme
Court and, perhaps, the U.S. Supreme Court. A.S.L. * * * Voters
in Washington State may be faced with several initiatives on
lesbian and gay issues in November.
On Jan. 10, two different
groups filed proposed initiatives with the state and will attempt
to secure enough petition signatures to gain ballot access,
according to a report in The Oregonian.
The "Washington
Committee for Equal Rights, Not Special Rights," is pushing the
"Equal Rights, Not Special Rights Act," which would bar the state
from granting "special rights" based on homosexuality, prevent
enactment or enforcement of laws protecting lesbians and gay men
from discrimination, forbid domestic partnership benefits for
gays and lesbians, and prohibit schools from "presenting
homosexuality as positive behavior."
The "Citizens Alliance of
Washington," a group inspired by the Oregon Citizens Alliance,
filed its "Minority Status and Child Protection Act," which
covers everything in the "Equal Rights" proposal and, in
addition, forbids gays from having custody of children (even
their own natural children) and prohibits same-sex marriage.
The
initiative sponsors need to obtain 181,667 valid voter signatures
by July 8 to be placed on the ballot.
The Washington
legislature, which was considering enactment of a sexual
orientation discrimination law in the last session, is now
considering putting an initiative on the ballot to let the
state's voters decide whether to enact such a law.
Washington
voters may thus face an array of voting options on gay rights
this year.
A.S.L. * * * The Springfield, Missouri, City Council
has added a question to the ballot in local elections Feb. 8 on
whether to retain a bias crime law that was enacted in October.
The law covers anti-gay violence, and was inspired, in part, by
arson against the home of a gay actor who was appearing in a
controversial play at the University of Missouri.
A petition
signed by 1200 voters asked the council for the referendum.
A.S.L.
Taxpayer Seeks Invalidation of Minneapolis Partners Benefits;
Other Domestic Partnership Updates
James A. Lilly, a Minneapolis city taxpayer, filed suit against
the city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, District Court, seeking a
determination that the city council exceeded its authority by
adopting a resolution authorizing the city to extend health care
benefits to the domestic partners of gay and lesbian city
employees.
The benefits were supposed to begin Jan. 1.
According to a report in the San Francisco Sentinel, Judge
Deborah Hedlund issued an order temporarily blocking operation of
the plan pending a hearing on the merits of the challenge.
Under
the "status quo" order issued by Hedlund, the city will reimburse
domestic partners for actual expenses, under a previously
existing "premium reimbursement plan," but will not prepay
insurance premiums.
A.S.L. * * * The Boston City Council voted
Dec. 15 to enact the Family Registration Act, which allows
lesbian and gay couples to register as domestic partners and
enjoy a variety of non-economic benefits stemming from
recognition as family members.
The law, which Mayor Thomas
Menino announced he would sign, does not extend economic
benefits; a more comprehensive version of the bill containing
such benefits passed the council earlier in the year but was
vetoed by Mayor Raymond Flynn. A.S.L. * * * The Chicago City
Council voted Dec. 15 to enact a law extending the city's three-
day funeral leave benefit to encompass domestic partners of city
employees.
Mayor Richard Daley supported enactment of the law.
According to the Chicago Tribune, an alderman who represents the
heavily gay near-North Side neighborhood, Bernard Hansen,
described the measure as a "foot in the door" toward a more
expansive, benefits-inclusive law, but the mayor would not
support the extension of pension and insurance benefits on
financial grounds.
A.S.L. * * * Georgia Attorney General Michael
Bowers issued an opinion Dec. 10 that the city of Atlanta lacked
authority to adopt a domestic partnership plan, thus putting in
doubt the validity of a city ordinance passed in 1993 which is
being attacked in a taxpayers suit. Bowers is the defendant in a
lawsuit by Robin Shahar, whose job offer as a Georgia Assistant
Attorney General was revoked when Bowers learned she had joined
in a commitment ceremony with her lesbian partner.
A.S.L. * * *
The Los Angeles Times reported Jan. 24 about a new dental plan
designed by Dentnet, Inc., a Santa Monica company, to provide
group dental insurance coverage that includes domestic partners
of group members.
A.S.L. * * * A strike by Legal Services
attorneys in New York City was resolved Dec. 23 with an agreement
that includes a new health insurance plan that provides benefits
for domestic partners, according to a report in New York Newsday.
* * * Jerry L. Garmany is appealing a decision by federal
benefits authorities to award a $17,000 savings account that his
lover, Howard J. Tichenor, intended to leave to him, to
Tichenor's parents.
According to a story in The Washington
Blade, Tichenor filled in Garmany's name on a beneficiary
designation form, but mistakenly signed the form on a witness
signature line rather than the line for the employee's signature;
the form also lacks a signature from a second witness.
While it
is clear Tichenor intended to designate Garmany to receive the
account, the Thrift Board ruled Dec. 6 that in the absence of a
validly completed form, the money must go to Tichenor's next of
kin, his parents.
Garmany filed an appeal Jan. 4 with the
Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board.
A.S.L.
Miscellaneous Lesbian & Gay Litigation Notes
The U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument Jan. 12 in Farmer v.
Brennan, No. 92-7247, in which a transsexual federal prisoner
argues that the 8th Amendment was violated when prison officials
placed her in the general male prison population and she was
allegedly assaulted and raped.
The lower federal courts had
dismissed her claim, finding that prison officials were not aware
of the danger of placing her in general population.
Farmer is
arguing on appeal that, in light of her appearance, prison
officials should have known that she would have been in danger
and taken appropriate steps to protect her.
The oral argument is
summarized at 62 U.S.L.W. 3483 (Jan. 25). A.S.L. * * * U.S.
District Judge Saundra Brown Armstrong has preliminarily approved
a settlement of Frank Buttino's suit against the FBI.
In a Jan.
19 telephone conference with counsel, the agency agreed to pay
$205,000 in damages to Buttino, as well as letting him redeposit
$53,000 in the federal retirement plan.
Buttino claimed he was
discharged after twenty years as an agent because he is gay.
Armstrong had previously refused to dismiss the case on the FBI's
motion.
In December, Attorney General Janet Reno announced that
the agency would end its anti-gay employment policies.
Attorney
Michael W. Fitzgerald of Los Angeles, who represents Buttino in
collaboration with Richard Gayer of San Francisco, was quoted in
BNA's Daily Labor Report as indicating that Reno and FBI Director
Louis Freh "were very sincere about this new policy, and there
does seem to be emphasis from the top down to make this work."
A.S.L. * * * In a ruling of first impression, New York State
Supreme Court Justice Carol E. Huff ruled in Bracker v. Cohen,
NYLJ, 1/7/94, p.22, col.3 (N.Y. County), that the New York City
Council did not exceed its authority in 1991 when it amended the
city's human rights law to provide a private right of action and
punitive damages.
Justice Huff found that the Council's general
legislative authority was broad enough to support the enactment,
that the matter was not preempted by the state human rights law,
and that authorization of punitive damages did not violate public
policy.
The defendants had relied in part on Thoreson v.
Penthouse Intl., Ltd., 80 N.Y.2d 490 (1992), in which New York's
highest court held that punitive damages were not available under
the state human rights law. A.S.L. * * * Orange County,
California, Superior Court Judge Everett W. Dickey imposed a ten-
year sentence on Jeffrey Raines, 19, for his January 1993 hate-
inspired near-fatal assault on Loc Minh Truong, whom Raines
incorrectly perceived to be gay. State v. Raines (Jan. 8, 1993).
According to a report in the Los Angeles Times, Dickey announced
in court that "this is clearly a hate crime.
This crime was
planned ahead of time, and it involved excessive violence and
viciousness."
Raines and accomplices went to a well-known gay
hangout area intending to attack gays.
Truong has also filed a
civil action against Raines and his accomplice, Christopher
Cribbins, 23, who received a one-year sentence. A.S.L. * * * No
privacy in the military: In U.S. v. McCarthy, 54 Crim. L. Rep.
(BNA) 1352 (U.S.Ct. of Military App., Sept. 30), a military
appeals court ruled that the 4th Amendment does not bar
warrantless searches by security officers in military dormitories
where service members share rooms, finding that there is no
reasonable expectation of privacy in such a setting. A.S.L. * * *
On remand from the U.S. Supreme Court, the Ohio Supreme Court
ruled in State v. Wyant, 1994 WL 2802, that the state's ethnic
intimidation law is constitutional.
The court had previously
found the statute unconstitutional under the 1st Amendment, see
597 N.E.2d 450, but reconsidered the matter in light of Wisconsin
v. Mitchell, 113 S.Ct. 2194 (1993), in which the Supreme Court
upheld the constitutional of Wisconsin's hate crimes law.
Dissenting, Justice Wright maintained that the Ohio statute
should be found unconstitutional under the state's free speech
constitutional provision, and was joined in dissent by Justices
William Sweeney and Pfeifer, resulting in a 4-3 ruling.
Holding
to similar effect is a Jan. 19 decision of the Iowa Supreme Court
in State v. McKnight, 1994 WL 14395, rejecting a constitutional
challenge to that state's hate crime statute, which covers sexual
orientation.
A.S.L. * * * In a somewhat incomprehensible
procedural case, the Tennessee Court of Appeals upheld the award
of temporary custody to the grandparents of two children of a
lesbian mother on the ground that the appeal of a temporary order
was inappropriate.
Flowers v. Flowers, 1993 WL 542086 (Dec. 30).
The children had been living with their father pursuant to prior
court orders.
The mother sought an emergency temporary order of
custody, apparently on the basis of the father's violent behavior
toward "his various wives and these children."
Instead of giving
custody to the lesbian mother, the trial court awarded temporary
custody to the grandparents.
The appellate court avoided all of
the substantive issues and ruled simply that the appeal of a
temporary order was inappropriate.
Abby R. Rubenfeld of
Nashville, former legal director at Lambda Legal Defense,
represents the lesbian mother.
P.L.E. * * * Cumberland County,
Pennsylvania, Judge Kevin A. Hess upheld a verdict and damage
award against Daniel Miller, a victim of anti-gay employment
discrimination who was sued by his former employer for breach of
contract after Miller established a competing accounting
business.
DeMuth v. Miller (Dec. 20).
Miller, who is
represented by Beatrice Dohrn, Legal Director of Lambda Legal
Defense Fund, argued that the state should not lend its
imprimatur to anti-gay discrimination by allowing Donald DeMuth
not only to fire Miller but also to force him to move out of the
community in order to pursue his livelihood.
According to an
article in the Patriot-News of Harrisburg, Hess wrote, "There is
broad disagreement on the question of whether or not one's
freedom of association encompasses a right of hiring and firing
based on sexual orientation, or whether a disdain for a lifestyle
equates to bigotry."
Miller, who was fired after he appeared on
television news shows as a spokesperson for a local gay rights
group, plans to appeal the ruling, which upheld a damage award of
$110,000.
A.S.L. * * * We reported last fall that U.S. District
Judge Kimba Wood ruled in New York City Employees' Retirement
System v. Securities and Exchange Commission against the validity
of the SEC's recent letter ruling that publicly traded
corporations do not have to place shareholder-initiated policy
resolutions on employment discrimination policy in the proxy
statements mailed to all shareholders.
Judge Wood has since
written a lengthy decision explaining her reasoning.
1994 WL
9653 (S.D.N.Y., Jan. 13).
She finds that the SEC had in fact
adopted a "legislative rule" which was subject to the procedural
requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act, and could not
adopt rules of this sort through the informal process of letter
rulings.
The question arose in the context of a shareholder
resolution offered by the NYC public employee pension fund to
require Cracker Barrel Old Country Stores to adopt an employment
policy banning sexual orientation discrimination.
At a
shareholder meeting held subsequent to Judge Wood's original
bench ruling, about 14% of the shareholder votes were cast in
favor of the NYC resolution, enough to allow the proponents to
introduce it again next year. A.S.L. * * * In Dietz v. State,
1994 WL 15084 (Tex.App. - Dallas, Jan. 24), the Texas Court of
Appeals rejected a claim by the proprietor of an adult video
store, who was convicted in an obscenity prosecution for selling
gay-oriented sex videos, that the jury should have been
instructed to apply the test of "prurient interest" based not on
general community standards but rather on the standards
prevailing in the gay male community.
The court also upheld the
Texas obscenity law against constitutional challenge, and upheld
the trial court's evidentiary rulings with respect to opinion
questions on whether the video was obscene that were answered by
police officials as "expert" witnesses.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled Jan. 24 that abortion
clinics may use the RICO chapter of the Organized Crime Control
Act of 1970, 18 U.S.C. secs. 1961-1968, against anti-abortion
groups that conspire to shut down the clinics through a variety
of coercive tactics.
National Organization for Women v.
Scheidler, 1994 WL 13716.
In so ruling, the Court resolved a
split of circuit authority on whether RICO applies only to
"commercial" enterprises, holding that no commercial element need
be shown to bring a racketeering conspiracy within the scope of
RICO.
Justice Souter wrote a concurring opinion, joined by
Justice Kennedy, observing that using RICO in this sort of case
may raise 1st Amendment issues, and that even if a RICO violation
is found, 1st Amendment concerns about protecting the right of
politically-motivated protesters might lead to some limitation on
the remedy, concluding: ". . .I think it prudent to notice that
RICO actions could deter protected advocacy and to caution courts
applying RICO to bear in mind the First Amendment interests that
could be at stake."
The Court's opinion holds potential dangers
for all politically-motivated direct-action groups, such as ACT-
UP or Queer Nation.
A.S.L. * * * The Huntington Beach,
California, Union High School District board has rejected
attempts by conservative parents to stop a support group for gay
students from meeting at the high school.
The board voted 4-1 on
Jan. 13 to maintain an open-access policy at Fountain Valley High
School; under federal law, if a school that receives federal
funds allows any extra-curricular student groups to meet on
campus, it must maintain an "open access" policy that does not
bar particular groups on the basis of their subject-matter
interest.
The law was originally enacted to require schools to
accommodate those students who wished to form prayer groups.
A
similar dispute is ongoing in the Austin, Texas, public schools.
A.S.L. * * * The Washington Blade reports that U.S. Interior
Secretary Bruce Babbitt omitted sexual orientation from a
departmental non-discrimination policy statement to avoid having
to end joint programs with the Boy Scouts of America in the
national parks system, which is administered by the Interior
Department.
A.S.L. * * * The British Parliament is debating a
proposal to lower the age of consent for gay sex to 16, the same
as non-gay sex.
The current age is 21, the highest of any EEC
country. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Sharply Divided N.Y. Appellate Court Finds City Schools Condom
Policy Unconstitutional
In a 3-2 ruling, the N.Y. Appellate Division, 2nd Department,
ruled that New York City schools may not provide condoms to
students unless parents are given the opportunity to withhold
consent.
Matter of Alfonso v. Fernandez, 1993 WL 540636 (Dec.
30).
Justice Vincent Pizzuto, writing for the court, found that
the 1991 Board of Education resolution requiring that condoms be
provided to students in New York City schools violated the
constitutional rights of parents to control the upbringing of
their children.
Additionally, the court relied on a state health
law provision which requires minors under 18 to obtain parental
consent before receiving "health services."
The case originated with a 1987 directive from the N.Y.S.
Commissioner of Education for elementary and secondary schools to
include information about HIV in health education programs.
In
1991, the City Board of Education voted to establish an expanded
HIV/AIDS education program in the public high schools.
This
program had two components: (1) Classroom instruction would be
provided on various aspects of HIV/AIDS including means of
transmission and methods of prevention.
Although the instruction
was mandatory, it included a provision whereby parents or
guardians could opt-out of the program with assurance that the
child would receive such instruction at home.
(2) Condoms would
be provided to students who request them.
Trained professionals
would dispense the condoms and make personal health guidance
available to these students.
This component contained no
parental opt-out provision.
Parents of New York City public school students brought an
article 78 proceeding against the Board, challenging the
constitutionality of the condom distribution component.
In
deciding the case, the court stated that its role is limited: to
determine whether the condom distribution component violated the
parents' constitutional, statutory or common-law rights.
Pizzuto
began by reviewing the common law rule that consent from a parent
or guardian is required to receive health services.
This rule
has been codified in Public Health Law sec. 2504, which
additionally sets forth exceptions to the general incapacity of
minors to consent to receiving health services.
As its first
inquiry, the court examined whether dispensing condoms
constituted a "health service."
The court stated that
distributing condoms is not an aspect of health education in
disease prevention, but rather a means of disease prevention.
The program is intended to encourage and enable students to use
condoms when they engage in sexual activity.
Thus, the court
concluded, it is a "health service."
The court bolstered its
determination by citing a regulation of the Commissioner of New
York State Department of Education, a statement from the Acting
Commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and a
resolution presented by the Chancellor of New York City public
schools.
After concluding that the distribution program is governed by
sec. 2504, the court looked for an applicable exception.
While
there is no doubt the state has a compelling interest in
controlling AIDS and educating youths about the disease, the
statute contains no specific provision authorizing condom
distribution to minors without express consent or an opt-out
provision.
The court noted that several laws entitle eligible
minors to confidential services from a provider who treats them
under the auspices of a public assistance program.
But such a
situation is covered by a legislatively-enacted exception to the
common-law rule requiring parental consent.
The court reasoned
that the condom distribution in this case is through public high
schools where attendance is mandatory.
Even though condoms are
non-medicinal, and do not require a prescription, it is very
different from the wholly voluntary nature of their distribution
at clinics or as part of public assistance programs.
The court claimed that its ruling in no way conflicted with the
Supreme Court's decision in Carey v. Population Services, 431
U.S. 678 (holding that a New York state statute criminalizing the
sale and distribution of contraceptive devices to minors under 16
was unconstitutional).
Finding that the condom distribution
component of the program is unconstitutional does not affect or
restrict the access the students have to condoms which existed
prior to the enactment of the program.
The court seemed especially troubled by the involuntary nature of
school attendance.
Parents are being compelled to send their
children "into an environment where they will be permitted, even
encouraged, to obtain a contraceptive device, which the parents
disfavor as a matter of private belief."
Because the
constitution (both federal and state) gives parents the right to
regulate their childrens' sexual behavior, the state must have a
compelling interest and the policy must be essential to serving
that interest.
Here, the court asserted, there may be a
compelling interest in controlling AIDS, but the policy is not
essential.
The court viewed the policy as a means for the City
to impose its judgment about the right to receive contraceptives,
despite the fact that it interferes with the parents' rights to
discourage sexual activity.
The court stated that the policy was
not necessary to meet the objective of controlling AIDS because
minors have ready access to condoms.
In a flippant statement, it
noted that condoms may be purchased for "about the same price as
a slice of pizza."
Finally, the court noted that the policy did
not violate the parents' right to free exercise of their
religion.
Such a violation could not be established merely
because some parents found condom distribution objectionable.
Justice Geraldine Eiber wrote a dissent which began by citing
statistics to establish a compelling need for the program.
Although N.Y. City adolescents comprise 3% of the nation's
population, they account for 20% of all reported AIDS cases among
adolescents.
She reported that the Board had previously rejected
an opt-out provision because of the fear that identification
would seriously limit participation in the program.
Students
whose parents disapprove of premarital sex are those "in need of
a place where they can obtain condoms without having to account
for any expenditures or having to identify themselves."
Justice Eiber then criticized the court's characterization of
condom distribution as a "health service."
She stated that
although the program is health-related, it is not the same as
invasive medical, dental, health and hospital treatment
contemplated by the common law or codified in the Public Health
Law.
She argued that the ruling blatantly conflicts with the
Supreme Court's ruling in Carey, which struck down a New York
statute criminalizing the sale or distribution of contraceptive
devices to minors.
Additionally, she pointed out the anomalous
result that minors are permitted to obtain abortions and
treatment for sexually transmitted diseases without parental
consent or notification in New York, but now they may not have
access to means by which they can prevent unwanted pregnancy or
protect themselves from sexually transmitted diseases, including
HIV.
Eiber reasoned that if the distribution of condoms is a
"health service" which requires parental consent, then family
planning clinics that distribute condoms and other contraceptive
devices and commercial sellers are also in violation of the
common law and statute.
Eiber castigated the majority for bringing the case within the
realm of constitutional parental rights like those in Meyer v.
Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390 (establishing the right of parents to have
their children learn foreign language in school).
The majority
stated that parents who send their children to public high school
are required to surrender their right to influence and guide the
sexual activity of their children.
Eiber contended that although
parents are required to send their children to school, the
children are not compelled to participate in the condom
distribution program.
That the children are in close proximity
to a potential source for obtaining condoms does not change the
voluntary nature of the program.
Further, the program is
consistent with both the strong public policy interest in slowing
the spread of HIV, and the role of schools in providing
preventative health care.
Justice Eiber concluded with a point that was underscored by
Justice Sondra Miller in a separate dissent.
Practically, many
students who are served by the program do not have parents who
will provide them with guidance.
Given the severe consequence of
HIV transmission, providing condoms offers practical protection
to a high risk population, and "outweighs the minimal intrusion
into the parent/child relationship of the more protected, more
fortunate portion of the adolescent population of New York City."
A.T. * * * On Jan. 11, in compliance with the Appellate
Division's ruling, the NYC Board of Education voted, 5-2, to
modify its condom distribution program by allowing parents to
prohibit their children from participating in the program.
However, the Board rejected a proposal to restructure the program
so that students could participate only if their parents gave
affirmative approval. A.S.L.
Federal Court Refuses to Dismiss Claims by HIV+ Prisoner
U.S. District Judge James F. Holderman, Jr., refused to dismiss
claims by Dennis Anderson, an HIV+ state prisoner, that prison
officials violated his federal constitutional rights and Illinois
state confidentiality laws by revealing Anderson's HIV status to
various guards and inmates and denying him various routine
privileges of prison life solely because of his HIV status.
Anderson v. Romero, 1994 WL 9645 (N.D.Ill., Jan. 12).
Anderson
claimed that he was not allowed to receive haircuts, and was
deprived of prison yard privileges.
The defendants claimed that even if Anderson was correct in
claiming constitutional and statutory violations, the defendants
were immune from suit both as to privacy claims and as to due
process/equal protection and state statutory claims.
Holderman
found a split of authority among federal courts about the extent
to which federal constitutional privacy extended to a prisoner's
HIV status.
This is significant because qualified immunity would
protect the prison officials unless there was a well-established
constitutional rights affected by their conduct in the course of
official duties.
On the other hand, an Illinois law specifically
protects the confidentiality of HIV-related information, although
it includes certain exceptions that might, questionably, apply to
what was alleged in this case.
Prisoner Anderson emphasized that
the officials were not following any formally adopted prison
policy in revealing his HIV status, but rather had casually
revealed it in individual remarks.
On balance, Holderman
concluded that development of a full trial record would be
necessary to make a determination on the immunity claim, and thus
refused to dismiss the privacy count.
On the various counts concerning deprivation of barber and yard
privileges, Holderman again found there was "a close question,"
but denied the defendants' motions to dismiss.
"While HIV-
positive inmates may be treated differently than the general
prison population," he wrote, whether depriving HIV-positive
inmates of all access to the exercise yard and barbers is
rationally related to a legitimate prison interest is subject to
dispute."
Holderman also refused to dismiss the pendent state
law claims, pointing out that Illinois corrections laws include
mandatory language in requiring that prisoners be given access to
barbers and yard privileges, thus creating a due process "liberty
interest" and placing a burden of justification on the prison
officials for denying these privileges to Anderson.
Concluding
his opinion, Holderman set a status conference and wrote, "The
parties are strongly urged to discuss settlement."
A.S.L.
Louisiana Appeals Court Rules on AIDS Distress Claims
A divided panel of the Louisiana Court of Appeal, 4th Circuit,
reversed the dismissal of Jo Ann Vallery's claim, based upon her
husband's possible exposure to the HIV virus during his
employment with the defendant, for negligent infliction of
emotional distress. Vallery v. Southern Baptist Hospital, 1993 WL
539839 (Dec. 30, 1993).
The court also affirmed the dismissal of
the Vallerys' other claims as being barred by the exclusive
remedy portion of the state's worker's compensation statute.
Albert Vallery worked at Southern Baptist Hospital as a security
guard.
One night, while he was subduing an unruly patient, the
patient bled on Vallery's hand.
Vallery went home and had sex
with his wife.
The next day, the hospital informed him that the
patient had AIDS and that he had been exposed to HIV.
The
hospital enrolled Mr. and Mrs. Vallery in a testing program for
one year and advised them to use condoms during that year.
They
both continued to test negative for HIV antibodies for over two
years.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Vallery sued the hospital for their
emotional suffering during the time they feared they might have
been exposed, and for loss of consortium for having to use
condoms.
Writing for the court, Judge Joan Bernard Armstrong affirmed
dismissal of both of Mr. Vallery's claims as being within the
worker's compensation statute, which provides an exclusive remedy
for work-related injuries.
Nothing in Mr. Vallery's allegations
could be construed as an intentional act by the hospital, that
could bring his claims within an exception to the exclusive
remedy provision.
The court dismissed Mrs. Vallery's loss of
consortium claim as being derivative of her husband's claims and
therefore within the exclusive remedy provision.
With regard to
Mrs. Vallery's emotional distress claim, however, the court
reversed its dismissal.
She had alleged the presence of HIV (the
patient with AIDS) and what could be found to be a "channel of
infection" (her husband's exposure to the patient's blood and
subsequent sexual relations with her).
The panel disagreed as to
whether the risk of her injury was within the scope of the
hospital's duty.
The majority and concurrences found the
allegations sufficient, each by a slightly different mode of
analysis.
Two dissenting judges would have found no duty, based
largely on public policy implications of finding a duty between a
hospital and a third party who was neither a patient nor an
employee.
D.W.
Illinois Supreme Court Upholds HIV Transmission Statute;
Louisiana Appeals Court Sustains HIV Transmission Conviction
In a brief, angry-sounding decision by Justice Heiple, the
Illinois Supreme Court unanimously rejected a constitutional due
process challenge to a state law criminalizing knowing
transmission of HIV through sexual contact.
People v. Russell,
1994 WL 12502 (Jan. 20).
The consolidated appeal concerned separate criminal prosecutions
of Caretha Russell and Timothy Lunsford.
Russell was charged
with engaging in sexual intercourse with Daren Smith without
telling Smith that she was infected.
Lunsford was charged with
raping a woman at a time when he knew he was HIV-infected.
The
Supreme Court opinion does not mention whether HIV was actually
transmitted in either case.
Both defendants were charged under
720 ILCS 5/12-16.2, which provides: "A person commits criminal
transmission of HIV when he or she, knowing that he or she is
infected with HIV: (1) engages in intimate contact with another,"
and states that "for purposes of this section. . . Intimate
contact with another means the exposure of the body of one person
to a bodily fluid of another person in a manner that could result
in the transmission of HIV."
This language creates a latent
ambiguity, since it does not specify in so many words that HIV
have actually been transmitted in order for conduct to come
within the statute.
The trial judges in both cases found the
statute vague enough to be unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court disagreed with this conclusion, first
dismissing arguments that the statute had anything to do with
rights of free speech or intimate association.
Heiple then
asserted that "the vagueness argument is in error both facially
and factually.
Reference to the specific language of the statute
makes this clear. . .
Vagueness, like beauty, may be in the eye
of the beholder.
We, however, read the statute as being
sufficiently clear and explicit so that a person of ordinary
intelligence need not have to guess at its meaning or
application. . .
That the statute might open the innocent
conduct of others to possible prosecution is a matter of pure
speculation and conjecture which is not before us in these
consolidated cases.
We are here concerned only with the specific
conduct of these defendants and the application of the statute to
them."
The court reversed and remanded for purposes of
prosecuting the defendants.
A.S.L. * * * In State v. Gamberella,
1993 WL 539590 (La.App., 1st Cir., Dec. 29), the defendant was
convicted of one count of intentionally exposing his girlfriend
to HIV, a felony.
As a second felony habitual offender, he was
sentenced to ten years imprisonment at hard labor.
The opinion
by Judge Fogg states that Gamberella knew he had HIV before he
began his relationship with his girlfriend, that they used
condoms until one failed and she got pregnant, and that they did
not use condoms thereafter.
During a physical exam after the
relationship terminated, the girlfriend tested HIV+.
Gamberella appealed the trial court's denial of his motion to
suppress his HIV test results, which had been obtained initially
through an investigative subpoena by the DA's office, rather than
through a statutory motion for disclosure of HIV status.
The
latter motion was only filed afterwards.
The appeals court
affirmed, ruling that even thought the procedure used may have
been defective, unconstitutionally obtained material could be
used if it was inevitable that the evidence thus obtained would
have been discovered in a constitutional manner.
Gamberella also argued that each of the statutory elements of
"intentional. . .exposure. . .through sexual contact. . .without
knowing and lawful consent of the victim" was so vague as to make
the statute unconstitutional.
The court disagreed, finding that
each element was readily understandable to a person of reasonable
intelligence.
Finally, Gamberella challenged his sentence as
excessive in light of his compromised physical condition.
The
court again disagreed, finding the sentence within statutory
limits and reasonable in light of his "blatant disregard" for the
woman involved.
S.K.
AIDS Transmission Litigation Notes
The Montana Supreme Court dismissed an action alleging negligence
and breach of contract when plaintiff, a Respiratory Therapist,
used a defective Arterial Blood Gas kit to test the blood of a
patient with AIDS.
The ruling in Blythe v. Radiometer, Inc.,
1993 WL 530996 (Dec. 22), was based on an interpretation of the
Worker's Compensation Act, which provides the sole remedy to an
employee unless the injury was caused by an intentional and
malicious act of a fellow employee.
The plaintiff, Blythe, was
pricked with a needle from the defective kit in 1989 and has not
tested positive for HIV.
He claims, however, that his fear of
contracting AIDS has caused him serious psychological problems
that have prevented him from working since 1991.
Blythe claimed
his employer purchased the kits knowing that they were defective
and thereby presented a risk to employees of being pricked while
using the kits.
Although the court acknowledged that the
employer knowingly provided its employees with the defective
kits, it ruled that the plaintiff's sole remedy was through
worker's compensation.
A.T. * * * Under the facts of Schaefer v.
Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center, 1994 WL 334 (5th Cir., Jan. 4),
a father learned in 1987 that he was HIV+ and was told by his
doctor that the probable cause of the infection was a 1983 blood
transfusion.
The father died in 1991 of AIDS-related
complications.
His children sued in 1992 for wrongful death due
to the transfusion.
Texas has a two-year statute of limitations
under which the father's cause of action accrued when he received
the transfusion in 1983.
But the Texas discovery rule tolls the
statute of limitations until a plaintiff discovers, or should
have discovered through the exercise of reasonable care and
diligence, the nature of his injury and its cause in fact.
See
Glasscock v. Armstrong Cork Co., 946 F.2d 1085 (5th Cir.), cert.
denied, 112 S.Ct. 1778 (1991).
Under this rule, the statute of
limitations began to toll in 1987.
Thus, in 1989 the statute of
limitations nullified any cause of action which the father could
have brought, a full two years before his death.
Because claims
under the Texas Wrongful Death Act & Survival Statute are
derivative actions, a plaintiff can only recover if the decedent
could have brought the action had he lived.
Since the father was
time-barred immediately before his death and could not have
brought an action himself, the court held that his children's
claim was likewise time-barred, even though they filed suit
within two years of the father's death. K.I.
AIDS Criminal Law Notes
U.S. Magistrate Calvin Botley (S.D.Tex.) issued an order Jan. 10
refusing to dismiss a petition for habeas corpus in Weeks v.
Morales, No. H-93-3708, in which Curtis Weeks, an HIV+ man
serving a life sentence for spitting at a prison guard, contests
the constitutionality of his conviction in Weeks v. Texas, 834
S.W.2d 559 (Tex.Ct.App. 1992).
A jury convicted Weeks of
attempted murder in 1989 for spitting at the guard while he was
being transported between prisons just months before being
scheduled to release after serving a term for robbery.
There is
no evidence that HIV can be transmitted by spitting.
Botley
ordered the state to respond to the arguments made in Weeks'
habeas petition.
Weeks is represented in the habeas action by
ACLU cooperating attorney Curt P. Beck of Weil, Gotschal & Manges
and ACLU staff attorneys Ruth Harlow and Bill Rubenstein. A.S.L.
* * * A Wisconsin appeals court refused to permit an HIV+ man to
serve a 7-month sentence for a traffic conviction at home, even
though the prosecution had granted his request for home
detention.
In Wisconsin v. Krueger, 1994 WL 6879 (Jan. 13) (not
certified for publication), Jeffrey Krueger pleaded no contest to
driving after his license had been revoked.
He negotiated a 7-
month sentence, which the prosecution agreed to let him serve at
home under electronic monitoring because of the health risks
posed by a jail term.
The trial court, however, disallowed that
agreement and ordered Krueger to serve at least 90 days in jail,
despite a letter from Krueger's doctor explaining that a jail
sentence would increase the potential of contracting a fatal
infection.
The appeals court affirmed.
Although Krueger cited a
Wisconsin statute that ostensibly gives courts discretion to let
defendants serve county jail sentences at home -- "a court may
impose a sentence of detention at the defendant's place of
residence or other place designated by the court" -- Judge Dykman
wrote for the court that the operator's license law says
offenders "shall be imprisoned" and that "a sentence of home
detention is not a sentence of imprisonment."
Krueger cited
another statute giving the county sheriff the authority to let
prisoners serve at home, but the court read this to mean that
only sheriffs had this power.
The court voiced concern "that
imprisonment in the county jail may pose health risks to
Krueger," but maintained it had no authority to allow him to
avoid a jail sentence.
(The legislature amended the operator's
license law to repeal the mandatory sentence provision, but the
repeal was not in effect at the time of Krueger's case.)
K.R. *
* * A criminal defendant was charged with reckless endangerment
and attempted assault after biting a mental health care worker at
the Rockland County (N.Y.) Medical Center and announcing she had
AIDS.
The prosecution sought an order pursuant to Public Health
Law sec. 2785(2)(a), compelling the defendant to disclose the
results of her HIV test.
The court ordered the disclosure since
the prosecution established a compelling need for the
information.
The court found that the information was needed to
establish the defendant's state of mind.
Additionally, the court
noted that the defendant's public announcements effectively
waived her privacy interest.
Matter of A.T., NYLJ, 1/4/94, p.39
col. 3. A.T.
Miscellaneous AIDS Litigation Notes
In one of the longest-running AIDS discrimination cases in the
nation, the New York State Division of Human Rights announced
Jan. 7 that it has ordered the law firm of Baker & McKenzie to
pay about $500,000 in damages to the estate of Geoffrey Bowers,
who died from AIDS in 1987, shortly after completing testimony in
the case contesting his discharge as a B & M staff attorney the
previous year.
The amount was about half of that originally
recommended by an administrative law judge.
B & M defended on
the same grounds cited by the fictional law firm in the film
Philadelphia: that Bowers was dismissed due to poor performance,
and that the firm was not aware he had AIDS at the time.
The
Division called the firm's testimony "highly suspect," according
to a Jan. 10 report in the New York Law Journal. Cavagnuolo,
Executor for Estate of Bowers v. Baker & McKenzie, No. 1B-E-D-86-
115824.
The firm announced it would appeal the order to the New
York state courts.
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 7, 1/11/94, p.
A-10.
A.S.L. * * * The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit
has stayed the deportation of an HIV-infected man of Columbian
origin to allow him to argue to the Bureau of Immigration Appeals
that the conditions for PWAs in Colombia are such that it would
be improper to deport him there.
Arango-Aradondo v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service, 1994 WL 6752 (Jan. 10).
Arango has
been in the U.S. for almost thirty years, having entered legally
as a permanent resident, but was apparently involved in illicit
drug transactions and, upon his most recent conviction, was
targeted for deportation as a persistent felon by the INS.
He
raised his HIV status in his deportation hearing as a basis for
waiving deportation, but the ALJ ordered deportation anyway.
Arando appealed to the 2nd Circuit, claiming, inter alia,
ineffective assistance of counsel, since his non-lawyer
representative presented no evidence about the abysmal conditions
for unemployed PWAs in Colombia.
In his opinion for the court,
Judge Walker held that the ineffective assistance claim must be
raised first with the Bureau of Immigration Appeals, but agreed
to stay Arando's deportation order for sixty days to allow him to
file an appeal to reopen his case administratively, and a further
stay until such time as the BIA shall ruled on his case. A.S.L. *
* *
In Toney v. U.S. Healthcare, 1993 WL 460802 (E.D.Pa.), we
reported that the U.S. District Court in Pennsylvania granted
summary judgment against or dismissed the HIV discrimination
claims of plaintiff William R. Toney against defendant U.S.
Healthcare, Inc., and two physicians.
Toney alleged he was
unable to find a primary care physician under his HMO, basing his
claim on sec. 504 of the federal Rehabilitation Act.
In a
companion decision, the court has now granted summary judgment in
favor of the final defendants, Dr. George Bradford, who allegedly
refused to treat Toney once he learned of Toney's HIV status, and
Dr. Peter Binnion, who treated Toney between July and October,
1992, claiming that Binnion allegedly refused to act as Toney's
treating physician.
Toney v. U.S. Healthcare, 1993 WL 547004
(E.D.Pa., Dec. 30).
Bradford successfully asserted
Pennsylvania's two-year statute of limitations for personal
injury claims.
The court found that the doctor-patient
relationship between Toney and Binnion ended when the HMO
notified Binnion that he would no longer be a covered provider,
but that Binnion, who had other HIV+ patients, continued to treat
Toney.
The court agreed with Binnion's argument that he was
entitled to summary judgment because Toney challenged treatment
decisions that are non-reviewable under sec. 504.
Addressing
Toney's Americans with Disabilities Act claim against Binnion,
the court held that Toney's "allegation that plaintiff could not
continue as Dr. Binnion's patient after his HMO terminated its
contract with the physician, read in conjunction with the
affidavits of both parties, defeats a charge of discriminatory
behavior by Dr. Binnion. . .
plaintiff's complaint does not
state that the alleged denial by Dr. Binnion of services to him
was based on any disability."
As we previously noted, this
litigation points up the need for HMOs and any proposed national
health care plan to include HIV specialists as "primary care
physicians."
B.M. * * * A funeral director who conducted
services for a PWA using an empty casket must pay $175,000 in
damages for breach of contract, negligence, fraud, and
intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress to the
mother of the deceased, according to a report in BNA's AIDS
Policy & Law.
In a Philadelphia jury trial concluded Dec. 15,
Louise Purdie claimed that funeral director John M. Price agreed
to conduct a funeral for Purdie's son, Kelvin, and that Price
said he was required by law to conduct a closed-casket ceremony.
It later turned out that Price used an empty casket for the
ceremony, citing fear of HIV transmission as the reason for not
placing Kelvin's body in the casket.
Purdie is represented in
Doe v. Price, No. 5914 (Penn. Ct. Common Pleas, Philadelphia), by
Nan Feyler of the AIDS Law Project of Pennsylvania and
cooperating attorney Andrew Chirls of Wolf, Block, Schoor and
Solis-Cohen.
A.S.L. * * * The National Law Journal reported that
the Georgia Court of Appeals decided en banc to reverse a ruling
by one its panels awarding $500,100 in damages to a person with
AIDS who claimed his privacy had been invaded when Macon
television station WMAZ-TV revealed his identity in a broadcast.
The court ruled in the Dec. 27 decision (not yet available on
electronic databases) that the plaintiff waived his privacy claim
by telling a variety of people about his medical condition.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
Correcting a homophobic error of the 1980s, the N.Y. State Public
Health Council voted Jan. 21 to amend regulations defining unsafe
sexual practices to include vaginal intercourse.
The regulations
specify circumstances under which public health authorities in
the state can close down places of public accommodation for
health purposes.
As originally passed, the regulations
authorized shutting down any business that facilitated unsafe
sexual practices among customers, such as back room bars,
bathhouses, adult bookstores, and other sex clubs.
Shortly after
the regulation was revised, N.Y.C. authorities temporarily shut
down the Adonis Theater in Times Square, where health inspectors
claim to have observed unsafe sexual activity occurring and no
attempt by the management to curb it.
A.S.L.
* * * Attempting
to bring new coordination to the global struggle against AIDS,
the United Nations announced that efforts are underway to merge
the AIDS programs of the World Health Organization, the U.N.
Development Program, the U.N. Population Fund, UNICEF and UNESCO
into one consolidated program.
A holdout: the World Bank, which
announced it is still studying the proposal.
A.S.L. * * *
Controversy roils in N.Y. and Boston about safer sex ads in
public transit systems.
The N.Y. City Council is considering a
measure introduced by Noach Dear that would require the Transit
Authority to ban "indecent" ads from trains and buses.
Dear's
measure was filed in response to a series of explicit safe sex
posters by GMHC that appeared in the transit system in recent
weeks.
In Boston, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation
Authority's attempt to censor safe-sex advertising submitted by
the AIDS Action Committee of Massachusetts earned a stern rebuke
from U.S. District Judge Rya Zobel, who issued an opinion (not
published) on Dec. 29, finding the censorship violative of the
1st Amendment. According to a story in the Boston Globe, Zobel
called the advertisements "witty" and "clever," found that
advertising space in the transit system was a "public forum," and
that the MBTA had inappropriately attempted to censor on the
basis of subject matter.
The ads used outrageous sexual puns to
draw attention to the desirability of using condoms.
MBTA argued
that children had to be protected from this sexually explicit
material.
Replied Zobel: "That concern evaporates on examination
because shielding children from the advertisements is
insufficiently compelling to justify the resulting limitation of
speech. . . Moreover, minors too are entitled to `a significant
measure of First Amendment protection.'"
A.S.L. * * * American
Airlines will provide extra training for gate agents and flight
attendants on dealing with passengers with AIDS, under an
agreement with Lambda Legal Defense Fund, representing Timothy
Holless, a person with AIDS who was ejected from an American
flight in November.
Lambda staff attorney Amelia Craig of Los
Angeles represented Holless in negotiating the agreement. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The 1993 Case Table for Lesbian/Gay Law Notes is now being
compiled by Todd Lamb, NYLS '94.
It will be mailed to
institutional subscribers (libraries) as soon as it is ready.
Individual subscribers who desire a copy should send a 52 cent
stamped, self-addressed business-size envelope to LeGaL - Law
Notes Case Table, 799 Broadway, Suite 340, New York NY 10003. * *
* The ACLU Women's Rights Project seeks a volunteer to organize,
launch and coordinate a nation-wide letter-writing campaign to
solicit letters from girls and women about their experience of
sexual harassment in school and at work. The position will call
for public speaking skills, coordination with various ACLU
departments and state affiliates, and the ability to work
independently with minimal supervision.
Application letters and
resumes should be sent to Acting Director Sara L. Mandelbaum,
ACLU Women's Rights Project, 132 W. 43 St., New York, NY 10036,
as soon as possible.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Backer, Larry Cata, Raping Sodomy and Sodomizing Rape: A Morality
Tale About the Transformation of Modern Sodomy Jurisprudence, 21
Am. J. Crim. L. 37 (Fall 1993) (shows how sodomy laws have been
transposed into rape laws through application and
interpretation).
Buchanan, G. Sidney, A Very Rational Court, 30 Houston L. Rev.
1509 (Winter 1993) (demonstrates gradual abandonment of
"heightened scrutiny" by Supreme Court in a variety of fields,
including equal protection, free speech, and free exercise of
religion).
Cameron, Edwin, Sexual Orientation and the Constitution: A Test
for Human Rights, 110 South African L.J. 450 (Aug. 1993).
Carrell, Michael R. and Everett E. Mann, Defining Workforce
Diversity Programs and Practices in Operation, 44 Lab. L. J. 755
(Dec. 1993) (survey of personnel professionals yielded few who
suggested sexual orientation was an appropriate factor to include
in workplace diversity programs).
Carroll, Anne Berrill, Religion, Politics, and the IRS: Defining
the Limits of Tax Law Controls on Political Expression by
Churches, 76 Marquette L. Rev. 217 (Fall 1992).
Frohnmayer, John E., Giving Offense, 29 Gonzaga L. Rev. 1
(1993/94) (William O. Douglas Lecture).
Goldberg, Suzanne B., Give Me Liberty or Give Me Death: Political
Asylum and the Global Persecution of Lesbians and Gay Men, 26
Cornell Int'l L. J. 605 (1993).
Harbeck, Karen M., Coming Out of the Classroom Closet: Gay and
Lesbian Students, Teachers, and Curricula (Haworth Press,
Binghamton, NY, 1992).
Ingram, John Dwight, In Vitro Fertilization: Problems and
Solutions, 98 Dickinson L. Rev. 67 (Fall 1993).
Jolin, Annette, On the Backs of Working Prostitutes: Feminist
Theory and Prostitution Policy, 40 Crime & Delinquency 69 (Jan.
1994).
Kruger, Daniel H., and Michael McEachern, An Analysis of
Arbitration Decisions Involving Off-Duty Conduct of Public
Employees, 14 Gov't Union Rev. No. 4, 29 (Fall 1993).
Mather, Victoria Mikesell, Evolution and Revolution in Family
Law, 25 St. Mary's L. J. 405 (1993).
Wallace, Donald H., The Eighth Amendment and Prison Deprivations:
Historical Revisions, 30 Crim L. Bull. 5 (Jan.-Feb. 1994).
Yoo, John Choon, Our Declaratory Ninth Amendment, 42 Emory L.J.
967 (Fall 1993).
Student Notes & Comments:
Calkins, Jeffrey S., Sex and the Superstar Republican: A Review
of and Commentary Upon Sex and Reason, 20 Western St. U. L. Rev.
611 (Spring 1993).
Flora, Phyllis A., Constitutional Law -- Content-Neutral
Requirement Established for Expression Otherwise Unprotected
Under the First Amendment -- R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul, 27
Suffolk U. L. Rev. 175 (Spring 1993).
Glaser, Steven R., Sticks and Stones May Break My Bones, But
Words Can Never Hurt Me: Regulating Speech on University
Campuses, 76 Marquette L. Rev. 265 (Fall 1992).
Gustafson, Je'Nell Blocher, The Natural Father, I Presume: The
Natural Father's Rights Versus the Best Interests of the Child, 1
San Diego Justice J. 489 (Summer 1993).
Hicks, Pamela K., Castration of Sexual Offenders: Legal and
Ethical Issues, 14 J. Legal Med. 641 (Dec. 1993).
Mungovan, Timothy W., Constitutional Law -- Protection of
Children Against Sexual Exploitation Act Chills Constitutionally
Protected Speech -- United States v. X-Citement Video, Inc., 27
Suffolk U. L. Rev. 221 (Spring 1993).
Oh, Alex Young K., Using Employment Testers to Detect
Discrimination: An Ethical and Legal Analysis, 7 Georgetown J.
Legal Ethics 473 (Fall 1993).
Russman, David P., Alternative Families: In Whose Best
Interests?, 27 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 31 (Spring 1993).
Schmitz, Maxine, Doe v. Boeing: The Employer's Duty to Reasonably
Accommodate the Handicapped Employee, 29 Gonzaga L. Rev. 205
(1993/94) (on transsexualism as a handicap under state civil
rights law).
Stone, Robert D., The American Military: We're Looking for a Few
Good [Straight] Men, 29 Gonzaga L. Rev. 133 (1993/94).
Specially Noted:
Richard Mohr, the University of Illinois philosopher who
specializes on lesbian and gay public policy issues (his two
previous books are Gays/Justice and Gay Ideas), has a new book
which will be available at the beginning of March: A More Perfect
Union: Why Straight America Must Stand Up for Gay Rights (Beacon
Press, 125 pages).
This book will be of special interest for
those who are doing legislative and political work, since it
provides the reader with a variety of strong arguments to use in
persuading reluctant public officials to embrace pro-gay
policies.
A.S.L. * * * BNA's Daily Labor Report No. 11, January
18, included a report titled "Domestic Partner Programs Praised
for Business Value, Yet Few Exist."
Symposia:
Women and the Courts, 2 Southern Cal. Rev. of L. & Women's
Studies No. 2 (Spring 1993).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Hulse, James W., Edward M. Basile and Dvorah A. Richman, How
Broad is the FDA's Authority Over Research and Investigational
IVDs?, 48 Food & Drug L.J. 285 (1993).
McLaughlin, Elizabeth Beard, A "Society Apart?"
The Military's
Response to the Threat of AIDS, Army Lawyer, Dept. of the Army
Pamphlet 27-50-251, Oct. 1993, p. 3.
Pincus, Laura, The Americans With Disabilities Act: Employers'
New Responsibilities to HIV-Positive Employees, 21 Hofstra L.
Rev. 561 (Spring 1993).
Podraza, Ronald, The FDA's Response to AIDS: Paradigm Shift in
New Drug Policy?, 48 Food & Drug L.J. 351 (1993).
Vilensky, Robert, New York Law on Confidentiality of Medical
Records -- Part I, 66 N.Y. State Bar J. No. 1, 38 (Jan. 1994)
(does not consider AIDS issues directly).
Warner, Daniel M., Caveat Spiritus: A Jurisprudential Reflection
Upon the Law of Haunted Houses and Ghosts, 28 Valparaiso U. L.
Rev. 207 (Fall 1993) (discusses statutes dealing with issues of
disclosure by real estate brokers that prior resident died from
AIDS).
Student Notes & Comments:
Butler, Kathlynn L., Securing Employee Health Benefits Through
ERISA and the ADA, 42 Emory L.J. 1197 (Fall 1993) (calls for
amendments to overrule McGann case).
Fuller, Michael R., Just Whose Life Is It?: Establishing a
Constitutional Right for Physician-Assisted Euthanasia, 23
Southwestern U. L. Rev. 103 (1993).
Ketchum, Michelle Morgan, Academic Decision-Making: Law Schools'
Discretion Under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 62 UMKC L.
Rev. 209 (Fall 1993).
Shaw, Pamela McKay, "Implied Consent" Statutes for HIV Testing by
an Individual's Physician -- Responsible Legislation Advancing
HIV Solely as a Medical Problem, 1 San Diego Justice J. 425
(Summer 1993).
Zakarin, Harris J., Scared to Death: A Cause of Action for AIDS
Phobia, 10 Touro L. Rev. 263 (Fall 1993).
Book Reviews:
Davis, Jennifer B., International Law & AIDS: International
Response, Current Issues, and Future Directions, 7 Emory Int'l L.
Rev. 709 (Fall 1993).
Specially Noted:
On Jan. 7, the New York Law Journal published a lengthy article
about the legal services program at Gay Men's Health Crisis in
New York City.
The article, by the Journal's regular pro bono
columnist, William J. Dean, provides detailed information about
the scope of services and volunteer opportunities available with
GMHC.
New York Law Journal is available on Westlaw.
EDITOR'S NOTE
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.
