https://www.rainforestconcern.org/privacy-policy
This Privacy Notice explains how Rainforest Concern uses and protects any personal information that you share with us.
Who we areRainforest Concern is a UK registered charity (charity no. 1028947). This privacy notice relates to the data processing activities, references to ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ are to Rainforest Concern.If you have any queries about our Privacy Policies, please contact our Data Compliance Officer at Rainforest Concern, 66 Great Pulteney Street, Bath, Somerset, BA2 4DL, via email info@rainforestconcern.org, or call us on 01225481151.We collect information about our supporters in order to make sure we are as effective as we can be in our efforts to protect threatened habitats.
It is important for you and for us that we protect your privacy. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Please take the time to read this Privacy Notice to understand what we do with your personal information.
Data Protection
The Data Protection Act 2018 & GDPR describe how organisations must collect, handle and store personal information.
These rules apply regardless of whether data is stored electronically, on paper or on other materials.
To comply with the law, personal information must be collected and used fairly, stored safely and not disclosed unlawfully.
The Data Protection Act is underpinned by eight important principles. These say that personal data must:
1. Be processed fairly and lawfully2. Be obtained only for specific, lawful purposes3. Be adequate, relevant and not excessive4. Be accurate and kept up to date5. Not be held for any longer than necessary6. Processed in accordance with the rights of data subjects7. Be protected in appropriate ways8. Not be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA), unless that country or territory also ensures an adequate level of protection
What information we collect and how
Personal information means information which relates to a living individual who can be identified from that information such as names, e-mail addresses, personal home addresses, personal phone numbers, personal bank account details, personal description and photograph, etc. (“Personal Information”).
The information we collect via the Website may include.
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the Website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers 'help' facility.Subscribing to our mailing listIf you subscribe to our mailing list, we will collect the following information:Your first and last nameYour email address
What we do with your information
Making a donationIf you make a donation, we process the following information:
Card & bank account details are collected and passed to our payment processors (Note that for security reasons and PCI Compliance, card and bank details are NOT stored in our systems).The amount, date and method of your donationYour email addressGift aid informationGiftee informationMailing list subscribers
1. We use your name so that we can address you personally when we get in contact.2. We use this to send you our communications.Legal basis
1. Legitimate Interest: We believe based on our assessments that it is in our legitimate interests to process your donation information for the purposes outlined and that your fundamental rights are not harmed in doing so.2. Consent: On the basis of your consent only.2a. Legitimate Interest: We believe based on our assessments that it is in our legitimate interests to process your Contact details for the purposes outlined and that your fundamental rights are not harmed in doing so.
Your Rights
You are in control of how we, and any other organisation, use and keep your personal information. Under data protection laws you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include the right to:
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address;require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold;require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations;receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that information to a third party in certain situations;object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing;object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information; andotherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please contact our Data Compliance Officer using the contact details provided above
Rainforest ConcernCloseui-chevron-nextui-chevron-prev