http://www.mjds.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:MJD Info Network ("MJD Info Network") operates http://www.mjds.net and may operate other websites. It is MJD Info Network's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, MJD Info Network collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. MJD Info Network's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how MJD Info Network's visitors use its website. From time to time, MJD Info Network may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
MJD Info Network also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.mjds.net blogs/sites. MJD Info Network only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to MJD Info Network's websites choose to interact with MJD Info Network in ways that require MJD Info Network to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that MJD Info Network gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.mjds.net to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with MJD Info Network are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, MJD Info Network collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with MJD Info Network. MJD Info Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
MJD Info Network may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. MJD Info Network may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, MJD Info Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
MJD Info Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MJD Info Network's behalf or to provide services available at MJD Info Network's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using MJD Info Network's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. MJD Info Network will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, MJD Info Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when MJD Info Network believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MJD Info Network, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an MJD Info Network website and have supplied your email address, MJD Info Network may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with MJD Info Network and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. MJD Info Network takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. MJD Info Network uses cookies to help MJD Info Network identify and track visitors, their usage of MJD Info Network website, and their website access preferences. MJD Info Network visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using MJD Info Network's websites, with the drawback that certain features of MJD Info Network's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If MJD Info Network, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that MJD Info Network goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of MJD Info Network may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by MJD Info Network and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, MJD Info Network may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in MJD Info Network's sole discretion. MJD Info Network encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.mjds.net account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to Find Help for Your Biology Assignment
Why Students Struggle with Math
Tips for Veterans Seeking Employment
Mass Force and Acceleration
Reasons for Taking Management Leadership Courses
What to Look for in Coworking Spaces
Tips for Choosing a School for Your Child
Pages
About Us
Ask A Question
Curriculum
Job interview preparation tips
Mission Statement
News, Events and Publications
Partnership 2000
Privacy Policy
Supporting MJDS
Terms of Service
Who we are
Follow
Tagsacceleration
course
coworking
drilling
driving
education
Elementary School
engineers
environment
essay
features
force
gas
homework
leadership
management
maths
maths homework
military veteran recruitment
oil
reference
refresher course
review
School
School Finder
spaces
students
teachimg
teaching
veteran
Writer
Categories
Business
Careers
Education
Employment
Learning
Science
Teaching
Uncategorized