https://www.aija.org/en/aija-privacy-policy.html
You can find regular updates on upcoming events on this webpage. Its contents will be updated continuously to give you access to the latest info.
MyAIJA
FR
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATIONOF YOUNG LAWYERS
Toggle navigation
About AIJAWhoOfficersNational RepresentativesVideosEventsAnnual congressPast eventsCommissions eventsScholarshipsApply for a scholarshipSponsorshipAnnual SponsorshipEventsOnline AdvertisingFocus: Legal TechOur Annual SponsorsSponsorship CommitteeMembershipApply for membershipFuture LawyersNational RepresentativesCollective MembersCommissionsCommission officersEvents by commissionPodcastNewsletterSubscribeCurrent yearArchiveContact usJoin AIJA
Information we collect through our services
1. What type of Personal Data do we collect?
2. Why do we process Personal Data and on what basis?
3. How long do we store Personal Data?
4. How do we store and secure your Personal Data?
5. How do we share your Personal Data?
6. What are your rights as data subjects and how to exercise them?
AIJA Privacy Policy Last updated on 2018-05-17 11:31:15AIJA asbl – Association Internationale des Jeunes Avocats - International Association of Young Lawyers, Avenue de Tervueren 231, 1150 Brussels, Belgium, registered under number 0850829857 (hereinafter referred to as “AIJA”, “we” or “us”) collects and processes information about individuals.
AIJA is the only global association devoted to lawyers and in-house counsel aged 45 and under. Since 1962 AIJA provides outstanding international opportunities for young lawyers to network, learn and develop through seminars, workshops, trainings, webinars, and conferences.
This privacy statement explains how we collect, use, store, and share your Personal information, as well as the options you have to control the dissemination of your Personal Information when you use our services. We collect Personal Data about you from the Websites: www.aija.org and awards.aija.org;  MyAIJA membership community; AIJA social media pages (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube). This Privacy Policy applies to these specific platforms, as well as any other websites and mobile applications owned or operated by us.
AIJA is committed to handling Personal data in compliance with applicable data protection laws, including as of 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)1. In particular, AIJA commits to only collecting and processing Personal data that is: processed fairly, in a transparent way and based on valid legal grounds; obtained for specific lawful purposes; adequate, relevant and not excessive; accurate and kept up to date; not held for longer than necessary; protected in appropriate ways and not transferred outside of the European Economic Area, unless adequate protective measures are in place.
AIJA is also committed to protect all personal data it processes and has to that end deployed adequate organisational and technical measures, including encryption and data classification, to prevent data breaches.
As further set below, by subscribing to our services as a member or non-member you consent to the data handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH OUR SERVICES
As used in this Policy:
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identify of that natural person.
“Cookie(s)” means a small piece of software that may be placed on a Visitor’s machine during the use of our Websites.
“Data subjects” refers to AIJA members, Website Visitors, AIJA Scholars, Suppliers, Events participants, Events sponsors, Events speakers, Employees, Business contacts and other people the association has a relationship with or may need to contact.
1. What type of Personal Data do we collect?
AIJA may collect the following categories of Personal Data to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes outlined in this policy:
Identification data, such as first name, name, pictures, IP address, cookies, photographs;
Contact data, such as email address, telephone number, postal address;
Personal information, such as age, date of birth, gender, marital status, citizenship;
Payment information, such as bank account details;
Education and profession and employment data, such as university, specialisation, function, past employers;
Other data that you have provided while contacting us, especially using the Contact us or signup forms on our website
For marketing purposes and to improve our Websites and services, we also collect data sent by your web browser, e.g., information about your browser, your IP address, and your operating system, as aforementioned.
In some circumstances, we also collect and process special categories of data, such as health data.
In most instances, we collect personal data directly from the Data Subject, but we may sometimes obtain Personal Data from third parties (such as the Data Subject’s employer or from a public authority).
2. Why do we process Personal Data and on what basis?
We process your Personal Data only if you have granted express consent for its stated purposes.
When AIJA processes Personal Data of its staff, it does so for the purposes of managing and administering, monitoring and supervising its personnel, based on legal obligations under the Belgian Law on Employment Contracts of 3 July 1978 and/or on the necessity to perform its obligations as employer under the employment contracts signed with its employees or under the consultancy contracts signed with its consultants.
AIJA also processes personal data of candidates who apply for job positions at AIJA for the purpose of recruitment activities, based either on the candidates’ consent or on the necessity to conclude a contract with candidates that have been selected.
AIJA also has a legitimate interest in the processing of personal data to the extent strictly necessary for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
AIJA processes Personal Data for the following purposes as well:
For general membership administration: AIJA has legitimate interest in the processing of Personal Data for the purpose of administering the membership and collecting membership fees. AIJA is bound by Belgian Company Law obligations.
For contract management purposes: AIJA has legitimate interest in the processing of Personal Data of representatives and contact persons of entities and associations which AIJA contracts (e.g. with respect to services agreements, consultancy agreements, sponsorship agreements, funding agreements).
For advocacy purposes: AIJA processes contact details of legal and professional associations, academics, professors, NGOs (Lawyers Without Borders, SOS Avocats) with the purposes of carrying out its advocacy activities.
For marketing purposes: AIJA processes Personal Data from individuals who register themselves on the AIJA website and give their express consent to receive updates from AIJA. You may revoke your consent to being contacted by email for promotional purposes any time, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in the footer of the AIJA email alerts or replying directly stating your wish to unsubscribe. AIJA updates may include the following: newsletters, information about future events or AIJA.
Further, we use a third-party supplier, Mailchimp (or another similar service we may engage in the future) to enable email tracking technology to obtain data on if you open an email or if you click on links in an email. This data will be used to help improve future marketing messaging and/or to prioritise follow-ups based on perceived communications relevance. Learn more from their Privacy Policy. Without your consent, we will not make use of Personal Data unique to you, such as your IP address, your device and browser information, or the time and number of times you open an email or click on a link. You can update at any time your preferences in the footer of the email alerts you may receive from us.
For communications purposes with delegates during events: We use a third-party supplier, Guidebook (or another similar service we may engage in the future), to ensure communications with participants during our events via an event app (“App”). The App stores details of all AIJA events such as programme, notifications, messages, Personal Data of delegates, list of participants. When you download or use the App, you may choose to provide Personal Data for your registration and/or profile as follows: Name, email, photo/profile image, company, position/title, gender, phone number, and/or website;
Linked social media accounts such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn;
If, when you create an account to use the App, you may choose to login using certain social media accounts (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.). In this case, the app will collect the login identifier and password from the account;
You may send messages to other event participants, connect with them, or AIJA may send notifications to you. In this case, the App will collect records and data reflecting your interactions with AIJA and the other users;
If your device enables location services for the App, the App will collect information about your location when you use it.
Learn more by reading the Privacy Policy of our current third-party supplier, Guidebook.
For business purposes: If you are a member of AIJA, we process your Personal Data, such as photo, name, email address, phone number, position/company and company address, to create the AIJA annual publication – AIJA Yearbook/Annual Report. This publication is shared across the AIJA network every year for the purposes of generating business referrals across the AIJA network and keeping our members connected.
For organising seminars and conferences: AIJA processes Personal Data from individuals who register online to participate to seminars and conferences organised by AIJA for the purpose of managing the registration and participation to such events based on the necessity for AIJA to meet its obligations as organiser of the events under the general terms and conditions that are expressly accepted by the individuals and/or based on consent for certain Personal Data.We also use third party suppliers and vendors, such as hotels, catering services to meet our obligations as organiser of the events under the general terms and conditions that are expressly accepted by the individuals and/or based on consent for certain Personal Data.
For website administration purposes: When you visit our website, our system automatically collects information about your visit, such as your browser type, your IP address and the referring website. See below for descriptions about the cookies used on our websites and how you can opt out from them:
Required Cookies: enable the navigation and basic functionality of the website, e.g., access to protected areas of the websites.
Opt-out: You can configure your browser to disable these Required Cookies. This may reduce the functionality of the website.
Functional Cookies: allow us to analyse your website usage and your selections on the website (e.g. your login name, language, or region), so we can save these settings and offer you a more personalised experience. Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc. (“Google”). Learn more from their Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Opt-out: Download the browser plugin “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here.
We also use third party cookies from YouTube to embed videos. Learn more from their Privacy Policy.
3. How long do we store Personal Data?
AIJA will only keep Personal Data for the time that is strictly necessary to achieve the purpose(s) for which they were collected, e.g. for the duration of a contractual relationship or of a project/event, and for a period of time thereafter if so required by applicable law or if in the primary interests of the Data Subjects.
4. How do we store and secure your Personal Data?
AIJA is committed to safeguarding your Personal Data. We employ reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorised access. Our cloud service providers implement industry standard security measures to protect your Personal Data when in storage and/or at rest.
Our employees are provided with context-specific access to our systems and servers and your Personal Data are subject to contractual obligations to access and use your Personal Data only as required to deliver Services to you.
While our Services use cloud infrastructure, our cloud provider places technical and procedural safeguards in place to limit their access to any of our business information, including your Personal Data.
Any changes to the treatment of Personal Data are reviewed and approved by AIJA management.
5. How do we share your Personal Data?
In addition to the sharing through usages described above, we engage third parties, such as hosting companies, security auditors, or analytics providers, to support us in activities relating to hosting and operating our Websites, marketing, analytics, improving the Websites and other platforms, and sending email newsletters.
These processors may be located outside the European Union.
We generally require such vendors to agree to maintain the confidentiality of all of our confidential and/or proprietary business information, including your Personal Data, and to use such information solely for the purpose of providing Services to us.
Our Websites may also include social media features (e.g. share or like buttons). Such features are provided by third-party social media platforms such as LinkedIn, Twitter, or Facebook. Where data is collected this way, its processing is governed by the privacy policy of the respective social media platforms.
Our website may link to third party websites to provide relevant references. We are not responsible for such external content, which may contain separate privacy policies and data processing disclosures. The fact that we link to a website is not an authorisation or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personal Data from you.
We may disclose your personal information if required by law, regulation, or other legal subpoena or warrant. We may also disclose your personal information to a regulatory or law enforcement agency if we believe it to be necessary to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AIJA, its members or any third party.
The above will be done with your informed consent and with adequate protective measures in place.
6. What are your rights as data subjects and how to exercise them?
As data subject, you have the following rights with respect to personal data we hold about you, subject to applicable legal restrictions:
Right of access to your Personal Data;
Right to rectification of incorrect or incomplete Personal Data;
Right to erasure of your Personal Data;
Right to restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
Right to data portability, i.e., the right to receive the Personal Data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller;
Right to object to all or part of the processing, when legally allowed;
Right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making, including profiling within the limits set out by the law;
Right to withdraw consent at any time when we process your Personal Data based on your consent;
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the EU.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or if you are not satisfied about how we protect your privacy, you should address your request by email together with a copy of your ID (which we will only use to verify your identity), to AIJA, as data controller at the following address: myprivacy@aija.org.
AIJA will aim at responding to data subject requests without undue delay and in any event within 1 month of receipt of the request.
Any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by Belgian law and the resolution of any disputes arising in connection with AIJA shall be subject to the sole jurisdiction of the Courts of Brussels, Belgium.
¹ Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
AIJA Congress 2021SpotlightAIJA podcastSustainability - the future of lawBest International Future Lawyer AwardJoin AIJAAIJA HouseCareersLearn about our Privacy Policy