https://www.murthalaw.com/info/privacy-notice
About Us
Our People
Offices
Practices & Industries
News & Alerts
Seminars & Events
Global Reach
Diversity & Inclusion
Careers
Contact Us
Government Affairs Group
Home >
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice Updated: May 25, 2018 Murtha Cullina LLP (“Murtha” or “we”) operates www.murthalaw.com and www.govtaffairsgroup.com (collectively referred to as the "Website").  This Privacy Notice describes information that Murtha may collect from you on its Website, how we collect and use this information, and with whom we share it. This Privacy Notice covers:
Information We Collect and How We Use It Information You Provide Information We Collect Based on Your Use of the Website (By Automated Means) Legal Basis for Using Your Personal Information Third Party Sites Sharing Your Information Protecting Your Information Your Options Opt-Out Change Your Information Access or Object to Use of Information Children’s Privacy Data Retention How to Contact Us Changes to this Privacy Notice
1. Information We Collect and How We Use It We collect personal information such as your name, business affiliation, postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address (“Personal Information”).  We also collect information about your use of the Website as described below. Information You Provide We only collect Personal Information about you that you voluntarily provide.  Our Website provides visitors the opportunity to register for events, sign up for newsletters, alerts, publications or blogs or to respond to your requests through the “Contact Us” page.  Otherwise, we do not obtain Personal Information about you when you visit our Websites. We use the Personal Information you provide to deliver the content you requested or to respond to your inquiry.  We may also use the information to communicate with you about other topics that we believe may be of interest to you.  You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or received services from us and you have not opted-out of receiving marketing communications.  You have the right to opt-out of receiving any of the communications described here. Information We Collect Based on Your Use of the Website (By Automated Means) Murtha may receive certain types of information automatically when you access the Website, such as your browser type and internet protocol (IP) address.  We use this information to diagnose Website technical problems, facilitate your use of our Website, or track aggregate Website traffic patterns.
This information includes cookies.  Cookies are text files that are placed on your computer when you visit certain websites.  Those cookies identify your computer and record your preferences and other data about your visit to that website so that when you return to the site, the site can personalize your return visit.  We may use cookies to collect information about your visit to determine which of our areas, features and forums are most popular, to personalize and improve your experience on our Website, and to complete transactions you may request.
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  Without cookies, however, you may not be able to access all content and features of our Website.
Additionally, we use analytics to understand the usage of our Website.  For example, we may generate reports that tell us how many users visited our Website and which pages were visited.  We also may examine the general geographic location of our Website visitors.  We do not use this information to identify visitors.  While we may share this data with third parties, we will only do so in aggregated form, which will not identify you in any way. Legal Basis for Using Your Personal Information We will only use your Personal Information as permitted by law.  Under most circumstances, we will use your Personal Information for the following permissible reasons:
to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (e.g. when we provide legal services to you); to carry out our legitimate interests provided that your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (e.g. planning for, putting on and following up on an event for which you registered); when you provide consent (e.g. when you request to receive newsletters, alerts, or updates or subscribe to a blog; you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us); or to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
2. Third-Party Sites The Website contains several links to third-party websites including third-party sites that process client payments. Murtha is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. We encourage you to read these other website privacy policies or notices. For example, the client portal link from the Website directs clients to the payment site operated by a financial institution.  If you choose to make payments online through the client portal, you will leave the Website and be directed to the financial institution’s website where you may be asked to provide personal information including your Murtha client number and payment information to that third party.  By utilizing the online payment service, the information you provide will be subject to the financial institution’s terms of use and privacy policy or notice. 3. Sharing Your Information We will not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information to third parties, but we may share your Personal Information with vendors we retain to perform services on our behalf.  We do not authorize vendors to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with applicable law. We may share your Personal Information if we are required to do so by law or legal process, in response to a request from government authorities in the form of subpoena or judicial order, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent personal harm or financial loss.
We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will require that the transferee use information you have provided through this website in a manner consistent with our Privacy Notice and the applicable legal framework. 4. How We Protect Your Information We employ industry-standard security measures designed to protect the security of all information submitted to Murtha directly or indirectly.  However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed. 5. Your Options Opt-Out You can opt-out of receiving any marketing communications from us at any time by contacting us or following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of electronic communications.
Change Your Information You can change, update, or delete your information with us at any time by contacting us. Access or Object to Use of Your Information In addition to the opt-out and edit options, if you are in a country within the European Economic Area (EEA), you can request access to your information, object to or seek to restrict our processing of your information in certain circumstances. Please note that you can always ask us to delete your information from all marketing communications or subscriptions at any time.
If you need further assistance regarding your options, please contact us and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. If you are in the EEA, you also have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. 6. Children's Privacy The Website is not intended for children.  If we learn that a child under 13 has submitted information to us through any part of the Website, we will delete this information as soon as practical. 7. Data Retention We keep your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide the service, content or information you requested.  We also may retain your information to comply with applicable law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, or other actions permitted by law. 8. How to Contact Us If you have any questions about our information practices, please contact us at 860-240-6000 or by writing us at Murtha Cullina LLP, 280 Trumbull Street, 12th Floor, Hartford, CT 06103; Attention: Privacy Officer or emailing privacyofficer@murthalaw.com. 9. Changes to this Privacy Notice Murtha may change this notice from time to time without notifying you.  If we make any changes, we will post a notice of any significant changes to this notice.  The date at the top of the notice will indicate the most recent revision date.   Privacy Protection Policy Required by CGS §42-471 Updated:  February 9, 2018 Murtha Cullina LLP (“Murtha”) collects Social Security Numbers (“SSN”) from our clients when it is necessary to perform legal services on their behalf.  Additionally, we keep records of employees’ SSN, as required by law.  At Murtha, we safeguard SSN by protecting the confidentiality of, prohibiting unlawful disclosure of and limiting access to SSN as described below.
Except as authorized by law and by the client, we do not disclose SSN of current or former clients or SSN of customers, clients, patients or employees of clients that we obtain in the course of representing our clients.  Any disclosure authorized by a client must be consistent with applicable laws, the provisions of the codes of professional responsibility and rules of ethics governing our conduct as lawyers.
As a general matter, we treat all information we receive from clients as confidential and protect it as such.  Additionally, we configured our document management system to impose certain access limitations for our practice groups that routinely collect SSN.  For these practice groups, we limit access to client information to the attorneys and staff within that practice group.
Access to SSN of employees is strictly limited to employees with a business need to access such information, including employees in the Human Resources and Payroll Departments. The limited employees with access to employee SSN may not disseminate SSN internally or externally, except to fulfill a necessary business function of Murtha Cullina such as performing payroll or employee benefit functions, or to comply with a court order, service of process, or other applicable law. We train all Murtha Cullina staff annually on the importance of the protection of client information and, in particular, of sensitive personal information such as SSN.
Sign-Up For Our
E-Newsletter
Follow Us
Sign-Up For Our E-Newsletter