http://www.cagw.org/about-us/privacy-policy-0
Privacy Policy Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:  www.cagw.org.Your InformationWe use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.Our site’s registration forms require users to give us contact information (like your name and e-mail address) and financial information (like your credit card number).  We use the contact information from the registration forms to send you information about our organization and various public policy issues through periodic e-mails and a monthly e-newsletter.  Your contact information may also be used to contact you if necessary.  Financial information that is collected is used to process contributions.  We also continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.Choice/Opt-OutOur site gives you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about you.CAGW does not send unsolicited e-mail messages.  Each e-mail communication sent from our site provides an option for you to opt out of receiving future e-mails.  Just click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message.  You may also e-mail us at membermgr@cagw.org.“Cookies”You should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the CAGW website through the use of “cookies.”  Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements.  Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files.  Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.  If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature.  CAGW uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information from our online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience, facilitate their visit within our site, and, with assistance from third-party vendors including Google, serve ads on the Internet based on a user’s prior visits to our site.  You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.Contacting the CAGW WebsiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may contact:Web MasterCitizens Against Government Waste1100 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 650, Washington, DC 20036202-467-5300webmaster@cagw.orgThis site contains links to other sites.  CAGW is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Sign Up For Email Updates Optional Member Code About UsContact UsMission/HistoryFinancial InformationDirectors and StaffJobsInternshipsFAQs Connect with us© Citizens Against Government WastePrivacy Policy1100 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Suite 650, Washington, DC 20036202-467-5300