http://www.slhlaw.com/privacy/
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Privacy
Stanley, Lande & Hunter is committed to ensuring the privacy and confidentiality of visitors to the firm's web site. As such, Stanley, Lande & Hunter utilizes industry-standard security measures to safeguard internet communications. The purpose of this statement is to explain the types of information Stanley, Lande & Hunter collects about visitors to its websites, the manner in which this information is collected and used, with whom and under what circumstances the information is shared, and the manner in which visitors can restrict the use or disclosure of such information.
Security
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority for Stanley, Lande & Hunter. We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. Once we receive your information that was entered into our web site, it is stored behind a firewall. All Stanley, Lande & Hunter employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.
Information Collected From Web Site Visitors
Stanley, Lande & Hunter's web servers automatically collect information from site visitors, such as IP addresses and browser information, in order to optimize users' web experience and analyze traffic patterns. This information is collected and analyzed on a summary basis only. It is not personally identifiable.
While Stanley, Lande & Hunter's web servers automatically collect visitor domain names, they do not involuntarily collect personal identification information about visitors. The web servers gather information about the particulars of a visitor's visit through the Stanley, Lande & Hunter web site such as the web page from which a visitor enters Stanley, Lande & Hunter's site, the pages within Stanley, Lande & Hunter's site visited, how long a visitor is on the site, and other such information that will help Stanley, Lande & Hunter evaluate and improve its site.
We collect personally identifiable information only when voluntarily provided by website users.
Internal Disclosure of Information
Stanley, Lande & Hunter employees are permitted access to the information they require to perform their jobs and service customers. Stanley, Lande & Hunter maintains strict internal policies against the unauthorized disclosure or use of customer information. Stanley, Lande & Hunter has no subsidiaries that information is shared with.
Third Party Disclosure of Information
Stanley, Lande & Hunter does not sell or disclose personal identification information obtained on-line from visitors through company web site to anyone outside of Stanley, Lande & Hunter.
Personal Identification Information Collection
When visitors voluntarily provide personal identification information to Stanley, Lande & Hunter through the firm's web site, Stanley, Lande & Hunter limits its use of such information to the purposes for which the information was provided. However, Stanley, Lande & Hunter reserves the right to use such information for marketing/product development research and other similar purposes and/or to contact a visitor regarding additional services/products such visitor may find useful. Visitors have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying Stanley, Lande & Hunter of their preference.
We do not sell personally identifiable information about our members to any third party.
Co-Sponsors or Co-Branded Products/Services
In order to maintain our independent position in the industry, Stanley, Lande & Hunter does not have any co-sponsored or co-branded sites or features. Our site does provide links to other sites only for the convenience of our visitors. Stanley, Lande & Hunter does not endorse any such sites listed.
Unsolicited E-mail
Stanley, Lande & Hunter does not send unsolicited "junk" e-mail (spam). However, the firm does use e-mail to communicate with clients and respond to visitor inquiries and send information requested by visitors through the firm's web site. Any visitors receiving unwanted e-mail from Stanley, Lande & Hunter should contact the firm and advise of their desire not to receive future e-mails and/or request removal from Stanley, Lande & Hunter e-mail list. As soon as reasonable practicable, Stanley, Lande & Hunter will remove such visitor from the firm's e-mail list.
Cookies
This website does not use cookies.
Links
Links to other websites provided in this website are for your information and convenience only, and will let you leave the Stanley, Lande & Hunter website. These websites are not under the control of Stanley, Lande & Hunter and Stanley, Lande & Hunter is not in any way liable for any loss or damage arising from browsing or using these websites, and Stanley, Lande & Hunter is not responsible for any content found in those websites. Links are neither endorsements nor proof of affiliation with Stanley, Lande & Hunter. Electronic files and software downloaded over the Internet can contain viruses and other risks, and Stanley, Lande & Hunter makes no guarantee that files downloaded or purchased from these websites or Stanley, Lande & Hunter's own website will be virus free nor cause computer problems.
Each of these unaffiliated websites may have a privacy policy different from that of Stanley, Lande & Hunter. These links may take you to the websites of advertisers, sponsors and co-branding partners. Stanley, Lande & Hunter is not responsible for any actions or policies of such owners of websites. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these websites before providing personally identifiable information.
Questions
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Contact.us [at] slhlaw.com.
×
news
resources
Go
Who We Are
Careers
Our Staff
Community Spirit
Our Attorneys
Our Clients
Practice Areas
Business and Corporate
Litigation
Personal Legal Services
Contact Us