http://www.ts-adyar.org/content/privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The Theosophical Society is not responsible for any statement on this website unless marked official.  This website of The Theosophical Society with Headquarters at Adyar, India, includes some references and links to other websites.  The Theosophical Society is not responsible for, and does not necessarily endorse, the information or links contained within those websites.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you visit or register on our site, fill out a form or contact us.
When registering or filling out a form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, address, e-mail address, phone. You may, however,visit our site anonymously.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, so long those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights,  property, or safety.  However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for other uses.
Third Party Links
At our discretion, we may include third party news or links on our website.  These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.  We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.  Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy only
This online privacy policy applies on to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. The policy was last modified on 26-March-2010
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Theosophical Society
Adyar, Chennai 600020
India