http://www.freewebsitetemplates.com/about/terms
Log in or Sign up
Free Website Templates
Website Templates
About
>
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used.
For information on cookies and how you can disable them visit our Cookie Usage page.
Dismiss Notice
Terms of Use
About
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Terms of Use
Redistribution
Privacy Policy
Before using a template from Free Website Templates you must agree to the following Terms of Use:
Usage of Our Website Templates
You can do a lot with our website templates. You can download each template for free, modify it and create your own website with it. If you're a web design company, you can even use it for your clients as long as you don't charge them anything for the templates. You're allowed to use the templates without linking back to us, so you can remove any link to our website that you may find in the templates. You can also share our templates with a friend or colleague by linking to our download files.
Making Money with Our Website Templates
All materials and resources found on Free Website Templates are strictly not for sale.
However, you may use our templates as a way to earn money, as long as you don't charge your clients a single amount for the template and that you are only charging them for other costs of your labor, such as, but not limited to, the following: website implementation, hosting, template modifications, and maintenance. Furthermore, you agree to inform your clients that the template is absolutely free.
Inclusion of Our Templates in Your Online Portfolio
Templates from Free Website Templates shall not be included in your portfolio, except for the following conditions: If you modified our template, you may include it in your portfolio page along with a link to Free Website Templates. Furthermore, you must clearly specify in your portfolio page that the said template is the property of Free Website Templates.
Credits to be Retained
Credits in the source code must be retained. You agree to leave the copyright notes in the HTML and CSS source code even if you modify the template. This is a very generous offer since our competitors force you to leave ugly "design by" credit links in the footer of your website, which makes your website look very unprofessional. The source code is only viewed by developers, which comprise less than 1% of all visitors. This will never be seen by regular visitors.
Third Party's Terms of Agreement: Images
The template images that are acquired through a Third Party are subject to that Third Party's Terms of Agreement.
To know if images used are from a Third Party, follow the discussion link of the website template or read the About Page in the website template (if available).
Redistribution
To uphold the quality of each template and continuously ensure ease of usability, redistribution is prohibited unless otherwise approved by Free Website Templates. For exceptions to this term, follow the link for information on Redistribution Terms of Agreement.
Now the Lawyer Talk:
All materials and resources found on Free Website Templates are protected by copyright laws.
All templates found on Free Website Templates shall not be used by any entity for the purpose of promoting or participating in any illegal activities, including but not limited to the following: hacking, cracking, malicious computer crime or fraud.
Free Website Templates and all its affiliates will not be held responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever as a result of, or relating to, the use of this website, other websites or resources linked to or accessed through this website. Furthermore, Free Website Templates will not be held responsible for any and all claims, liabilities, losses, business interruption, loss of program or other data, cost and expenses (including lawyers' fees on a solicitor and client basis) resulting from the use of any and all materials found on our website.
If you do not agree to the terms above, please do not use this website. Furthermore, violations of the terms of use are also considered a breach of our intellectual property rights as well as our copyrighted materials.
Free Website Templates has the right to revise the Terms of Use as well as anything else on this website at any time without prior notice.
The Forums
The providers ("we", "us", "our") of the service provided by this website ("Service") are not responsible for any user-generated content ("Content"). Content posted express the views of their author only.
You agree to not use the Service to post or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any Content posted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We reserve the right to take action against any account with the Service at any time.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Service. You retain copyright over the Content.
All Content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use this Service. If you wish to close your account, please contact us.
End Note
Thank you for reading our Terms of Use and good luck with your website.
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Free Website Templates
Website Templates
About
>