http://www.psitek.net/psitek-privacy.html
Privacy Policy / Affiliate Disclosure
Overall Summary
We provide the information on this website to you for free. We at PsiTek have no
interest in your personal details other than to make it easier for you to receive this information.
This Privacy Policy
This
privacy policy sets out how we use and
protect any information that you give when you use this website.
We at PsiTek are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask
you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when
using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used
in accordance with this privacy statement.
We
may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You
should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy
with any changes.
What we collect
We collect email addresses.
We may also use cookies. For an explanation, see the section on cookies below.
Some of our advertisers may use cookies, see below for more details
How we use email addresses
We use your email address simply to let you know when we have made significant updates to our website, or to inform you of items we think will be of interest to you. We will not sell, share or trade your email address with anyone else.
How we use cookies
A
cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie
helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular
site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an
individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your
needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information
about your preferences.
We
use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This
helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in
order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.
Overall,
cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to
monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in
no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us.
You
can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers
automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from
taking full advantage of the website.
Third Party cookies
We also use third party advertisements on PsiTek.net to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”).
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information”.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
Links to other websites
Our PsiTek site may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have
used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have
any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you
provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by
this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the
privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites
Return To PsiTek Home Page - Terms of Service