https://www.safehaven4donkeys.org/privacy-notice/
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
About Safe Haven
Trustees and Staff
Our Patrons
Where We Work
Rescue Donkeys
Helping Donkeys
Adopt a Donkey
Donkey Gallery
Donkey Videos
Get Involved
Fundraising
Leave a Legacy
How You Can Help
Make a Donation
The Weather Lottery
Blog
Gift Shop
Virtual Donkey Gifts
Donkey Stationary
Soft Donkey Toys
Donkey Kitchenware
Safe Haven Clothing
Shopping Bags
Christmas Cards
Publications
The History of the Donkey
Not Just A Small Horse
Donkey Health Check
Donkey’s Quality of Life
Feeding The Donkey
Donkeys’ Teeth
Donkey Footnotes
SHADH Publications
Latest Newsletters
Events
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
In carrying out our day to day activities Safe Haven for Donkeys in the Holy Land processes and stores personal information relating to our supporters and we are therefore required to adhere to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation and other relevant Acts and Regulations. We take our responsibilities very seriously and we ensure the personal information we obtain is held, used, transferred and otherwise processed in accordance with that Regulation and all other applicable data protection laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations.
Personal information we might collect includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, whether you are a tax payer (for Gift Aid purposes), bank account details if you set up a regular payment, donations you have made or events in which you have participated. On occasion, we may need to look up your telephone number in the phone book to contact you regarding a donation you have made – we would then store this data in our database in case it is needed for the same purpose in the future.
We collect this data for purposes including the processing of any donation made by you, to provide you with any products or information you have requested or for internal record keeping/accounting/administration. Having supported us, under the “legitimate interest” condition for processing data we believe that you would like to receive our quarterly newsletter and occasional additional appeals or updates on our work and so we will also use your details for this purpose.
If you use your credit or debit card to donate to us, buy something or pay online or over the phone, we will ensure that this is done securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. All card details and validation codes are securely destroyed once the payment or donation has been processed. Other information will be held as long as is reasonably necessary to allow us to continue to communicate with you or to comply with relevant legislation. For example, the HMRC require Gift Aid declarations to be retained indefinitely.
We will not sell, share or swap your information with any third parties unless required to do so for legal reasons (for example to the police). We do send the names and addresses of our supporters to the printers who produce our quarterly newsletter. They also comply with the General Data Protection Regulation and use your details solely for the purpose of mailing the newsletter. They do not retain the data or use it for any other purpose.
It is your choice on the type of communications and information you receive about our charity and the ways in which you can get involved. You can change your mind at any time by contacting us by post, e-mail or phone using the contact details on page two of this newsletter. If you have a complaint about how your data is processed, please contact us in the first instance. If we cannot resolve the situation, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have the right to request copies of any data held about you and to request rectification of any inaccuracies.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
FACEBOOK PIXEL
Conversion tracking helps us measure the return on investment of Facebook Ads by reporting on the actions that people take after viewing those ads. We create pixels that track conversions, add them to the pages of our website where the conversions will happen and then track these conversions back to ads we are running on Facebook. No personal information is contained in or collected as a result of using these cookies or pixels. To opt out of remarketing pixels and technologies, visit Facebook.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is empty
Continue Shopping