https://www.lrbc.org.uk/privacy_policy/
Skip navigation
LRBC
Leigh Road Baptist Church
home
about us
new to the church?
living the life
news
what's on
contact us
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Vimeo
LRBC extranet login
Username:
Password:
forgot password
loginclose
privacy policy
lrbc website privacy policy
This is the privacy policy for the Leigh Road Baptist Church website.
you are here: home > privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Leigh Road Baptist Church is located at Marguerite Drive, Leigh-on-Sea, Essex SS9 1NN. The Church is responsible as “data controller” for all the data processed in terms of the legislation. We may process substantial amounts of “personal data” and/or “special category data” as defined in UK data protection legislation. Such data may relate to our staff/Church members/visitors (both virtual and physical) as well as suppliers of services. We process data in the provision of our services to the community.
We may share data with third parties as part of our contracted services and/or if we are required to do so by UK law. However we cannot accept liability for any processing conducted by any third party outside our remit.
In accordance with legislation we have completed a cookie audit on our website. We use these internet files with Google Analytics to monitor and improve our website. We cannot accept any responsibility for any processing by these sites.
We store and/or utilise data whilst it remains relevant to the services we provide and/or our own administration. All deletion is by secure means.
None of the above affects your rights under the legislation, in particular access to your data. You may request a copy of the personal information we may hold on you – this should be submitted in writing or email (contact details can be found on the contact us page). Please include enough information to enable us to identify you and search for appropriate data.
If you are dissatisfied with this policy, have queries about our data protection procedures or wish to lodge a complaint, please contact the Leigh Road Baptist Church in the first instance. Thereafter you have the right to submit a complaint to the Supervisory Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO):
The Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
Quick Links
church services
alpha course
meet the team
living the life
newcomers evenings
weddings
new baby
funerals
contact us
Visit the Give as you live page - turn every pound you spend into online funds for Leigh Road Baptist Church
Leigh Road Baptist Church
Marguerite Drive,
Leigh on Sea,
Essex
SS9 1NN
tel: 01702 478698   email: office@lrbc.org.uk
LRBC is a registered charity in England no 1169192
Love Leigh Road
The Stables
Love Southend
Fairtrade
Baptist Union of Great Britain
Copyright Leigh Road Baptist Church © 11 December 2020   Privacy Policy  |  Web design by Ecru