https://www.bothellumc.org/privacy-policy/
SUNDAY SERVICE ONLINE AT 9am
Worship
Advent
Bothell Beacon
Worship Options
Map & Directions
Attendance
Prayer Requests
Zoom Help
Ministries
M-F Morning Devotions
ANTI-RACIST
#ONEyear
Adults
Small Groups
Young Adults
United Methodist Women
United Methodist Men
Adults Overview
Music
Bothell Kids
Bothell Youth
Community Programs
Bothell Urban
Guardians of the Earth
About
Joshua 5 Team
Email Sign Up
About Us
Staff
Reconciling Ministries
Who We Are
History
The Witness
Sermon Videos
Resources
Calendar
Safe Sanctuaries
Care
Community Meal
Care Programs
Weddings
Request a Prayer
Serve
at Bothell UMC
Local Community
U.S. and Global
Blog
Give
All You Can
Give
Search Site
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Content Policy
All content on this website unless marked otherwise belongs to Bothell United Methodist Church and may not be used, copied or distributed without express written permission.
Privacy Policy
This is a website of Bothell United Methodist Church in Bothell, Washington. By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy as detailed below. Our website privacy policy is as follows:
Information security practices
We and our website hosting providers employ a variety of security measures in our data centers and hosting facilities to protect against the unauthorized access, theft, loss, misuse, or alteration of information we collect from you.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that our sites store on your computer through your web browser (if you allow it) that enable our systems to recognize your browser and remember certain information. We use cookies to:
Understand and save your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
Help remember and process donations or items for purchase.
Compile aggregate data about site usage in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies through your browser. If you disable cookies, some of our features will not function properly.
IP address tracking
When you connect to our site, our servers recognize the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer providing you with Internet access. The IP address is used to gather location information of site visitors and can help diagnose problems with our servers or otherwise administer our site.
Personal information collection
We collect information from you when you create an account, make a donation, register for an event, sign up for a newsletter, respond to a survey, or any time you enter information into our site. Users can visit the site anonymously, with the understanding that our servers do collect IP address information.
In order to complete the purposes of your visit to our site, you might be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details.
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To complete the purposes of your visit.
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To send emails regarding your account, donation, registration, etc.
To send periodic email newsletters you requested.
To follow up with you after correspondence with us.
Third-party disclosure
Any information collected is for use by the church. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include website hosting providers and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when such release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Access to your information
Upon request we will provide you with access to all information that we have collected about you. Visitors may obtain and correct this information by sending a request to us at info@cor.org so that we may take action to remove such information.
Email from the church
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can contact us at bumcoffice@bothellumc.org.
Third-party links
Sometimes we include or link to third-party websites on our website. Third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies; we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Privacy policy changes
We may change this policy from time to time. If we do, we will post the new policy here.
Any questions about our website, inquiries about copyrighted material, or concerns about this policy should be directed to:
Bothell United Methodist Church
18515 92nd Ave NE
Bothell, WA 98011-2299
bumcoffice@bothellumc.org
425-486-7132