http://www.jcagw.org/legal
Skip to content
A. Fees and Program Policies
Download a PDF of our Fees policy.
Within the limits of its resources, JCA serves people of all faiths and from all walks of life. Indeed, we try to be as inclusive as possible in all that we do. Sometimes, however, JCA may deny a person or group the option to enroll or to continue to participate in all or particular programs and services. We reserve the right to do so, at our sole discretion, should we believe that our action is in the best interest of the individual or program or for any other reason not precluded by applicable law.
B. Fundraising Parameters
Download a PDF of our Fundraising Parameters.
C. Information We Collect
JCA collects two types of information about you when you visit our site: personal information (including, by way of example only, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number), and non-personal, aggregate information (such as information regarding the pages on our site you have visited and your IP address).
1. Personally Identifiable Information
The only personally identifying information that we collect and store about you is the information that you have chosen to provide to us.  For example, if you wish to sign up for a program offered on our site, we will have to collect your personal information to respond to your request.  If you request to be put on our mailing list, we will collect your name, address, e-mail address and other information necessary to respond to your request.  Additionally, if you send us an e-mail requesting information about JCA or otherwise ask us a question, we may collect your name, address, e-mail address and other personal information so that we can respond to your request or question.  We may also from time to time send you e-mail and postal correspondence regarding products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Furthermore, if you chose to make a donation or purchase other services from the JCA website, we will collect the personally identifiable information necessary to complete your request.
2. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect and use non-personally identifiable information about you in the following ways:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address or the proxy address of your Internet Service Provider (e.g. AOL, Gmail, Google, Comcast, etc.);
The resource on the JCA server accessed as a result of the request, such as the web page, image, etc.;
The query in the request;
The name and version of your web browser;
The content of any sent or received cookie, as defined below;
The Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that was accessed before making the request for JCA’s web server.
Cookies
Some parts of the JCA website may use a “cookie” – a file placed on your computer hard drive allowing the JCA server to log the pages accessed in the JCA site to determine if you have visited before.  This cookie captures no personally identifying information.  You may set your browser to warn you when placement of a cookie is requested, and decide whether or not to accept it.  Please note that by rejecting a cookie some of the features available on the site may not function properly.
D. Loss, Misuse or Alteration of Information — Security
We make every effort to have reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control, including using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to collect and transmit your information.  This software encrypts all of your person information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
E. Protection of Clients’ Civil Rights
PROTECTION OF CLIENTS’ CIVIL RIGHTS
JCA Respects Civil Rights
The Jewish Council for the Aging of Greater Washington, Inc. (JCA®) operates its programs
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, age or disability in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act and other applicable laws. For more information, contact the CEO at 301.255.4200.
JCA Title VI Policy Statement
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 states: “No person in the United States shall, on the
grounds of race, color, or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.”
Making a Title VI Complaint
Any person who believes he or she has been aggrieved by an unlawful discriminatory practice under Title VI may file a complaint with JCA. Any such complaint must be in writing and filed with JCA within 180 days following the date of the alleged discriminatory occurrence.
For information on how to file a complaint, see the form below or contact JCA
By writing the CEO, David Gamse at 12320 Parklawn Drive, Rockville, MD 20852;
By emailing dgamse@AccessJCA.org;
By faxing your request for information to 301.231.9360;
By calling 301.255.4200 or, for hearing-impaired persons, calling Maryland Relay at 711 or 1.800.735.2258.
Download a PDF of JCA’s Title VI, ADA and EEO Complaint Form.
F. Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
We believe in equal opportunity for all workers, regardless of age, and that 50+ workers should have a level playing field in their ability to compete for and obtain jobs. Recognizing the value of experienced workers, we have proudly signed the AARP “Work Reimagined Pledge” — a promise to recruit across diverse age groups and to consider all applicants on an equal basis as we hire for positions within our organization.
It is the policy of the Jewish Council for the Aging of Greater Washington, Inc. to prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, sex, gender or gender identity, color, national origin, religion, age, veteran status, political affiliation, genetics, or disability in the recruitment, selection, hiring and promotion of its staff. Moreover, reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and or interview processes in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act.
If you need accommodation related to human resources, please contact Kevin Feltz,  Director of Finance and Administration by calling him at 301.255.4233, by emailing him at KFeltz@AccessJCA.org  by sending a fax to him at 301.231.9360 or by mailing a letter to him at JCA, 12320 Parklawn Drive, Rockville, MD 20852.
A job applicant who believes that he or she has been treated unfairly should put his or her complaint in writing, include as much detail as possible and send the written notice, signed and dated, to David Gamse, Chief Executive Officer, by emailing a scan of the signed letter to him at dgamse@AccessJCA.org; by sending a fax of the signed letter to him at 301.231.9360 or by mailing the signed letter to him at JCA, 12320 Parklawn Drive, Rockville, MD 20852.
An employee who believes that he or she has been treated unfairly should follow the procedures listed in the JCA Employee Handbook, which all employees receive at hire.
Updated April 24, 2020
ADA and EEO Comp
Download JCA’s Title VI, ADA and EEO Complaint Form as well as the JCA policy related to the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act as amended.
Updated May 8, 2017
G. Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
1. Disclosure of Information by JCA
We may share your personally identifiable information with any affiliates, partners, agents or other parties whose products and services may be of interest to you.  If you do not want us to share your information in this manner, please see the “CHOICE” section below.  JCA also reserves the right to disclose your personal and non-personal information if JCA reasonably believes it is required to do so by law; to protect itself or to protect the rights of another user; to reduce the risk of credit or other kind of fraud; or to comply with a court order.
JCA may also share your personally and non-personally identifiable information with third parties that help manage our web site and databases and credit card processing companies.
JCA may share your information with third parties in order to fulfill your request or otherwise complete a service provided to you.
In the unlikely event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, your personally identifiable information may be transferred to this acquiring entity.
Though we may also from time to time share your personal information with third parties for research and development purposes, we will not sell your personal information to any third parties, other than as specifically disclosed in this policy.
2. Third Party Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Additionally, third party sites may from time to time link to the JCA website. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or practices of any other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website that they visit. Our privacy policy applies solely to the JCA website, located at www.accessjca.org.
Choice
JCA provides you with the following choices regarding the use of your information:
You may choose not to provide us with any personal information;
You may set your browser not to accept cookies, or to warn you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. If you choose not to accept cookies, however, your ability to navigate this website may be hindered;
If you would like to unsubscribe to any of our services or would like us to remove you from any of our online mailing lists, please contact the JCA Executive Office via https://accessjca.org/contact/.
You may access the personal information we have collected about you and correct any inaccuracies by contacting David Gamse, Chief Executive Officer, using form below.
If you do not want us to share your information, please send an email to David Gamse, Chief Executive Officer.
Be a hero. Donate Today.
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Clear cookies
Close