https://www.preventdisease.com/home/terms_conditions.shtml
Calculate Your Body Fat Percentage
How Flexible Are You? Sit and Reach Test
Assess Your Active and Resting Metabolic Rate
Calculate Your Real Age & Life Expectancy
How Many Calories DoYou Burn While Walking
Calculate Child or Teen Body Composition
Have You Posted
Pictures on the Internet? Invasive Surveillance Awaits
MSG Lurks As A Slow Poison In Common Food Items Without Knowing
Avoid Ice Creams With Toxic Ingredients
Cure Tooth Decay Naturally By
Identifying The Real Cause of Cavities
Why is Glycemic Load More Significant Than Glycemic Index?
The 9 Personalities Which Are Changing The World
Everything Is A Lie: The Deliberate Intent To Deceive People Is At An All Time High
The Facts, Stats and Dangers of Soda Pop
Soy Lecithin: How It Negatively Affects Your Health And Why You Need To Avoid It
VO2 Max: How Fit Is An Athlete?
What is Acid / Alkaline Balance?
Hogwash Alert: One Flu Shot To Protect All Humans From All Flu Strains For Ten Years?
Awaken Your Brain: Coming Alive to Vibrant Well-being and a New Reality
Free Energy Is An Absolute Imperative For The Future Of The Earth And Humanity
How Dangerous Is Fluoride To Your Health?
Never Be Sick Again: Understanding Disease
Terms
& Conditions
1.
You understand and agree that PreventDisease.com services
are provided to registered users ("you" or "visitor"
or "User" or, collectively, "Users") exclusively under PreventDisease.com
Terms of Service. By completing the member registration process
and clicking the "Activate Account" button, you are eligible
to open a PreventDisease.com membership account, and you agree
to have read and understood these Terms and Conditions ("Terms
of Service"), and you agree to be bound by the Terms
of Service in effect and as updated by PreventDisease.com
from time to time. This service is provided to individuals
who are at least 18 years old or minors who have parental
permission to open an PreventDisease.com membership account.
2. PreventDisease.com reserves the right to terminate any
User's account if PreventDisease.com learns that such User
has provided PreventDisease.com with false or misleading membership
registration information or has violated the Terms of Service
Agreement . PreventDisease.com may not provide any notification
of cancellation to any members' User account.
3. You understand and agree to the standards and limitations
of our privacy policy which may also may updated from time
to time. A complete statement of PreventDisease.com privacy
policy can be found in its entirety in its special section.
4. PreventDisease.com may modify or discontinue any of its
services or any User's account with or without notice to any
User, without liability to any User or any third party.
5. You understand and agree that PreventDisease.com services
are provided "AS IS " with no warranties.
6. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account number and/or password. You are responsible
for all uses of your account, whether or not authorized by
you. You agree to immediately notify PreventDisease.com of
any unauthorized use of your account.
7. YOU UNDERSTAND AND EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF PreventDisease.com
SERVICES ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA
DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF PreventDisease.com
SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL
BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM
OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL
AND/OR DATA.
PreventDisease.com EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
8. PreventDisease.com MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION
REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED
THROUGH PreventDisease.com SERVICES (i.e. website, e-newsletter,
c-newsletter, web content, etc), AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT
SAID INFORMATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR
ERROR FREE.
9. PreventDisease.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL PERSONAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM OPINIONS, ADVICE OR RECOMMENDATIONS
MADE FROM ANY CONTRACTOR OR EMPLOYEE AT PreventDisease.com.
10. PreventDisease.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE
PreventDisease.com SERVICES, RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS OR SERVICES
PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS
ENTERED INTO THROUGH PreventDisease.com SERVICES, RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF USER'S
TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA OR FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES.
11. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless PreventDisease.com
its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants
and agents from any and all third party claims, liability,
damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys
fees) arising from your use of PreventDisease.com services,
your violation of the Terms of Service or your infringement,
or infringement by any other user of your account, of any
intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
12. The Terms of Service will be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada,
without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or
your actual province, state or country of residence.
13. The Terms of Service will inure to the benefit of PreventDisease.com
successors, assigns and licensees.
14. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will
be effective only if in writing and signed by PreventDisease.com.
15. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds
any provision or portion of the Terms of Service to be unenforceable,
the remainder of the Terms of Service will continue in full
force and effect.
16. The Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings
or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
BACK
TO TOP
Legal
Disclaimer
1. PreventDisease.com is provided to members
FREE of charge on a " AS IS " basis and protected
by this legal disclaimer . PreventDisease.com is not responsible
for the accuracy of all news, medical content, financial
information or any other information displayed on the website
. All users of PreventDisease.com are encouraged to confirm
the accuracy with other reliable sources . PreventDisease.com
is not responsible or liable in any circumstances for any
lost profits or other consequential damages that may result
from any errors displayed on PreventDisease.com. All the
medical content may be used by members only for educational
purposes and PreventDisease.com will not be liable for any
medical decisions made by anybody based on information displayed
on the website or relying on the printable version of the
health articles. PreventDisease.com medical content is not
meant to guide patients or any users in respect to their
health decisions and all users must seek the services of
their healthcare provider for all their healthcare needs.
2. Any financial decisions made by PreventDisease.com users
based on any financial data displayed on PreventDisease.com
are done at users sole discretions and PreventDisease.com
will not be held liable for any losses even if the decisions
were based on inaccurate information displayed on the website.
3. All advertisement banners are linked to advertisers websites
who are solely responsible for the content displayed on
their sites and PreventDisease.com does not endorse or guarantee
any of the services provided by the advertisers . Also the
weblinks provided in individual sections of PreventDisease.com
are meant only as an added service to users and PreventDisease.com
is not responsible for the content displayed on the linked
websites.
4. Many articles, text, images, photos, software, audio
and other content contained on PreventDisease.com has been
provided by external sources, and PreventDisease.com is
not responsible for its quality, merchantability and/or
fitness for a particular purpose, whether personal or professional.
If any articles, text, images, photos, software, audio or
other content on PreventDisease.com has been electronically
reproduced in violation of copyright laws, requests to remove
content from the website should be made in writing, and
sent by registered mail to the address shown on the website
under the "Contact
Us" link. PreventDisease.com makes every effort
to acknowledge the original source of authorship and publication
of health news and information. However, on the event that
reference sources are misrepresented and/or absent on any
PreventDisease.com webpage, requests to modify and/or add
any reference source information (i.e. original publication
date, author, organization, etc) should be made in writing,
sent with certifying documentation of original publication,
and delivered by registered mail to the address shown on
the website under the "Contact
Us" link.
5. All
software and audio content available on PreventDisease.com
is provided to all members free of charge for download.
All software and audio content available are samples or
extracts of full retail versions of software and audio tracks
and PreventDisease.com encourages all users to purchase
full or retail versions of software and audio content. Authors
of software or audio content wishing to have their intellectual
property removed from PreventDisease.com must provide certifying
documents of authorship, statement of assertion indicating
that the software or audio content in question and available
on PreventDisease.com was never offered as freeware or audio
samples on any website on the internet, and all requests
for the above are to be delivered by registered mail to
the address shown on the website under the "Contact
Us" link.
Copyright Notices
Health Articles : All health news, articles and specific
content of the digital media on PreventDisease.com is and
remains the copyrighted intellectual property of the referenced
source noted at the bottom of each individual article (each
referenced source links back to the corresponding original
copyrighted organization's website), and each referenced
source or organization may not have any affiliation or relationship
with PreventDisease.com.
PreventDisease.com makes no warranties that the excerpted
content found in any article on any PreventDisease.com webpage
was used or extracted with the permission of the original
organization or author who published the content, whether
on hardcopy/print or through any form of digital media.
Some material may be edited and/or taken out of its original
context and Users are strongly encouraged to visit the referenced
source for the exact presentation, author, date, time and
specific details of the original publication.
Medical
Databases : The Medical and Prevention Literature databases
Medline, NPIN, ODPHP, NHIC, USPSTF, Merck, CDC are public
information databases and the copyrights are exclusively
with each organization.
Health
News : News service may be provided by various sources
such as Reuters, CNN, or PR Newswire and content of the
material is and remains the copyrighted property of the
referenced source noted at the bottom of each individual
article. See "Health Articles" above for additional
copyright notices to Health News.
Linking
to PreventDisease.com
We are proud to acknowledge links which send internet users
back to PreventDisease.com, however please observe the following
guidelines before doing so:
Linking to PreventDisease.com website via another website.
- Links must be presented in a way which fairly represents
us.
- The context in which you insert the link must not
give your visitors the impression that your site, or
your company, is sponsored or endorsed by us.
- The context of the link must not suggest that we have
created any of your content i.e. the source of the material
must be clear.
- Text links may be used immediately on approval, however
you must never reproduce our logo without explicit permission.
Referencing PreventDisease.com in hardcopy/print.
- Detail the exact link that the excerpt was extracted
from including its full path of URL.
- Detail date including day, month, and year when the
excerpt was viewed or the article date if listed at
the time of viewing.
-
Any hardcopy/print including excerpts from PreventDisease.com
must be presented in a way which fairly represents us.
-
The context in which you insert the excerpt from PreventDisease.com
for
hardcopy/printlink must not give your visitors the impression
that your site, or your company, is sponsored or endorsed
by us.
-
Any hardcopy/print must not suggest that we have created
any of your content i.e. the source of the material
must be clear.
- Any reference source we have noted at the base of
the article must be included in print with acknowledgement
of original news source (i.e. Reuters Health, HealthDay,
CNN, Associated Press, etc).
-
You must never reproduce our logo without explicit permission.
Refererce Example:
(With Author)
(2003) James Doerlin. Obesity
Cuts Life Span For Young Adults. Reuters
Health. Viewed on PreventDisease.com website Jan 8/03.
https://www.preventdisease.com/news/articles/obesity_cuts_life_span.shtml
(Without
Author)
(2003) Obesity
Cuts Life Span For Young Adults. Reuters
Health. Viewed on PreventDisease.com website Jan 8/03.
https://www.preventdisease.com/news/articles/obesity_cuts_life_span.shtml
All
logos of sponsoring companies and News providers displayed
in the PreventDisease.com and on other sections of the website
are the copyrighted property of individual companies. All
other logos or trademarks displayed for free downloads of
browsers and other plug - ins are displayed only as a service
to members and are copyrighted to the respective companies.
All
members are bound by international copyright protection
laws and reproduction in print or any electronic media of
the content displayed on PreventDisease.com including hyperlinking
frames or otherwise to other websites is strictly prohibited
without written permission.
Complaints Process
1. We cannot provide you with contact information of authors
unless they authorize the release of such information. If
the contact information by one or more authors is not on
the credit note at the bottom of the article, the author(s)
cannot be contacted by inquiries made via our website.
2.
We cannot help you research facts written in the articles.
All Preventdisease.com articles are written by a diverse
group of volunteer and professional writers worldwide. We
have a very small internal editing authority, so all authors
follow a strict set of guidelines that must adhere to both
empirical and scientific evidence to support each article.
Preventdisease.com or its authors do not write the scientific
documentation or establish the studies referenced. Before
you make a complaint, you must first ensure you CANNOT find
other reputable sources that corroborate the author's article
and its claims. Regardless of your assertions and opinions
on accuracy or credibility, your complaint will have little
chance of being addressed if there are other external reputable
sources supporting the content of the author's article.
The internal editing authority will reasonably judge the
reputability of sources if a complaint is made. The sources
may not be entirely mainstream or alternative but rather
a combination of both. Moreover, if your sources are solely
based on scientific studies while ignoring empirical information,
your complaint will be dismissed.
3.
We will not change the content of articles unless the problem
is evident to a layman (such as gratuitous profanity, clerical
or grammatical errors). In particular, it is useless to
send us scientific or historical arguments by email that
quote institutional, regulatory or government agencies.
A large majority of our content is based on a combination
of scientific, empirical and factual information. This typically
opposes mainstream institutional, regulatory, government,
and conventional practices for disease prevention, which
are often biased and frequently based on fraudulent
science or junk
science. Basing your argument on the research, statements
or policies of such agencies is futile and we strongly recommend
you examine both mainstream and alternative sources before
launching your complaint.
4. Without an investigation, we will not change the content
of articles that may offend the integrity of a specific
product or service. If you feel the content of an article
is grossly misrepresenting your product or service, you
may send us your complaint and make a suggestion for correction.
We guarantee that your suggestion will be reviewed but we
will not guarantee any corrections will be made without
further investigation by internal and external editing authorities
including the original author. Before any corrections are
made, the editing authorities will have a maximum of 6 months
to research and resolve the complaint so that the final
edit will be mutually acceptable by both the editing authorities
and the complainant.
All
complaints must be sent in writing to:
Security and Privacy Dept.
PreventDisease.com.
P.O.Box 2087, SQ1 Stn
100 City Centre Dr.
Mississauga, ONT, L5B3C6
Canada.
...............................................................................................................
VIEWER RELATIONSAbout Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms and Conditions | Copyright Policy | Privacy StatementSTAY CONNECTEDNewsletter | RSS | Twitter | YouTube
| This site is owned and operated by PreventDisease.com © 1999-2018. All Rights Reserved. All content on this site may be copied, without permission, whether reproduced digitally or in print, provided copyright, reference and source information are intact and use is strictly for not-for-profit purposes.
Please review our copyright policy for full details.
aaa
InteractStay Connected With Our Newsletter