http://www.trafficinjuryresearch.com/privacy-policy
Website Terms of Use and Legal Restrictions
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS (“TERMS”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE, ANY TIRF WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH TIRF WEBSITES (collectively referred to as “SITE”).
PLEASE CHECK THE BOX TO INDICATE THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS YOU ARE PROHIBITED TO USE THIS SITE.
These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting, or additional communications. The TRAFFIC INJURY RESEARCH FOUNDATION (“TIRF”) may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or Terms located on particular pages at this site.
These websites are designed to provide general information prepared by professionals in regard to the subject matter covered. It is provided with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting, or other professional services. Although prepared by professionals, these websites should not be utilized as a substitute for professional services in specific situations. While these websites provide general guidance, applicable laws and regulations may vary from place to place and over time. Before applying the general concepts outlined in these websites, seek legal or expert service from a qualified professional in your jurisdiction.
General
This website contains road safety research and information about road safety that is intended, but not guaranteed, to be correct and up-to-date. This website is provided as an educational service to the public. This website does not endorse, promote, or encourage the use of any particular product or service.
Neither TIRF nor any of its Board of Directors, staff, members, partners or sponsors assume any responsibility for actions or non-actions taken by people who have visited this site, and no one shall be entitled to a claim for detrimental reliance on any information whatsoever located on this site, implied or expressed.
Use of this site
Terms and Conditions
By accessing or using this site, you agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between TIRF and you with respect to your use of this site. Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any of the Terms and Conditions is determined to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the determination shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the provincial laws and regulations of ONTARIO and the federal laws of CANADA applicable therein.
Limitation of liability
In no event will TIRF be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits or lost data) arising out of use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site or any TIRF websites linked to this site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree to hold TIRF harmless from any claims based on using this site.
Termination of rights
If you breach any of the Terms, your authorization to use this site automatically terminates.
Copyright
Copyright 2016 by Traffic Injury Research Foundation. All rights reserved.
Use of materials
TIRF authorizes you to view and download the materials at this site only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials on this site in any way, or reproduce, copy, publicly display, or distribute the materials in any form, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. Pursuant to these Terms, any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is also prohibited. No part of the site, including logos or graphics, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of TIRF.
Disclaimer (no warranty)
The materials provided on this site are provided “as is” without any warranties or conditions of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. TIRF further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials at this site. TIRF may make changes to the materials at this site, at any time, without notice. The materials at this site may be out of date, and TIRF makes no commitment to update the materials.
Postings
You may not post, upload, publish, reproduce, transmit or otherwise distribute information or other material on this Site: (i) constituting or encouraging conduct that would give rise to civil liability; (ii) which is protected by copyright, or other intellectual property right, or derivative works thereof, without obtaining permission of the copyright holder; or (iii) otherwise use this site in a manner which is contrary to law or which would adversely impact use of the site or the Internet by other users, including the posting or transmitting of information or software containing viruses or other disruptive components.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TIRF and its Board of Directors, Board Members, staff, members, partners, and sponsors from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees, in connection with the use of this site or the placement or transmission of any information or other materials on this site.
Trademarks
All logos posted are trademarks of their respective companies. Other products, services and company names mentioned in the site may be trademarks of their respective owners. You may not use any trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of the relevant owner of the trademark.
Social media
We reserve the right to monitor and remove content on all our web-based platforms and social media sites that we consider offensive, derogatory, abusive, malicious, harmful, disrespectful, unacceptable, unlawful, defamatory, threatening, harassing, slanderous, hateful, obscene or embarrassing to any entity; third party advertising; and chain letters or spam. TIRF reserves the right to terminate involvement by users who post the aforementioned content.
The views and opinions expressed on TIRF’s social media sites do not necessarily reflect those of TIRF and; therefore, TIRF is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of information posted by external parties.
For your safety, do not include personal contact details or other personal information in posts; your comments are publicly visible.
Information contained on the site
Legal advice
The information is not presented as a source of legal advice. You should not rely, for legal advice, on statements or representations made within the website or by any externally referenced Internet sites. If you need legal advice upon which you intend to rely in the course of your legal affairs, consult a competent, licensed, independent attorney.
Authors referenced
Authors linked to these web pages do not necessarily reflect TIRF’s views or policies. Referenced sites have been reviewed to determine appropriate content before the link was created. Any change made to the site’s content after we create a link is the author’s decision and TIRF does not assume responsibility for any of the information the altered site may contain. TIRF is not responsible for any errors or omissions in pages linked from this site.
Links
Although great effort is expended to ensure that only the most meaningful online resources are linked from these pages, TIRF does not endorse, guarantee, or warranty the accuracy, reliability, or thoroughness of any referenced information, product or service. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily reflect those of TIRF.
Links either to or from our web pages do not constitute a referral. The existence of any particular link is simply intended to imply potential interest to the reader.
Link removal
The Webmaster of this site will remove any link from this site upon request from the linked entity.
Endorsements
Acknowledgement of any business, commercial product, or service by trade name, trademark or manufacturer on this site does not constitute TIRF’s support, endorsement, or recommendation of its products or services.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding our terms of use and legal restrictions please contact us.
TIRF Updates
Register
Educational Resources
Young and New
Driver Resource
Centre
Drop It
And Drive®
Wildlife
Roadsharing
Centre
GDL FrameworkSafety Center
Brain on Board
Change the Conversation
International Inventory
of Interlock Programs
Alcohol Interlock
Curriculum for
Practitioners
Drug Impaired DrivingLearning Centre
Donate