http://www.middleeasternmall.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Log in
Sign up
Cart
(0)
Menu
WINTER SALE
HIJABS
+
Amira Hijabs 1 piece
Amira Hijabs 2 piece
Khimars
Hijab Wraps
Hoodie Hijabs
Kuwaiti Mona Hijabs
Salma 2 piece Sets
Shawl Hijab Wrap
Square Scarves
TURBANS
HIJAB PINS
+
Fashion Hijab Pins
Safety Hijab Pins
Straight Pin Wheels
Brooches
CAPS
GIRLS
+
Girl's Hijabs
Girl's Accessories
ABAYAS
MODEST WEAR
+
Long Sleeve T-Shirts
Tops
MENS
+
Men's Kufis
Men's Thobe Pajama Pants
ACCESSORIES
+
Hijab Pins
Arm Sleeve Covers
Dickey Collars
Headbands
Infinity Shawls
Jewelry
Beauty Products
GIFTS & DECOR
+
Gift Cards
PRAYER RUGS
Middle East Decor
Incense
WHOLESALE SETS
Log in
Sign up
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube
Blog
Home
1
›
Privacy Policy
2
Privacy Policy
Information Collect and Use
Registration
Order
Cookies
Log Files
Sharing
Surveys
Security
Special Offers
Correction/Updating Personal Information
Notification of Changes MiddleEasternMall.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. MiddleEasternMall.com provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We have structured our website so that, in general, you can visit MiddleEasternMall.com on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information unless you decide to buy. 1. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE MiddleEasternMall.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not share this information with other parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement MiddleEasternMall.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website. 2. REGISTRATION In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, address and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide other demographic information and unique identifiers (such as Age, Profession, etc.), but we encourage users to do that so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. 3. ORDER We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. 4. COOKIES A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited to some areas of our site. 5. LOG FILES We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. 6. SHARINGWe use an outside shipping company to ship orders. The shipping company does not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We may partner with another party to provide specific services. We will share information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. All parties we partner with are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these specific services. 7. SURVEYS From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age, etc.). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving our service to our customers at this site. 8. SECURITY
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When you checkout you are under a secure certification "https://" which is encrypted so your information cannot be captured over the internet. Once submit your credit card information, it is processed through Shopify.
Additionally, we gladly accept the PayPal method of payment because of their high standards of security and proven history of reliability. PayPal uses state-of-the-art encryption, so your data is not available to anyone. Buy with confidence through PayPal where your financial information is never revealed to us so we can stick to doing what we do best selling Islamic clothing not banking.9. SPECIAL OFFERS
We send all new members a welcome email to verify Account Number and email address. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please send un-subscription request to opt-out your email address from our mailing list.
10. CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. Users can inform us about their preferences at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
11. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.