https://www.carolsdaughter.com/shippingpolicy.html
Skip To Main Menu
Skip To Refinements
Skip To Content
Learn about Holiday Shipping Here
EMAIL SIGNUP
Order Status
Membership
Carol's Daughter
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Search
Membership
Email Signup
Hair Products
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Sulfate Free Shampoos
Conditioners
Leave-In Conditioners
Detanglers
Combing Cremes
Hair Masks
Hair Oils
Treatments
Hairdress
Protective Stylers
Hair Moisturizers
Styling
Product Finder
Hair Type
Straight Hair
Wavy Hair
Curly Hair
Coily & Tightly Curled Hair
Damaged Hair
Dry Hair
Frizzy Hair
Thin & Fine Hair
Natural Hair
Body & Skin Care
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Body Washes & Soap
Body Moisturizers
Hand & Foot Care
Body Sprays
Face Care
Product Finder
Skin Type
All Skin Types
Dry Skin
Dull Skin
Extra-Dry Skin
Collections
Show All
Hair Products
Almond Milk – Daily Damage Repair
Black Vanilla – Moisture & Shine
Cactus Rose – Volume & Moisture
Coco Crème – Extreme Moisture
Goddess Strength – Moisture + Strength
Hair Milk – Nourishing & Conditioning
Mimosa Hair Honey – Protective Styles
Monoi – Repairing
Monoi Ora – Repair + Volume
Pracaxi Nectar – Styling by Nature
Sacred Tiare – Anti-Breakage
Wash Day – Deep Cleanse + Easy Detangling
Body & Skin Care
Almond Cookie
Angel Food Cake
Body Classics
Gardenia
Karité Coco
Lavender and Vanilla
Monoi Body
Ocean Flowers
Sugar Dipped Vanilla
Offers
Show All
Offers
NEW Holiday Gift Guide
Sale
Last Call
New Arrivals
Affordable Luxury
Accessible Beauty
Items $10 or Less
Travel Size
Gift Sets
Online Exclusive Sets
Sets Under $25
Sets $25-$49.99
Sets $50 and Up
About Us
Show All
About The Brand
#BORNANDMADE
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Family Favorites
Ingredients
Ingredients Guide
Blog
Show All
Hair
All Hairstyles
Natural Hairstyles
Curly Hairstyles
Short Hairstyles
Long Hairstyles
Braids
Hair Care Tips
Protective Styles
Lifestyle
All Lifestyle
Dry to Fly
Beauty
Travel
How-To Videos
All Videos
Hair Style Video Tutorials
Hair Care Video Tutorials
Discover Carol's Daughter
Curl Guide
Show All
Curl Hub
Curl Guide
4C Hair Type
4B Hair Type
4A Hair Type
3C Hair Type
3B Hair Type
3A Hair Type
2C Hair Type
2B Hair Type
2A Hair Type
Glossary
Curl Glossary
Sign In / Register
Order Status
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
FREE SAMPLES ALL ORDERS · FREE SHIPPING ALL ORDERS · FREE GIFT $50+ ORDERS
Carol's Daughter
Shipping Policy
Holiday Shipping:
For UPS Surepost, we recommend you order by 12/11 5PM EST to receive your order by 12/24
For UPS 2nd Day Air, we recommend you order by 12/18 5PM EST to receive your order by 12/24
For UPS Overnight Air, we recommend you order by 12/21 5PM EST to receive your order by 12/24
COVID Shipping Impact:
To ensure the safety of our employees, we have implemented additional safety measures at our fulfillment center, such as limiting the number of people working at any given time, practicing social distancing, overnight facility sanitization and use of protective equipment. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding. Please note that once your order does ship, you should expect to receive an email notification with tracking details. We are committed to delivering your orders as soon as possible and we thank you for your patience, love and support.
Shipping Rates and Delivery Schedules for the US and US Territories
Carol’s Daughter has established new shipping rates, delivery schedules, and faster delivery service to enhance your overall shopping experience with us. Shipping rates for Standard Delivery of orders below $40.00 are a flat fee of $6.95. Shipping rates for Standard Delivery of orders $40.00 and above ship FREE — no promo code required! Orders placed after 4:30pm ET will be processed and shipped the next day. Additional shipping options are shown below.
ORDER AMT:
SHIPPING TO:
SHIPPING METHOD
COST:
DELIVERY WINDOW:
$39.99 or less
48 contiguous states
UPS Surepost*
$6.95
** Usually arrives within 2 – 7 business days
$40 or more
48 contiguous states
UPS Surepost*
FREE
** Usually arrives within 2 – 7 business days
$39.99 or less
P.O. Boxes, APOs/FPOs only
UPS Surepost*
$6.95
** Usually arrives within 5 – 14 business days
$40 or more
P.O. Boxes, APOs/FPOs only
UPS Surepost*
FREE
** Usually arrives within 5 – 14 business days
Any Order
48 contiguous states, Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories
UPS 2nd Day Air
$14.95 + $8.00 charge for Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories
** Usually delivered within 2 business days
Any Order
48 contiguous states, Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories
UPS Overnight Air
$19.95 + $8.00 charge for Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories
** Usually delivered within 1 business days
*For standard shipping packages, we use UPS Surepost. The package is shipped via UPS to your local post office and then is delivered via USPS for the remaining leg of the delivery. Since the final delivery is handled by your local postal service, your order can now be delivered 6 days a week, including Saturdays. This ensures that we can keep our delivery costs low and pass the saving on to you.
** Business Days are Monday – Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Orders will not ship on New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Day, President’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. Orders received on Saturday and Sunday will be processed on the following business day.
Using Standard Delivery (UPS Surepost), orders shipped to the eastern half of the US (ME, VT, NH, MA, RI, CT, NY, PA, NJ, DE, MD, VA, WV, NC, SC, GA, FL, AL, TN, KY, OH, MI, IN, IL, AR, IA, WI, KS, MN, MO, MS) usually arrive within 2 – 4 business days.
Using Standard Delivery (UPS Surepost), orders shipped to the western half of the US (WA, OR, CA, NV, ID, MT, WY, ND, SD, NE, OK, TX, NM, LA, UT, CO) usually arrive within 4 – 7 business days.
Want to see when your order will arrive? You can track your order here.
SHIPPING TO LOCATIONS OUTSIDE THE CONTIGUOUS UNITED STATES
ALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIES
All orders shipping to these locations must be delivered via UPS 2 Day Air or UPS Overnight Air. There is an additional $8.00 charge. While most items can be shipped to Alaska, Hawaii and the U.S. Territories, some, including aerosols and alcohol–based products such as pressurized spray cans, fragrances, and nail enamels cannot travel by air. Therefore, these products cannot be shipped to Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. Territories.
We cannot ship any items outside of the United States and its territories.
P.O. BOXES AND APO/FPO ADDRESSES
Orders being sent to P.O. Boxes and APOs/FPOs addresses must be shipped via the United States Postal Service. Priority delivery options (UPS 2 Day Air or UPS Overnight Air) are not available.
RESTRICTED ITEMS:
The US Department of Transportation (DOT) restricts certain items from being shipped by air if they could contribute to an onboard fire or other mishap. These items include aerosols and alcohol–based products such as pressurized spray cans, fragrances, and nail enamels. We’re committed to getting you your order as soon as possible, but we also want to do it safely and responsibly, in compliance with DOT rules. That’s why we require orders containing one of these items to be shipped via Standard Ground Delivery only. If your order contains one of these items you must choose Standard Delivery for your order. Unfortunately, we cannot ship restricted items to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, the US Virgin Islands, or APO/FPO addresses.
About Us
Lisa’s Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Discontinued Products
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Terms
Mobile Text Terms
Track Your Order
Membership
Site Map
Popular Searches
Monoi
Hair Milk
Black Vanilla
Natural Hair
Marula
Leave-In Conditioner
Almond Cookie
Follow Us
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Pinterest
Sign up to receive 15% Off *
Sign up for exclusives offers & more
Receive 15% Off*
Become a Mobile Insider*
Email Address
Phone Number
Sign Up
This sign up is for US consumers. By registering, your information will be collected and used in the US subject to our US Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for this website, and you are verifying that you are 13 years of age or older. By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Carols Daughter and other LOréal brands and programs. Non-US consumers should visit the country website serving their region.
Sign up for email alerts!
*See SMS Terms & Conditions
Up to 10 auto dialed marketing message/mo. Standard messaging and data rate may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text HELP to 40679 for help. Text STOP to 40679 to stop receiving messages.
Thank you!
continue shopping
*Standard msg & data rates may apply. Consent not req to purchase. HELP=help, STOP=stop.
From humble beginnings in her kitchen, Carol’s Daughter founder Lisa Price transformed her beloved hobby of mixing fragrances at home into a beauty empire. After selling her natural beauty products at flea markets and from her living room, Price officially established Carol's Daughter, lovingly named for her mother. Today, we offer prestige hair, body and skincare products made with rare, natural ingredients like Monoi Oil, Cocoa and Shea Butters and Açai. We have collections that repair damaged hair (top-seller Monoi), perfect curls (classic Hair Milk) and soothe skin (favorite Almond Cookie).
Our Customer Service hours of operation are Monday – Friday, 8 AM – 5:30 PM (ET).
877-540-2101.
Carol’s Daughter, CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION OF L’OREAL USA S/D, INC. 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001.
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more, visit AdChoices, our Privacy Policy and User Content Permission Terms .
Copyright Carol’s Daughter © 2018. All rights reserved.
Please enter your email address below and we will send you a notification when this item becomes available.
This item will automatically be removed from your cart after you submit your email.
Email
Sign up to get special offers and promotional emails from Carol's Daughter.
By submitting your information, you agree to our Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Submit
Cancel
Continue Shopping