http://www.justice.org/privacy-policy
AAJ HAS UPDATED ITS PRIVACY POLICY AND USES COOKIES ON THIS SITE. To acknowledge and accept AAJ’s privacy policy with the use of cookies, please select OK, I Accept.
Review AAJ's Privacy Policy
I accept
Home
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
American Association for Justice Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how AAJ collects, uses, maintains, shares and safeguards information collected from users (each, a “User”) of www.justice.org, www.TakeJusticeBack.com, www.TrialLawyersCare.org, microsites, mobile applications, AAJ profiles on AAJ social media sites and any other digital services and platforms operated or used by AAJ (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Sites,” unless otherwise noted) or content, activities, services, features, or other resources offered on the Sites.
User ID and password
Certain areas of the Site may require the use of a User ID, email address, or password as an additional security measure to help protect your information. The Sites have clear tools to allow you to log in and log out to help you protect your information.
Collection of Information
We may collect information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Sites, fill out forms, join AAJ, register for AAJ events, make a purchase, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or other resources we make available on our Sites. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, their name, address, email address, fax number, phone number, bar date, information about your practice or business, credit card, or other financial information. AAJ may also receive information of individuals who are members of state trial lawyer affiliated associations. Users may always refuse to supply such information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
We may automatically collect certain other information, including personal information, about Users whenever they interact with our Sites. This information may include your browsing history, the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Sites, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Any user and event data collected and retained by Google Analytics will be automatically removed after 50 months.
See Google: Safeguarding your data.
Cookie Policy Statement
Agreement to Terms
This Cookie Policy explains how American Association for Justice (AAJ) ("Company", "we", "us", and "our") uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our websites at https://justice.org/ and any sub-domains or add-on domains, ("Websites"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. In such cases our Privacy Policy (https://www.justice.org/privacy-policy) will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, American Association for Justice (AAJ)) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Online Properties. Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Online Properties you visit):
Essential website cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".
Analytics and customization cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Website are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Websites for you. To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
How can I control cookies?
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
How often will you update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
Purchases on www.justice.org
When you buy one of our products or services online, for example, a Section membership or registration for an AAJ Education program or convention, this activity is entered into your member record in AAJ's database. We use the information to tailor our future communications, so we can send news about resources pertinent to Users’ interests. Nonmembers of AAJ may buy certain items, such as seminar registrations and publication subscriptions. When making these purchases online, nonmembers are asked to provide their name, address, phone number, fax number, and email address.
Membership Directory
As a professional organization, the information Users provide may be published on the Sites to allow other lawyers and the public to find you, including on membership directories. Directories do not include sensitive information, such as credit card or bank information. Users may request their information be suppressed from directory lists by contacting us.
Fulfilling Service Requests
When fulfilling service requests initiated by Users, we may share Users’ information with certain third parties to fulfill the requests.
Links
The Sites may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that AAJ is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, including those you may reach through banner ads placed on our Sites. We encourage Users to be aware when they leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personal information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Sites.
Email Addresses
If you are an AAJ member, you must provide a unique email address to access the members-only portion of justice.org. AAJ regularly emails members with legislative news and information about AAJ products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, AAJ may send offers via email to members on behalf of certain non-affiliated businesses whose products or services may be of interest. When we do this, we do not give that company your e-mail address, your name, or any other information that identifies you personally. AAJ may share member e-mail addresses to affiliated state trial lawyer organizations. Additionally, we may share email addresses with third parties as necessary for AAJ to perform certain services on our behalf such as delivering products, processing event registrations, conducting AAJ national officer elections, and responding to your service requests. And AAJ may share email addresses with third parties as needed to take security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data.
We do not sell or rent email addresses to unrelated third parties or AAJ members.
However, please note that your email address may be visible to other attorneys and businesses, as well as the general public through the directory lists described above.
In each email, there is a clear way for Users to opt out of receiving future emails. If you would like to opt out of certain types of emails or all emails right now, you may do so as follows:
To opt out of emails about AAJ products and services, email member.updates@justice.org.
To opt out of all emails that AAJ sends, email member.updates@justice.org.
How We Use Collected Information
The Sites may collect and use Users’ personal information in providing services including (but not limited to):
Sending invoices, order confirmations, and customer service messages
Processing membership applications, education program registrations, contributions, and product purchases
Responding to User emails or online requests
Preventing fraud or other harm and providing technical service
Evaluating, surveying and improving our Sites and services
Fulfilling and/or delivering AAJ products and services
Publishing membership directories and event registration lists
Sharing with third parties as required by law
Sharing your information with elected officials and petition receipts using CQRC Engage
For any specific purpose for which we request your permission
Any other legitimate business purpose
Sharing Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on AAJ; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AAJ; or (c) protect the personal safety of AAJ personnel or members of the public in appropriate circumstances.
We may also disclose your information with third-party service providers to fulfill service requests initiated by you or to administer the Sites. We may share your mailing address with third parties in order to provide them an opportunity to offer products or services that may be of interest to you, which helps contribute non-dues revenue to AAJ.
We reserve the right to disclose your information to members of our corporate family, such as affiliates, to the extent permitted by law; if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation; or to any other third parties, with your specific consent.
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the rights as explained in this Privacy Policy, under California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information (as defined in the statute) in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2017 will receive information about 2016). To obtain this information please write to us at: American Association of Justice 777 6th Street, NW, Suite 200, Washington, DC, 20001. Please include your full name and address and AAJ Member Number, if applicable.
Canada Anti-Spam Law (CASL)
AAJ complies with CASL.
Non-AAJ Members or associates who have provided us a Canadian mailing address will not receive unauthorized Commercial Electronic Messages (CEMs as defined under CASL) unless these individuals have opted-in to receive CEMs.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly solicit information from, and the Site is not intended for, children under 13 years of age, and children under 13 years of age should not provide personal information online.
If a parent or a guardian becomes aware that his or her child under the age of 13 years has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us. We will delete such information from our files.
Do Not Track
The Sites do not respond to “do not track” signals by Web browsers.
Security
AAJ implements commercially reasonable security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. When we allow third-party service providers or certain companies access to User information in order to operate, develop or improve our services, those third-party service providers and companies are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and civil and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations. However, no data transmission over the Internet may be guaranteed to be 100% secure and AAJ cannot guarantee or warranty the security of any information a User transmits to us, or to or from our online products and services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
AAJ reserves the right to amend or update this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason.
When we do, we will post a notification indicated by the “Last Updated” date on the main page of the Sites. You acknowledge and agree that it is the Users’ responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using the Sites, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy is effective as of the “last updated” date listed.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy is deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, please contact us via email at membership@justice.org or by calling 800-424-2725.
This document was last updated on July 9, 2020
GET THE LATEST NEWS
Prefix
By signing up, you agree to the AAJ Privacy Policy
777 6th Street, NW, Suite 200, Washington, DC 20001
800.424.2725
202.965.3500
Join Now
Member Login
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
© 2020. American Association for Justice, All Rights Reserved
close
AAJ
Login to AAJ
Username
Password
Login
Loading
Create an Account
The email or password you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
There was network error while logging you in, please contact adminstrator.
Trouble logging in?
Recover your password.