http://www.supanet.com/cookie-policy
Change theme
Contact us
Webmail
Supanet
it's an internet thing! est 1999
HomeJob SearchSupanet Reviews and NewsBusiness NewsLifestyleMotoringWeird News NewsJob SearchSupanet Reviews and NewsBusiness NewsLifestyleMotoringWeird News Entertainment Films Music Games Travel Horoscopes Crosswords Galleries Quizzes Viral Videos Weird News Technology Internet of ThingsWhat is the Internet of Things?	 Smart Homes TV Streaming 5G WiFi VoIP ISP News
Supanet Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded to a computer or device and is located in the browser directory. This happens when you visit a website or view a webpage. Cookies are designed to help a website to recognise a device on subsequent visits to the website, or a user once they have logged on. They can assist users in navigating the site and performing certain functions. There are other files such as web beacons that work in the same way to achieve a similar purpose. Our use of the word 'cookie' or 'cookies' in this policy is intended to refer to all the files that collect information in the same way.
Cookies do not store personal information that can specifically identify a person. However, cookies can be used to store usernames and passwords, such as if the 'remember me' function is selected by a user. Some websites cannot function correctly or as intended without the use of cookies.
What are Cookies used for?
Cookies can perform many functions. For example, they can remember the historical use of a website, tell website operators how a website is performing, help a website to remember usernames and preferences, or allow a website to suggest content that may be of interest or relevance to a user.
Cookies are commonly used to improve a user's experience of a website. They can help a user by avoiding them having to repeat their actions, such as logging on or choosing the size of text or language for each visit to a website. A cookie can also be used to maintain settings for when a user visits another page on a website, which enables smooth and easy navigation around the website.
Cookies are regularly used to monitor, manage and measure a websites performance. They do this by helping website operators to measure the traffic that goes to their website, and they can be used to help determine which pages are most popular on a website. Using this information the website can look to improve its performance and the user experience, for example, by making more popular pages easier to navigate to. The information can also be used to determine the number of unique visits and return visits to a website. Also, whether users have encountered problems while navigating around the site or performing certain functions. Cookies can also be used in online polls or surveys to prevent a user casting multiple votes.
For more information see All About Cookies (http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
Different types of Cookies
Session Cookies are used by a server to store data and they relate to user page activity. They enable users to return to a page and pick up where they left off. The cookies tell the server what pages to display, acting as a sort of 'bookmark' and making the user experience easier and more efficient. The cookies can also store information on items that a user wishes to order. They enable functions such as 'shopping carts' to work which avoids a user having to remember (or write down) details of any items that they wish to order. Instead, the users items selected by a user are simply added to a 'cart'.
Persistent or Tracking Cookies also store information to help websites 'remember' a user and their settings for when they return to the website after an initial visit.Ã‚Â  Many websites use these types of cookies to provide users with faster, easier and more convenient access for subsequent visits. For example, they avoid a user having to log-in again, or having to personalise subsequent experiences based on settings that were previously selected. This can make websites easier to browse and provides a user with personalised touches, for example, by using a personalised greeting when a user returns to the site.
Third Party Cookiesa re cookies that are set to use with a different domain than the domain of the website being visited. These types of cookies are used to collect information about users' activity for such things as targeted advertising, or for social media sites. Most browsers allow the use of third party cookies, provided the third party website has a published Compact Privacy Policy.
Categories of Cookies
Essential Cookies are cookies that are necessary in order for a service to work based on the request of a user. For example, if a user adds an item to a shopping basket the cookie is necessary in order for the basket to remember who is using the site, and to identify the basket to that user.
Performance Cookies are cookies that are used to help website owners build statistics about their site, its usage and how visitors navigate through the content on their site. The cookie gathers information about how long content is viewed for and how often content is viewed by a visitor.
Functional Cookies are used to store useful settings for the individual visitor. These are settings that are typically stored to help as well as speed up a user's site navigation and log-in. This also includes aspects that have been personalised, such as themes, colour schemes and even font sizes.
Targeted Cookies are used to target content for the user based on information that is stored in the cookie. These are usually third party cookies. For example, Google ad cookies are third party cookies used to target adverts that are shown to a user by Google ads (which can operate on sites).
How can a user manage Cookies?
Most browsers allow a user to control the use of cookies on their device. Users can modify their browser settings to allow their device to identify when a cookie is being used and to notify the user of this, or to even block cookies from being stored on their device altogether.
Each browser will have a help system that can tell a user how to restrict or block cookies that are sent to their system. The browser options will need to be set accordingly. A user will also be able to stop cookies from being saved, as well as being able to view their content, and a user can also delete a cookie if they wish to. Further and more detailed information can be found at:
All About Cookies (http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
About Cookies (http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx)
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expires
Source
featuretabs1, featuretabs_entertainment, featuretabs_deals, featuretabs_lifestyle, featuretabs_business, featuretabs
(Home Page) To remember which tab a Supanetuser has previously selected, such as'News' and 'Sports'
When a browser is closed
Supanet Tabs
__utma
This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to the Supanet site.
2 years
Google Analytics
__utmb, __utmc
These cookies work together to calculate the average length of time a user spends on the Supanet site
__utmb 30 minutes, __utmc When a browser is closed
Google Analytics
__utmz
This cookie records information about how the page was reached (for example via a search engine result or a direct link).
6 months
Google Analytics
__utmmobile
This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to the Supanet site
2 years
Google Analytics
__utmv
Supanet uses this cookie for very frequent users on the site,Ã‚Â  to improve user experience on the site
2 years
Google Analytics
PHPSESSID
This cookie allows Supanet services to remember selections and preferences made, or information already given.
When a browser is closed
Supanet User Session
mailviewsplitterv, prefsviewsplitter, addressviewsplitter, addressviewsplitterd, folderviewsplitter, composesplitterv, identviewsplitter
These cookies are used to remember how much width a user has specified for Supanet's Webmail side bar, and also main content area. This is so a user does not have torepeat the specification each time a page is visited
1 year
Supanet Webmail
roundcube_sessid, roundcube_sessauth
These cookies work together to remember a user who is logged-in and accessing Supanet Webmail
When a browser is closed
Supanet Webmail
language
This is used by Supanet Webmail to remember the language settings fora user, and so this action does not have to be repeated
1 year
Supanet Webmail
Supanet's Cookie Policy and how Cookies are used on Supanet
The cookies used by Supanet are simple text files that the website stores on users devices to record anonymous information. Supanet cookies are unique to the browser, and only Supanet can use the cookies it creates. Information can be stored and retrieved from the cookie, and it can be saved for the duration of a user's visit or for a longer period of time.
Supanet use cookies to improve a user's experience of the Supanet website, including features such as remembering a user's mail log-on details and navigation options. Ã‚Â The use of cookies enables Supanet to collect and analyse data about which pages of the website are viewed the most, including the length of time users spend on particular webpage. Supanet then use this information to improve the site and enhance a user's experience. Both persistent and session cookies are used for this purpose.
The data collected by Supanet cookies does not include any personal information concerning users. Supanet also use cookies to track which options and navigation settings users select, again with the purpose of making the website easy to use. Cookies are also employed to track different advertiser options and also Google statistics.
If users are unhappy about Supanet's use of cookies they can block them and/or remove them from their device, although this depends on which browser is being used ' the type of browser being used will determine which cookie settings can be altered. Blocking and/or removing cookies can only be done by altering the settings on a device (see How can a user manage Cookies?). Blocking and/or deleting cookies may prevent Supanet's website from operating as intended.
Third Party Cookies
Cookies are used to support users sharing information through social media,
as sharing is a way for people to access and use information. For people to share Supanet information there are functions available on the site that relate to social media networks. A cookie can be placed on a device by social media networks to track a user's online activity, and the social media networks will have their own cookie policies. Supanet has no control over cookie policies from other companies, but where possible Supanet can make a link to them for the users benefit.
Cookies can be used for advertising purposes, such as when Supanet wants to make a user aware of their services and certain information. Advertising agencies (and their partners) can also place cookies on users' devices. These cookies are used in many ways such as targeting adverts that are based on a user's previous online behaviour. These are also used to help agencies to decide which sites they should place their ads on to best reach the appropriate user. This can help Supanet to ensure its advertising is effective and more relevant to the user.
The types of cookies used, and also how the information they gather is used, is governed by privacy policies from other companies. Depending on a user's browser, a user can find out what Cookies they are downloading and what the third party policy is by reading the help files. Cookies can identify a user by the user's activity on a site. This is done to improve a user's experience of a site.
A user who visits Supanet can change the browser options and restrict the sites use of cookies - although there is no option to switch cookies off on Supanet. Cookies can be saved or deleted (an example of how a cookie is used is when a service is signed into because a cookie can remember log-on details).
Cookies can be used to measure the number of people visiting a website and how they're using it, which in turn can help improve the experience a user has of a site.
When a user accesses third party websites from Supanet they are not covered by Supanet's privacy policy. Users are urged to be cautious when entering personal information online. Supanet accepts no responsibility or liability for these sites.
Useful Links
All About Cookies (http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)
About Cookies (http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx)
Supanet Privacy Policy. Visit http://www.supanet.com/info
Home
News
Entertainment
Technology
Internet of Things
Smart Homes
TV Streaming
5G
WiFi
VoIP
ISP News
About us
Postboard
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
GC C7
Contact us
© Supatel Limited 2020