http://www.ilo.org/global/privacy-policy/lang--en/index.htm
Skip to main content
This policy is based on our fundamental goal to provide our visitors with quality information and resources while maintaining individual anonymity and personal privacy. The following statement outlines the privacy policy of the International Labour Organisation (ILO). It applies to all "ILO web sites" - that is to all sites under the "ilo.org" domain.   Visitor data collected by the ILOWhen you access our web pages, the visitor information and the essential and nonessential technical information listed below is automatically collected - we refer to those categories collectively as "access" information. No other information is collected through the ILO web site except when you deliberately decide to send it to us (for example, by clicking on a link to send us an e-mail). The information you might choose to send us is listed below as "optional information." Automatically collected access information Visitor information: the Internet domain and Internet address of the computer you are using.Essential technical information: identification of the page or service you are requesting, type of browser and operating system you are using; and the date and time of access.Nonessential technical information: the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our web site, and the "cookie information" described below.Optional information When you send us an e-mail: your name, e-mail address, and the content of your e-mail.When you complete online forms: all the data you choose to fill in or confirm. Providing information is your choice There is no legal requirement for you to provide any information at our website.  However, our website will not work without routing information and essential technical information. Failure of your browser to provide nonessential technical information will not prevent your use of our website but may prevent certain features from working. For any optional information that is requested at the website, failure to provide the requested information will mean that the particular feature or service associated with that part of the web page may not be available to you.Use of cookies The ILO web site uses "cookies," a small data file transferred by a website to your computer's hard drive, to collect anonymous traffic data. We send cookies when you surf www.ilo.org, respond to online surveys or polls, or request information. Accepting the cookies used on our site does not give us access to your Personally Identifiable Information, but we can use the cookies to identify your computer. The aggregated information collected permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site. This helps us provide you with a better experience by improving the content and making our site easier to use.  The way we use information Visitor information is used to route the requested web page to your computer for viewing. In theory, the requested web page and the routing information could be discerned by other entities involved in transmitting the requested page to you. We do not control the privacy practices of those entities. Essential and nonessential technical information helps us respond to your request in an appropriate format (or in a personalised manner) and helps us plan website improvements. Optional information enables us to provide services or information tailored more specifically to your needs or to forward your message or inquiry to another entity that is better able to do so, and also allows us to plan website improvements. We may keep access information on our systems indefinitely after the web page is transmitted, but we do not try to obtain any information to link it to the individuals who browse our web site. However, on rare occasions when a "hacker" attempts to breach computer security, logs of access information are retained to permit a security investigation and in such cases may be forwarded together with any other relevant information in our possession to law enforcement agencies. We use information you provide about yourself only to complete your specific request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request. Similarly, we use the information you provide about someone else when making a request only to complete that request. Again, we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request. We generally use return e-mail addresses only to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are generally not used for any other purpose. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without a clear notice on the particular site and without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.  Our commitment to data security The ILO does not sell any personally identifiable information volunteered on the ILO site to any third party. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with the policies of the ILO. All ILO employees who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are under the obbligation to respect the confidentiality of official business matters, including personal data. How to contact us Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please send us an e-mail at info@ilo.org
Skip to top