http://www.amicus-alj.org/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSIn the following text, the term www.amicus-alj.org also refers to www.amicus-alj.org.uk and any other domains by which the Amicus ALJ website may be accessed - also referred to collectively as The Sites.This policy governs all pages hosted at www.amicus-alj.org, and any additional terms and conditions applicable to content held under, and accessed via, that domain.We (Amicus ALJ) are not liable for pages hosted by other organisations to which we may link and whose privacy policies may differ. We may update this policy from time to time to reflect changes to our work and on the website.For more information about how Amicus ALJ processes personal data, please see our privacy policy.Use of this site is made available by Amicus ALJ subject to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use www.amicus-alj.org.1. ABOUT USWe are Amicus ALJ, a private company limited by guarantee, incorporated in England and Wales under registration no. 2797826, whose registered office is at 1 York Mansions, 215 Earls Court Road, London SW5 9AF.2. APPLICATION OF THESE TERMSThese Terms govern your use of the Sites. You can print off these Terms, or store them on your computer, for future reference. Please read them carefully. If you do not wish to accept these Terms, then please do not use the Sites.3. DEFINITIONSIn these Terms, certain defined expressions are used, which will appear in bold. See clause 17 below for an explanation of these.  4. DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICE4.1 The Service is designed: 4.1.1 to provide information on and encourage participation in Amicus ALJ's various activities; and 4.1.2 to provide an online community for like-minded people to take action together. 4.2 Certain sections of the Service are available only to Users.5. ELIGIBILITY5.1 The Sites are aimed at people who are aged 14 years old and over. If you are aged 14 to 18, we advise you to inform your parent or legal guardian that you are registering on and/or using the Sites. If you are under the age of 14, you may not register on and/or use the Sites. 5.2 We also strongly recommend that if you are between the ages of 14 and 18, you should read one or all of the safety guides listed below before you Post Your Content to any of the Sites: www.thinkuknow.co.uk www.internetsafetyzone.co.ukwww.education.gov.uk/ukccisceop.police.uk6. GENERAL RULES OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE6.1 You must not: 6.1.1 reproduce in any way any information and/or material appearing on the Sites which infringes the Intellectual Property of anyone else; 6.1.2 copy, in whole or in part, any of the information on the Sites (including any information contained in other Users' Profiles) except as permitted by these Terms; 6.1.3 permit or create unauthorised framing of, or deep linking to, the Sites from another website under your management or control; 6.1.4 copy, adapt, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any of the software underlying the Sites; or 6.1.5 create or maintain any unauthorised connection to any of the Sites. 6.2 You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of the Service or any of the Sites. 6.3 The Content provided on the Sites is protected by Intellectual Property owned by us or others. 6.4 Except as expressly permitted by these Terms, you may not copy, download or distribute any Content from any of the Sites, other than Your Content.  7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES' SITES7.1 The Sites may provide links to other websites. Selecting any of these links will direct you to a website that may not be related in any way to us. We take no responsibility for the Content contained on any such website. Any link to such other websites does not imply an endorsement or recommendation of the website, its products or services. 7.2 Before supplying any personal information to any other website, we recommend that you check the website's Privacy Policy. We do not accept responsibility for the protection of any data supplied to other websites.  8. JOINING AMICUS ALJ8.1 You can join us by paying the fees specified on www.amicus-alj.org/how-help/membership. 8.2 We will send you an email confirming receipt of the Membership Fee as soon as we process the payment. 8.3 You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any reason. To terminate your Membership, please contact us at admin@amicus-alj.org. Refunds are subject to our discretion. 9. PAYMENT9.1 You may pay the Membership Fee, a Donation and any items you wish to purchase from any of the Sites subject to the following conditions: 9.1.1 At present, we use PayPal and JustGiving for online transactions. 10. LIABILITY10.1 We will not have any liability arising out of your use of or inability to use the Service or any of the Sites for: 10.1.1 any business losses (including loss of profit, business, contracts or goodwill); or 10.1.2 any unforeseeable losses or damages. 10.2 Please note that you are responsible for Your Content and you will be responsible for any costs and/or losses which Amicus ALJ suffers as a result of Your Content including legal fees and damages.10.3 In certain circumstances, we may have a legal obligation to disclose your contact/registration details and other material. Should we do this you agree to take no action against Amicus ALJ. 10.4 We are not responsible for and do not endorse the Content or any views Posted by any User on any of the Sites or the accuracy or reliability of such Content. We do not accept any responsibility for the publication of any Defamatory material/content or any loss which you may sustain as a result of any Defamatory or otherwise harmful material/content being Posted by any person on the Sites. We reserve the right to remove from the Sites any such Content of which we may become aware. We set out below at clause 16 how to draw material to our attention if you have any complaint. 10.5 We do not seek to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or for fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which may not be excluded by law. 10.6 Nothing in these Terms will exclude or limit any of your rights as a consumer. 10.7 We shall not have any liability to you for any delay in performance of the Service or any other matters to the extent that such events or matters are due to any events outside our reasonable control. 10.8 We will have no liability arising from any link being placed on the Sites to another website which we are not responsible for. 10.9 The Sites are accessed via the World Wide Web, which is independent of us. Your use of the World Wide Web is solely at your own risk and subject to all applicable national and international laws and regulations. We do not represent that the Sites are appropriate or available for use in any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom. We shall have no responsibility for any information or service obtained by you on the World Wide Web. 10.10 If you breach any of these Terms, you will be responsible for our losses and costs resulting from your breach.  11. AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE11.1 The Service is provided as it is in its current form. While we use reasonable skill and care in providing the Service, we do not guarantee that the Sites or the Service or any part of it will meet your requirements or expectations. 11.2 We make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information and material provided on the Sites is accurate and up-to-date, however errors or conflicts in the data may occur, and may not be correctable. 11.3 We reserve the right to interrupt the Service on a regularly scheduled basis or otherwise, with or without giving prior notice, in order to perform maintenance. However, we will use reasonable efforts to schedule maintenance during low-usage times of day. 11.4 You acknowledge that the Service may be interrupted for reasons beyond our control, and we cannot guarantee that you will be able to access the Service or your Account whenever you may wish to do so. We will not be liable for any interruptions to the Service, or any inability to access any of the Sites, resulting from any causes beyond our reasonable control, such as the quality of your Internet connection or the operation of payment systems on the Sites. 11.5 You are responsible for obtaining Internet access to the Sites from where you are in order to use Service. We cannot be held responsible for your failure to access the Sites or use the Service from any location or browser. Any access fees incurred in reaching the Sites (e.g. dial up charges) and any equipment necessary to access the Service are your responsibility.  12. DURATION AND TERMINATION12.1 We reserve the right to send you one or more written warnings or immediately suspend or terminate your registration with or your use of the Sites if you breach these Terms (repeatedly or otherwise). 12.2 On termination of your registration under these Terms: 12.2.1 we will immediately deactivate your Account and bar any further access to the Service; and 13. GENERAL13.1 These Terms are governed by English law, and you and we agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. If you live in Northern Ireland, Scotland or Wales, the laws and courts of that country will apply, if you so wish. 13.2 We will be entitled to process your personal data in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy, which may involve transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA. 13.3 We may make changes to these Terms from time to time, and place the new version on the Sites before the change takes effect. We will also mention any intended change to this on the Sites' home page. Your continued use of any of the Sites after a new version of these Terms has been placed on the Sites will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to any changes to these Terms, your only remedy is to terminate your registration and cease using the Sites.13.4 This website has been designed to be accessible to everyone. There is no button to enlarge text because browser technology now enables easy page zoom with shortcuts that should be listed in the ‘View’ menu of the browser. Page zoom has the benefit that each element of the page will be scaled proportionately. It is also more common for people with visual impairments to have their own software built-in, which automatically increases the text size.  14. COMPLAINTS AND CUSTOMER COMPAINTS14.1 If you are unhappy with any aspect of the Service, you may write to us using the contact details given on the 'Contact Us' page of the relevant Site or contact us at admin@amicus-alj.org. 15. DEFINITIONS15.1 In these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions are used: 15.1.1 'Abuse/Abusive': conduct described in our help pages; 15.1.2 'Account': the account allocated to you as part of the registration process; 15.1.4 'Blog Page': a blog facility provided on some of the Sites, enabling Users to communicate with each other and submit content; and 'Blogging' means communicating with other Users on a Blog Page; 15.1.5 'Content': any content or material (including text, logos, graphics, sound recordings, films, images, links to other websites); 15.1.6 'Defamatory material/content': any Content which negatively affects a person's or organisation's reputation;. 15.1.7 'Donation': any donation of money which you wish to make to us in respect of any particular campaign or otherwise; 15.1.8 'Intellectual Property': any patent, copyright (including so-called 'moral rights'), trade mark, design right, database or similar right anywhere in the world; 15.1.9 'User': a person who has registered for the Service on any of the Sites; 15.1.10 'Post': upload, display, exhibit, publish, submit, distribute, transmit and/or disclose information, details and/or other material on the Sites; 15.1.11 'Profile': the section of the Sites in which you Post information about yourself; 15.1.12 'Service': the service provided to you on the Sites; 15.1.13 'Sites': the websites owned and controlled by us and located at www.amicus-alj.org and which include the Amnesty Communities and 'Site' shall mean any one of the Sites; 15.1.14 'Membership Fee': the fee payable by you for your Membership; 15.1.15 'Membership': your membership of Amicus ALJ; 15.1.16 'these Terms': these terms and conditions governing your use of the Sites; 15.1.17 'we, us, our/Amicus ALJ': Amicus ALJ, a company incorporated 15.1.18 'you': the person who wishes to use the Sites and/or register on the Sites and 'your' has a similar meaning; and 15.1.19 'Your Content': any Content which you submit to the Sites while using the Service, in correspondence on Blog Pages and similar areas on the Sites in which Users may communicate with each other or in emails or live chat.  If you wish to use information from this site, please consider making a donation to support our future research and activities.