http://www.smartlegalforms.com/pages/privacy
Log in
·
Create account
Privacy
SmartLegalForms Privacy StatementAt SmartLegalForms, Inc., we understand your concerns about the privacy of personal information. Because of this, we have established the following guidelines concerning the collection, use and security of information we collect from you.This Privacy Statement applies to the Sites www.smartlegalforms.com, www.directlaw.com and www.clientspace.com. This Privacy Statement discloses our information practices, pertaining to how we collect, use and store your personal information on our Site. “Personal Information”, refers to information which, can be used to identify an individual such as name, or email.Information Collection and UseSmartLegalForms, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on the Sites. We shall not sell, share, or rent this information to third parties for their promotional purpose, nor will we use your information in ways different from what is disclosed in this Statement. We collect information from our users at several different points as described below.RegistrationIn order to use the Sites, a user must first complete the registration form in order to access the Demonstration Sites. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (name, phone number, City, State, Zip Code and email address). We also collect sensitive information; namely credit card number, name and billing zip code. This information is used to contact the user about the services on our Site for which they have expressed interest, as well as to process payment for services procured .We collect your name and email addresses for purposes of sending to you our EMAIL Newsletter. We use a third party agent to process the delivery of our newsletter. This third party agent is not authorized to use your information for any other purposes; promotional or otherwise.Information SharingWe will not disclose any of your personal information, expect when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights, or property of SmartLegalForms, Inc. SmartLegalForms, Inc., reserves the right to release personal information to its service providers, law enforcement, or other government officials, or in response to a formal request in a civil action, court order or judicial proceeding, as we in our sole and absolute discretion, deems necessary or appropriate.Moreover, in the event of a sale, merger, or acquisition of some, or all of SmartLegalForms, assets, your personal information would likely be a part of the transferred assets. In such an event, we shall notify you via email of your choices as a user, on how your information is to be used henceforth.We may also provide Aggregated Information to third parties. Such information will not include personal information of any customer or visitor.We employ a third party agent to process credit card payments for purchases made on our Site. This third party agent is not authorized to use your personal information for any other purpose; promotional or otherwise.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive by a web browser. It is used to determine if a user has visited the Site previously. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal information while on our Sites. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our Sites, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Sites. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our Service. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our Site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site.We use another company to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personal information. The statistics program on our web server collects aggregate information on what pages consumers access, or visit which we use for internal review and to improve our content.Web beaconsOur Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.Flash LSOsWe use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score, or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit, Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here: SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We employ industry accepted standards in protecting your personal information, and use SSL [Secure Socket Layer] technology in transmitting your sensitive information.All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personal Information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security, and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified, and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personal Information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [email address]. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.LinksWe provide links to other web sites we think may be of interest to you. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users’ to be aware when they leave the Sites, and to familiarize themselves with the privacy practices of these other web sites prior to disclosing personal information to them. This Privacy Statement applies solely to www.directlaw.com and www.clientspace.com.Site and Service UpdatesWe also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service as, these messages are not promotional in nature. We communicate with the user to provide requested services, and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.Correction/Updating Personal Information:If a user’s personal information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update , delete or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer SupportNotification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users’ are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point, we decide to use personal information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we shall notify users’ by way of an email. Users’ will have a choice as to whether, or not, we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their email addresses from our database to not receive future EMAIL Newsletters. You can opt- out of receiving newsletters by selecting the “unsubscribe” button present in each email we send out.Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions pertaining to any of our practices, your use of the Sites, or this Privacy Statement contact:Privacy OfficerSmartLegalForms, Inc.6231 PGA Blvd., Suite 104-170Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33418
Search
About us
Customer Support
Team
Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy
Disclaimer
Guarantee
Press
For Lawyers
For Legal Document Preparers
Powered by Shopify
Pipeline Theme
american express
apple pay
diners club
discover
elo
google pay
jcb
master
paypal
shopify pay
venmo
visa
Twitter
Facebook