https://www.grdominicans.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When donating or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience, improve our website, improve our customer service, or to send periodic e-mails. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Stay Connected to the Sisters
Learn More
Dominican Sisters
Close
Who We Are
Who We Are
Our Directions
Our History
Marywood Campus
Leadership
Our Sisters
Archives
Ministries
Our Ministries
Dominican Chapel
Dominican Center
Justice
Aquinata Hall
Marywood Campus
Marywood Health Center
Aquinas College
Partners in Parenting
Word ESL
Ministries in New Mexico
Ministries in Chimbote, Peru
Ministry Legacies
Preaching
Education
Be With Us
Be With Us
Worship
Associates
Dominican Center
Sunday Assembly
Mission & Ministry Magazine Archive
Marywood Academy Alumnae
Vocations
Vocations
About Religious Life
Visit & Pray With Us
Vocation Stories
Prayers for Vocations
Support Us
News
Events
Marywood Campus
Dominican Center
Find A Sister
Associates
Jobs
Employee Center
Donate
Search