https://www1.hai.org/policies/hai-internet-privacy-policy/
Home
Naked
Consent
Consent
Incident Report
Workshops
Start Your Journey
Change Your Conflict Style
Introduction to Intimacy
Loving Me, Loving You
Integration Practicum
Continue Your Growth
Connecting in Love:
Loving Yourself
Loving Your Choices
Exploring Spirituality and Sexuality
Exploring Surrender and Control
Exploring Vibrant Community
Advanced Workshops
Being the Source of Love
Sacred Energy eXchange
Being Radically Intimate
Mystery Workshop
Register
About Us
Our Organization
What We Do
Vision, Mission and Values
Our History
Workshop FAQ
Policies
Team
Leadership Team
Regional Producers
Workshop Facilitators
HAI Canada Board
Join the Team
Locations
HAI Around the World
Contact Us
Support HAI
Donate
Legacy Giving
HAI Financials
Blog
HomeNakedConsentConsentIncident Report CloseWorkshopsStart Your JourneyChange Your Conflict Style – Free Educational VideoIntroduction to Intimacy – A 2-2.5 Hour Online WorkshopLoving Me, Loving You – An Online Weekend WorkshopIntegration Practicum – 6-Week Coaching ProgramContinue Your GrowthConnecting in Love: – A Weekend ImmersionLoving YourselfLoving Your ChoicesExploring Spirituality and SexualityExploring Surrender and ControlExploring Vibrant CommunityAdvanced WorkshopsBeing the Source of LoveSacred Energy eXchangeBeing Radically IntimateMystery Workshop CloseRegisterAbout UsOur OrganizationWhat We DoVision, Mission and ValuesOur HistoryWorkshop FAQPoliciesTeamLeadership TeamRegional ProducersWorkshop FacilitatorsHAI Canada BoardJoin the TeamLocationsHAI Around the WorldContact Us CloseSupport HAIDonateLegacy GivingHAI Financials CloseBlog
HAI Global Privacy Policy
Protecting your information is very important to us. This Privacy Policy applies to information HAI Global (heretofore referred to as “HAI”) collects, including via our website HAI.org, our Heartbeat platform, other HAI related sites such as our event registration system and video-on-demand platform, communication and service platforms we use, and information gathered by staff (heretofore “Services”). In order to provide you with event registration and other services, and offer you content and make you aware of events we think may interest you, HAI collects and uses certain information about you. This policy explains what we collect and how to ensure the accuracy of the data we collect and use. The information HAI collects from you helps us better serve our community by personalizing HAI Services. By using our Services in any way, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Information about you we get either because you provide it to us, or it is collected automatically: HAI receives and stores the identifying information that you provide to us when using our Services.
Your personal information may be collected by us in a number of ways, including:
when you provide us with information in relation to your attendance at any of our course introductions, courses, seminars or other hosted events and services;
when you provide information to us by filling in forms on any of our websites;
when you complete surveys that we use for research purposes; and
when you contact us, for example, to inquire about our services.
This information may include; a) your name; email address; telephone number(s); address; demographics and other personal data; and agreements you’ve electronically and/or physically acknowledged or signed, for example, the signed commitment to be bound by HAI’s Standards for Consent.  We also may collect and retain financial information, such as credit card number and expiration date.
We may also receive information collected through our or other providers’ websites about your browser and system information, including information collected through browser cookies.  This kind of information may include IP address, browser used, location data, gateway location, etc., and may include both identifying and non-identifying information. This is the kind of information that is widely used for marketing purposes on the internet, and may be limited by your browser settings.
How we use your information: We use the information we collect to provide for such purposes as processing your event registration request, responding to inquiries, improving our service, informing you of events, marketing and communicating with you.
How we share your information:
HAI does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes. We may disclose the information that we collect about you, including your personal information, as follows:
Service Providers. HAI uses a variety of third party service providers to help provide services on our behalf. These providers have limited access to your information to perform specific tasks on HAI’s behalf, and are contractually bound to protect and to use it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed and consistent with this Privacy Policy. These providers may include sites for: donation processing, video conferencing, and video-on-demand servers, among others.
In Response to Legal Process/To Protect Ourselves and Others. We may be required to disclose your personal information to the government, public authorities, law enforcement agencies, or third parties to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also may disclose your personal information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Credit Card Information. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on HAI’s behalf.
Other than detailed above, HAI will contact you and request your permission prior to sharing your information with third parties.
Cookies and Tracking: HAI uses cookies to make interactions with our websites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of our websites, HAI’s servers send a cookie to your computer or device. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to HAI, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form (such or have previously identified yourself to HAI), you remain anonymous to the Company.
Web Beacons, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies: We may use web beacons, such as clear GIFs, web bugs or pixel tags, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We and our third-party service providers also may use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers to help us track email response rates, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Site Analytics: We work with third party service providers who use the technologies described in this section and other tracking means to conduct analytics to help us track and understand how visitors use our Site. For example, we use a variety of third party web analytics, including Google Analytics, to help us improve our Site’s performance and user experiences. We analyze how users interact with our websites so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our customers.
How we protect your information: The security of your personal information is important to us. We use Secured Socket Layer (“SSL”) software in order to encrypt the personal information that you provide to us; your transmission of personal information to us online will be encrypted. You can verify whether your personal information is transmitted using SSL encryption by confirming the symbol of a closed lock or solid key on the bottom bar of your browser window. You can also verify that your personal information will be encrypted using SSL encryption by making sure that the prefix for the web address listed for that page has changed from “http” to “https”. If you do not see the appropriate symbol and the “https” prefix, you should not assume that the personal information that you are being asked to provide will be encrypted prior to transmission.
The personal information we collect from you online is stored by us and/or our service providers on databases protected through a combination of physical and electronic access controls, firewall technology and other reasonable security measures. Nevertheless, such security measures cannot prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of personal information and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law. Where required under law, we will notify you of any such loss, misuse or alteration of personal information that may affect you so that you can take the appropriate actions for the due protection of your rights.
Accessing HAI online from outside the United States: Our online offerings may not be appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access HAI online, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction.
HAI’s website and other HAI-managed online content is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting it from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By accessing HAI online, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities.
Please also be aware that service providers we use may have servers outside the United States, and that we have no control or responsibility for data that may transit or rest outside the US under the control of a service provider.
Children’s Use of the website: The HAI Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under age 13. If you are under 13 years old, do not use or provide any information on or through the Website. If we learn we have collected or received Personally Identifiable Information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any personally identifiable information from or about a child under the age of 13, please email us at privacy@hai.org.
How to contact us: If you believe there’s an error in your information or should you want to opt-out of any mailing lists, do so by sending an email to: privacy@HAI.org, or for email opt-out you may use the opt-out button at the bottom of our emails.  You may also call the HAI office at (+1) 707-981-7886.
Updates:  HAI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address we have for you, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the HAI site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Updates to this policy will be posted on HAI Global’s website, www.HAI.org.
EEA/Switzerland/UK: The following provisions apply only to users residing in the European Union Area (“EEA”), Switzerland and the UK.
Please note, in May of 2018 a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) went into effect. Pursuant to GDPR, we are required to provide those residing in the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (hereinafter, the “EU Users”) additional information and rights related to the “Personal Data” we collect about them. We summarize such information and rights below.
12a. How To Contact Us: HAI Global (the Data Controller) is the owner and operator of the Website. If you need to contact us for any reason related to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Website, please contact us privacy@hai.org.
12b. Purpose For Information Collection: As noted in this Privacy Policy, you may visit our Website without being required to provide us with any Personal Data. However, should you decide to provide such information, the information we collect will be used to meet your requests, or to provide you with the applicable information or service requested, and as further described herein.
12c. Legal Grounds For Processing Personal Data: HAI will process personal data that we receive from EU Users on the ground that it is in our legitimate interest for the effective administration of the Website, to fulfill and/or address your requests, or to provide the functionalities and features as further described herein.
12d. Your Information And Your Choices; Withdrawal Of Consent: GDPR provides EU Users with additional rights in respect to the Personal Data we hold about you, including the right i) to be informed about the Personal Data we have collected, and ii) to request a copy of the Personal Data, and iii) to have your Personal Data deleted, and iv) to lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with your local supervisory authority. Upon appropriate written request we will update or amend your Personal Data, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your Personal Data—or request that we stop any processing of your Personal Data—by contacting us. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Additionally, there may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with your request because of the laws in your jurisdiction or because of exemptions provided in data protection legislation in general, and GDPR in particular. Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you, but we will make the request on your behalf for such removal/deletion.
12e. Children’s Privacy/Note To Parents Of Children Residing In The EEA, Switzerland And UK: The Website does not intentionally or knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website who are under 16 years of age. If a child under the age of 16 submits information to us through any part of the Website and HAI becomes aware that the user submitting the information is under the age of 16, the information provided will be deleted as soon as it is discovered and not used for any purpose. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 16 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at the address below and be sure to include in your message the email address that you believe your child submitted, if applicable: privacy@hai.org.
HAI PoliciesADA Policy
Cancellation Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
HAI General Hygiene and Coronavirus
HeartBeat Terms of Use
Internet Privacy Policy
Whistle-Blower Policy
© 2020 HAI Global
|
design:
Atkinson Visions | photo credits
The HeartBeat
Privacy Policy
Tech Support
Type and press Enter to search