https://yanktonbenedictines.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Sacred Heart Monastery Home Page Privacy Statement This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website (“Site”) collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect information you choose to provide us. Use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and federal laws, as well as general monastery policies. Information Collected This Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc.), and (b) information we collect automatically when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. Information Voluntarily Provided by You This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, responding to surveys, completing membership forms, sending e-mails, etc.  It is this Site’s general practice to use personal information only for the purposes for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site.  However, information collected through this Site may be subject to the monastery’s obligation to respond to subpoenas, court orders and discovery requests. Although this Site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the Site.  Information disclosed in chat rooms, news groups, forums, message boards and similar contexts may become public.  Users should therefore exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts. Email We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to any third parties.  E-mail addresses and updates may be shared with departments within the monastery.   (For example Yankton Benedictines mailing list and Peace Center list.) Information which you provide us and anecdotal information (such as attendance at events, areas of interest) may be kept on the monastery computer system using Microsoft Office and g-mail and contacts.  We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law. In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us. Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us at anytime. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. Information We Collect Automatically This Site collects information automatically through the use of cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.  This information does not include any personal information.  We use this information primarily to monitor the use of this Site and to make improvements.  We may share this data with partners in order to enhance the functionality of this Site. Cookies “Cookies” are small text files used to collect information about website activity.  No personal information is collected through our use of cookies.  This Site uses cookies for two main purposes: (a) to carry information about your current session at this Site from one web page to the next, and (b) to identify you on this Site on return visits. Sacred Heart Monastery reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. Sacred Heart Monastery reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites. You have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser.  If you opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However, you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login (e.g. accessing secured content, posting to message boards, etc). Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Third Party Tracking Technology This Site uses Google Analytics, the Google Search API, Google custom search, the Google Maps API.  This Site uses a tracking technology called Google Analytics to obtain Site usage information such as users’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the Site is visited.  Data obtained through Google Analytics does not include and is not linked to any personal information.  Data from Google Analytics allows us to monitor the use of this Site, understand how users find our Site, and improve the Site’s function and content. Site usage data collected through Google Analytics is not shared with other Google products and tools.  Our use of Google Analytics is in compliance with Google’s Terms of Service. Google provides more information about Google’s privacy practices and information on how to opt-out of Google Analyticstracking of your web browsing. Server Logs Our web servers routinely generate logs that contain the following types of information each time the Site is used:
The date, time and length of your visit. The path taken through our Site and the browser being used. The list of files downloaded and the amount of time spent viewing video or audio files. The IP Address of the computer accessing our Site. Any errors encountered.
This information is used primarily to monitor the functioning and integrity of the Site. Links This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each website they visit. Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to receive communications from us. Changes to Privacy Statement If we make changes to our privacy statement, we will indicate this on our home page. Disclaimer Neither Sacred Heart Monastery, nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees, shall be liable for any improper or incorrect use of information obtained through the use of this Site. Consent By using this Site you consent to the terms of this privacy statement.
RSSA Reflection on the Dedication of Our ChapelRetreat ~ A Time of ReflectionLet Perpetual Light Shine Upon Her ~ Sister KevinBenedictine Hospitality and SewingCatholic Sisters Week ~ Golden Class
Close Box
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Please enter your username or email address.You will receive a link to reset the password via email.
Sign in
Sign in | Lost your password?