https://ycountrycamp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
The main purpose of our web site is to provide information and services to individuals. Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting it and to making you aware of our online practices regarding the privacy of your information.
Information Collected
Our web site does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information, such as email addresses, from visitors.
We collect personal information when you provide it in the course of interacting with the site. You may be able to register for courses or events, subscribe to an email newsletter, fill in online forms, participate in polls or surveys, or make a donation. In so doing, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, or information about your interests and activities.
If your personal information changes and you wish to update it (such as your address), or if you wish to delete your information, you may contact the web site administrator who will correct, update or remove your personal information as requested.
We also may collect information that is not personally identifiable, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
Correspondence
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address.
How the Information Is Used
We may use the information you give us to provide services to you, at your request. We may use it to communicate with you through periodic messages regarding services, events, and other information and notices we believe you may find interesting or useful. We may use it for confirmation of donations, registrations, or other actions you take on our site, and for related customer service needs.
We do not sell, rent, swap or otherwise share our mailing lists with external organizations. Any personal information you provide will not be disseminated to third parties outside of the YM-YWHA Montreal Jewish Community Centres and/or the Harry Bronfman Y Country Camp.
We may use the information that is not personally identifiable to analyze the design and functioning of our site in order to make site improvements. We may use such information in the aggregate to analyze site usage.
We will disclose personally identifiable information when required to do so by law.
Cookies
Our site may collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small text file containing a string of characters that is placed by an Internet server on your hard drive. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use persistent cookies to store the non-personally identifiable information described above, and to store inferences we make based on that non-personally identifiable information about what a user’s interests might be. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can change your web browser settings to cause your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can remove and/or disable cookies by following directions provided in your Internet web browser’s “help” file or menu. Please be aware, however, that some aspects of our Web site may not function properly if cookies are disabled.
Children’s Privacy
The YM-YWHA is very sensitive to the issue of children’s privacy. Our web site, products and services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 13.
The YM-YWHA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 and we will promptly delete any information related to children, once brought to our knowledge. At times, persistent identifiers are used for internal operations and optimizations, but never for behavioural targeting.
If you believe your child has provided the YM-YWHA with personally identifiable data, or registered at one of our websites and you would like to have the data removed, please contact privacy@ymywha.com.
Security
The YM-YWHA uses commercially reasonable physical, organizational and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the YM-YWHA and you do so at your own risk. If we ask you to enter credit card information, we use the top industry standard security protection, including encryption, SSL transmission connection, and a secure server for information storage. Once your credit card has been processed, your credit card information is not stored on our web servers.
Links
We may provide links to other web sites that we believe you will find useful. We ask you to recognize that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites nor do we necessarily endorse such sites.
Personal Use
We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, view, use, display and print information on this web site, including all the materials provided hereon, for your personal, informational, noncommercial use only.
You may not copy, modify, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, license, or sell any logos, content or any portion of this site without our prior express written consent.
You agree not to interrupt, or attempt to interrupt, the operation of this web site in any way.
You warrant that you will not use this web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the new Policy and will revise the effective date stated in the Policy and, in some cases of material change, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Effective Date
This Policy was last revised on February 12, 2016.
Questions and Comments
Questions and comments about our Policy should be directed to privacy@ymywha.com or write to us at:
Director of Communications-Marketing
5400 Westbury Ave
Montreal, Quebec
H3W 2W8