https://yogaisyouth.com/privacy-policy
Close
Book Your Reservation
Select a service
Number of guests is required
Date & Time is required
Name is required
Email is required
Enter a valid email
Phone is required
Thank you for contacting us.
Studio Policies and Terms
Privacy Policy
At Yoga is Youthfulness, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will use the information we collect about you to provide you with news about YiY workshops, changes of schedule and yoga related information. We do not share any of your information with any one or any business.
Your personal information relating to credit card payments, including your membership is processed by Mind-Body Online (www.mindbodyonline.com) on their secure website linked to ours. Mind-Body has its own privacy policy and any information that you provide on its website will be subject to its privacy policy.
Membership terms
Memberships can be placed on hold for one to three months up to two times per calendar year.
We do not offer refunds on memberships.
To cancel your membership please email info@yogaisyouth.com with your request at least 10 business days in advance prior to cancelation date. You are asked to commit to at least 6 months of membership before cancelation.
To upgrade or downgrade your membership please contact us info@yogaisyouth.com.
Workshop cancelation
If you signed up for the workshop, and need to cancel, you will get full refund, less $15 administrative fee, if you email us 15 days before the day of the workshop. No refunds after that.
Mailing List
If you choose to register on our mailing list, we will save your name and email address and send you regular email newsletters. We will not pass on information about you to any other person or organization.
Opting Out
Yoga is Youthfulness provides mailing list members the opportunity to opt out from the mailing list at any point. All you need to do is reply to one of our newsletters wiht the subject “unsubscribe”. Alternatively, send us a message at info@yogaisyouth.com asking to be removed from the mailing list.
Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We protect our students’ information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Yoga is Youthfulness is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Contacting Yoga is Youthfulness
If you have any questions about these statements, the practices of this site, or if you wish to remove your registration information from our database, please contact: info@yogaisyouth.com
Our Studio Ethical Guidelines
At Yoga is Youthfulness we are committed to providing an inclusive, safe, loving, compassionate, and welcoming environment for all members of our staff and students. It’s the fabric of our culture at YiY that we have maintained for the past 20 years. YiY has always been committed to providing yoga in it’s purest form in a harassment-free and inclusive environment for everyone regardless of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disabilities, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, age, religion, or other protected category. We take violations of our policy seriously and will respond appropriately.
YiY does not tolerate any form of sexual misconduct such as offensive and unwelcome sexual comments and offensive and unwelcome physical contact of a sexual nature. We have adopted the following Ethical Guidelines which provide principles for the type of conduct that we expect at YiY. If you believe you have been subjected to discrimination or actions that have violated our ethical guidelines, please immediately inform the owner of YiY, Sabina, by emailing her sabina at yogaisyouth dot com. We will keep your report strictly confidential.
There have been, in the past, some behaviors by yoga teachers, that are not appropriate. While we acknowledge that fact, we also acknowledge that personal behavior of the teacher is no reflection of what yoga is and yoga we practice.
Yoga is Youthfulness, 1954 Old Middlefield Way, Mountain View, CA 94043, Tel (650) 964 5277
We are conveniently located off the Middlefield Exit of the 101 in Mountain View, which is on the Peninsula of the San Francisco Bay Area, near Stanford, Palo Alto, Los Altos, Sunnyvale, Milpitas, Campbell, Cupertino, Santa Clara, Menlo Park, Atherton and San Jose
About us
Schedule
Directions
Contact us
Studio Policies and Terms
Updates Sign Up
MorningMysore Blog
subscribe to blog