https://yoloda.org/privacy-policy-disclaimer/
Menu
Home
About Us
Yolo County District Attorney Jeff Reisig
Vision, Mission, Values, Strategic Priorities
Criminal Cases & Jury Trial Statistics
Honoring Yolo County Fallen Peace Officers
Investigations Division Policies
Departments
The DA’s Office
Victim Assistance & Family Protection
Conviction & Sentence Integrity Unit
Consumer Fraud & Environmental Protection
Environmental Protection
High Tech Crimes Unit
Innovation & Technology
Human Trafficking Unit
White Collar Crime & Fraud Prosecution
HOMELESSNESS
District Attorney Jeff Reisig’s Five-Point Plan to Reduce Homelessness
Innovative Programs
GLIDE – Exploring the “Service” Paradigm
Neighborhood Court: A Restorative Justice Program
Neighborhood Court Expansion Projects
Homeless Neighborhood Court Pilot Program
Mental Health Court
Addiction Intervention Court
Steps to Success
Multi-Cultural Community Council
Citizen’s Academy
FOCUS Program
Media
Press Releases
Why We Seek Justice
Podcasts
Crime Prevention
COVID-19
Beware of Fraudulent Loan Modification and Foreclosure Rescue Scams During COVID-19
Beware of Medical Scams During COVID-19
Beware of Sextortion During COVID-19
Keep Your Children Safe While Online During COVID-19
Protecting Children Online
Staying Safe Online During COVID-19 Crisis
Stimulus Check Scams
Officer Involved Incidents
Contact Us
General Contact Information
Fraud Department Links/Contact
Contact Forms
Fraud Reporting
Neighborhood Court Contacts
U-Visa
Join the DA Team
Community Resources
The District Attorney of Yolo County, as an elected executive officer, is empowered by the California Constitution and the California Government Code to serve as the chief law enforcement officer of the County.
General Information
Our office is prohibited from giving legal advice to the general public and from speaking either in person or over the telephone with defendants represented by counsel (California Business & Professions Code section 6131).
The purpose of this site is to communicate matters of public interest in Yolo County related to the Yolo County District Attorney’s Office. This is a moderated online discussion site and not a public forum. This site will not be used for political purposes. Once posted, the County reserves the right to delete submissions that contain:
1. Vulgar language or sexually explicit comments2. Personal attacks of any kind3. Content that promotes, fosters, or perpetuates discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, age, religion, gender, marital status, genetics, status with regard to public assistance, national origin, physical or intellectual disability or sexual orientation4. Spam or links to other sites5. Content that is off topic or not directly related to the business of the County of Yolo6. Promotion of illegal activities7. Content that promotes or opposes political organizations8. Infringements on copyrights or trademarks9. Personal and/or identifiable medical information; or10. Information that may compromise the safety, security, or proceedings of public systems or any criminal or civil investigations
The comments expressed on this site do not reflect the opinions and position of the Yolo County government or its officers and employees. If you have any questions concerning this social media platform, please contact us at district.attorney@yolocounty.org
Disclaimer
Any links to external websites and/or non-Yolo County District Attorney information provided on Yolo County District Attorney pages are provided as a courtesy. They should not be construed as an endorsement by the Yolo County District Attorney of the content or views of the linked materials.