https://yoloaudubon.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Yolo Audubon Society
Yolo Audubon SocietyEvents
Conservation
Conservation Issues
Birding in Yolo County
Where to Bird in Yolo County
2019 Checklist of the Birds of Yolo County, California
Christmas Bird Count
Bird Rehabilitation Resources
I Found a Baby Bird
Report a Dead Bird
News
News and Information
Burrowing Owl Archive
The Legacy of Eponymous Bird Names
About
Support YAS
Join, Renew, Donate
Volunteer Opportunities
Amazon Smile
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy PolicyYolo Audubon Society (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://yoloaudubonsociety.org (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Do Not Track Disclosures
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference in your browser that you can set to notify websites that you visit that you do not want the websites to collect certain information about you. Yolo Audubon Society does not respond to DNT signals. If you object to Yolo Audubon Society’s practice with regards to DNT signals, you are free not to visit the Yolo Audubon Society website.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 14th, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Yolo Audubon Society
P.O. Box 886
Davis, CA 95617
yoloaudu@yoloaudubon.org
The Yolo Audubon Society fosters an appreciation of birds and other wildlife through educational programs and field trips, brings conservation issues to public awareness, and acts to preserve Yolo County bird life and habitat.
Browse our Site
About Us
Events
Conservation
Birding in Yolo County
News
Support YAS
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
© 2020 Yolo Audubon Society  |  Site design by 706 Media