https://yorkminster.org/terms-conditions/
BUY TICKETS
Worship
Ways to worship
Life events
Choir and music
Sermons
Archbishop and Diocese
Christian Faith
Visit
Plan your visit
Families
Schools
Groups
Discover
Stories
Shop
Behind the scenes
Conservation
Collections, Archive and Library
Interactive Map
Timeline
What’s on
Get Involved
Donate
Community
Volunteer
Friends of York Minster
Partners and supporters
Safeguarding
About us
Sign up
Shop
Latest
Media centre
Jobs
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Close
About us
Sign up
Shop
Latest
Media centre
Jobs
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Type your search below
Today we are open fromFirst admission10:00 amLast admission3:00 pm
Opening Times
Ticket prices range from £9 to £25.
Admissions
See our What's On section for upcoming services and events
What's on
Visiting York Minster.
Visit
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Scroll to explore
Visitor Entry to York Minster – Admission Tickets
Thank you for visiting York Minster, we hope you enjoy your visit.
Purchase of an admission ticket shall constitute acceptance of the following Conditions:
The ticket may be used to admit the purchaser to York Minster.
The ticket is not transferable. It belongs to the person who purchased it, it can only be used by the original purchaser and it cannot be exchanged or refunded.
Please keep your admission ticket with you at all times.
The Chapter of York reserves the right to refuse entry and/or to close all or part of the Minster at any time.
York Minster is an exceptionally busy working cathedral. Services are of varying duration and may sometimes be arranged at short notice. Sightseeing visitor entry may have to be suspended in parts or the whole of the Minster during services.
No animals may be brought into the Minster, except for assistance dogs.
Food and drink may not be consumed inside York Minster.
Smoking (including the use of e-cigarettes) is prohibited inside York Minster.
The Chapter of York reserves the right to conduct random bag searches upon entry to the Minster. No suitcases or large bags may be brought into the Minster.
Please note that York Minster has nowhere to store visitors’ personal property. Visitors are responsible for the security of their personal property. Unattended items will be removed by the Minster Police. The Chapter of York accepts no responsibility for any loss or damage howsoever caused to any property belonging to any visitor to the Minster.
Commercial photography is not permitted without the prior written permission of the Chapter of York. This includes the recording of any images and/or sound for commercial purposes and the uploading onto the Internet or any on-line publishing of any material created or recorded in the Minster. All commercial image-use rights in all images created inside York Minster remain the property of the Chapter of York.
Photography, audio and video recording is not permitted during Minster services, acts of worship or events, and is not permitted in the Undercroft or the Treasury.
Please respect York Minster as a place of worship by switching your mobile phone to silent and not making or receiving any calls.
Admission tickets are valid for 12 months, at no extra charge, so you can come back as many times as you like for a full year.
If you are returning to the Minster and wish to re-use an admission ticket that you purchased during the last 12 months, please bring the ticket and proof of identity.
Admission tickets are valid for 12 months for entry to the Minster only during our normal daily opening times. They are not valid for evening admission or admission to separately ticketed events.
Tickets sold for evening admission or admission to separately ticketed events are valid solely for the event and date stated on the ticket and not for 12 months, and are sold subject to separate York Minster Box Office Terms & Conditions.
The Chapter of York reserves the right, at its absolute discretion, to amend these Conditions (and its York Minster Box Office Terms & Conditions) from time to time.
Website Terms of Use
Ownership
The website www.yorkminster.org belongs to the Corporation of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of St. Peter in York. The Chapter of York is the Corporation’s governing executive and acts on its behalf to protect and enforce its legal and other proprietary rights. The terms “Us”, “We”, “Our” and “the Owner” refer to the Chapter of York and administrative operators of this website. “You” and “Your” refer to the user or viewer of this website.
Legal Agreement
By accessing this website or any page accessible on it You accept in their entirety and without limitation, qualification or modification the Terms of Use set out below (“the Terms”) and You acknowledge that You are bound by the Terms. If You do not wish to be bound by the Terms, You must not use this website.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between You and the Chapter of York as to your use of this website and shall supersede any prior agreement or representation in that regard.
We may modify the Terms in Our absolute discretion from time to time without individual notice to You. You will be deemed to have accepted all such modifications if You to use this website after each modification has been posted.
Intellectual Property Rights
The content of this website in its entirety, including all text content, graphics, layouts and source code, belongs to the Owner. The content of this website is protected by intellectual property rights, copyright law and treaties around the world. Some of the content of this website is the copyrighted and licensed work of third parties. All such rights are reserved.
Copying, redistribution, use or publication of any content of this website, whether for no charge or for any direct or indirect monetary gain, is strictly prohibited – save that You may print off one copy, and You may download extracts, of any page(s) from this website for Your personal and non-commercial use and reference only and You may draw the attention of others within Your organisation to content posted on this website.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any content that You print off or download from this website in any way, and You must not use any illustration, photograph, image, video or audio sequence or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material published on this website must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on this website for any commercial purpose without first obtaining a licence to do so from Us or, as applicable, from Our licensors.
If You print off, copy or download any content of this website in breach of these Terms, Your right to use Our website will cease immediately and You must, at Our option, return or destroy any copies of the content that You have made.
You warrant that it is legal for You to view this website in the jurisdiction to which You are subject. You are responsible for compliance with all laws of that jurisdiction, in viewing or using any of the content published on this website.
Access to Website
Access to this website is permitted on a temporary basis, and We reserve the right to withdraw or amend any aspect of the service We provide on this website without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, Your access to or use of this website with or without notice.
From time to time, We may restrict access to some parts of this website, or the entire website, to users who have registered with Us.
If You are provided with any user identification code, password, access credentials or other information as part of Our security procedures, You must treat all such information as confidential and must not disclose it to any third party. We reserve the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by You or allocated by Us, at any time if in Our opinion You have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for You to have access to this website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access this website through Your internet connection are aware of these Terms and that they comply with them.
Reliance on Information
Commentary and other materials posted on this website are not intended to amount to advice on which any reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on any such commentary or other materials by any user of this website, or by anyone who may be informed about any of its contents.
We are not responsible for and have no liability for third-party content that may be posted on this website, or for any content linked-to from this website including other websites.
Changes to Content
The content of this website is subject to change without notice. We aim to update this website regularly, and may change the content at any time. The content of this website may be out of date at any given time and We are under no obligation to update any such content.
Neither We nor any other party guarantees the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the content of this website. You acknowledge that errors or inaccuracies may exist, and that the Owner is not liable for any such errors or inaccuracies.
We reserve the right to remove any content, material and/or information from this website without warning, and without prejudice to any other accrued rights, and to make available any content, material and/or information when required to do so by law or when requested or required to do so by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations.
Our Liability
You agree that You access and use this website entirely at Your own risk. The content of this website is provided without any guarantee, condition or warranty as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, We and all third parties connected to Us hereby expressly exclude:
All guarantees, conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
Any liability for direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage allegedly incurred by any user of this website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of this website, any websites linked to it or any materials posted on it, including:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business or business opportunity;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill; or
wasted management, administrative or office time; and
whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable. Nothing stated above affects or restricts Our liability for death or personal injury arising from Our negligence, nor Our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
If You are dissatisfied with any content or functionality of this website, or with any of these Terms, your sole remedy is to stop using the website.
Your Responsibilities
You undertake to the Chapter of York that You will not use this website for any purpose or in any way that is prohibited by these Terms or is otherwise unlawful. You agree to indemnify the Chapter of York, its officers, employees and licensors in respect of any loss that We or they may suffer as a result, directly or indirectly, of any breach by You of this undertaking.
In particular, You agree that You will not at any time while accessing or using this website:
impersonate another person or use a false name or a name You are unauthorised to use, or create a false identity or origin or e-mail address or try to mislead Us or others as to identity or origin of any communications or to provide inaccurate or unreliable contact details;
modify, access or make available data stored on a computer or other device that You access through this website, when either the owner of the data, computer or device has taken steps to prevent You from doing this or the owner has expressed a wish that You do not do this;
make available or upload files that contain software or other material, data or information not owned by or licensed to You or collect information about others (such as names and addresses) without their express prior consent;
damage, interfere with or disrupt access to this website or do anything that might impair its functionality;
use this website in any way to send unsolicited (commercial or otherwise) e-mail (“Spam”) or any material for marketing or publicity purposes;
publish, post, distribute, disseminate or otherwise transmit defamatory, offensive, obscene, indecent or otherwise unlawful or objectionable material or information;
make available, upload or distribute by any means any material or files that contain any viruses, bugs, corrupt data, trojan horses, worms or any other harmful software;
falsify the true ownership of software or other material or information contained in a file made available via this website
Viruses, Hacking and Other Offences
You must not misuse this website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt, through whatever means, to gain unauthorised access to this website, the server on which it is hosted or any server, computer or database connected to this website. You must not attack this website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
A breach of this provision by You would be a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report all and any such breaches to the relevant law enforcement authorities and will co-operate fully with those authorities, including disclosing Your identity to them. In the event of any such breach, Your right to use this website will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any distributed denial-of-service attack, any virus or any other technologically harmful material that may infect Your computer equipment, computer programmes, data or other proprietary material due to Your use of this website or to Your downloading of any material posted on it or on any website linked to it.
Termination
We may restrict Your access to Our website, refuse to correspond with You and/or remove Your details from any relevant databases without prejudice to any other accrued rights and without prior notice to You where:
there is a regulatory or statutory change limiting Our ability to provide access to the website;
there is any event beyond Our reasonable control that prevents Us from providing access to the website (for example, and without limitation, technical difficulties, capacity problems and communications failures); or
We consider in Our sole discretion that You are abusing the website or are otherwise acting in breach of these Terms.
Information About You and Your Use of this Website
We process information about You in accordance with applicable law. By using this website, You consent to such processing, You warrant that all data provided by You is accurate and You agree that We may place cookies on any device(s) You use when accessing this website.
Transactions Concluded Through this Website
Contracts for the supply of goods formed through this website, or as a result of any visit(s) to this website made by You, are governed by Our applicable terms and conditions of supply.
Uploading Material to this Website
Whenever You make use of any feature that allows You to upload material to this website, any material that You upload to this website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and We will have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties all and any such material for any purpose. We will also have the right to disclose Your identity to any third party who may claim that material posted or uploaded by You to this website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any material uploaded or posted to this website by You or by any other user of this website, and We will not be responsible or liable for any violation that any such material may constitute.
We reserve the right to remove any material that You upload and/or any posting that You make on this website if, in Our opinion, such material or post does not comply with standards which We from time to time at Our absolute discretion decide are applicable to this website.
Virus Protection and Compatibility
While certain precautions are taken to detect computer viruses and to assess the security of this website, we cannot guarantee that this website is virus-free or secure. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage that occurs as a result of any virus or breach of website security.
We give no warranties as to the compatibility of this website with your computer systems, software or hardware.
Linking to this Website
You may link to the home page on Our website, provided You do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage Our reputation or take advantage of it, but You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, partnership, joint venture, approval or endorsement on Our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to Our website from any website that is not owned by You.
Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may You create a link to any part of Our website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Links from this Website
Where this website contains links to other websites or resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for information only. We have no control over the contents of those third party websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from Your use of them.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from the use of Our website, although we retain the right to bring proceedings against You for breach of the Terms in Your country of residence or any other relevant country or jurisdiction.
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page. You must check this page to take notice of any changes that We make, as they will all be binding on You.
Some of the provisions contained in these Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on this website.
General
Any failure or delay by the Chapter of York in enforcing compliance with any of these Terms shall not be a waiver of that or of any other provision of these Terms. None of these Terms shall be enforceable by any third party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
If any provision in any of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision, but such provision only, shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.
Copyright and Trade Mark Notices
All aspects of the content and design of this website are Copyright © 2018 Chapter of York.
Thank you for visiting our website.
Box Office terms and conditions
Click below to download a copy of our Box Office terms and conditions.
Download
Stay up to date with York Minster
Event alerts
Seasonal services
Behind the scenes features
Latest Minster-inspired gifts
SIGN UP
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.