https://yorkminster.org/cookies-policy/
BUY TICKETS
Worship
Ways to worship
Life events
Choir and music
Sermons
Archbishop and Diocese
Christian Faith
Visit
Plan your visit
Families
Schools
Groups
Discover
Stories
Shop
Behind the scenes
Conservation
Collections, Archive and Library
Interactive Map
Timeline
What’s on
Get Involved
Donate
Community
Volunteer
Friends of York Minster
Partners and supporters
Safeguarding
About us
Sign up
Shop
Latest
Media centre
Jobs
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Close
About us
Sign up
Shop
Latest
Media centre
Jobs
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Type your search below
Today we are open fromFirst admission10:00 amLast admission3:00 pm
Opening Times
Ticket prices range from £9 to £25.
Admissions
See our What's On section for upcoming services and events
What's on
Visiting York Minster.
Visit
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Scroll to explore
Cookies and Tracking Technology
This site may use cookies or browser tracking technologies to provide a better overall user experience. This information allows us to continue modifying the site to meet end user browser types, operating systems, and frequency of visits. Personal information cannot be collected by these methods unless expressly provided by the end user. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
What are cookies?
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file that’s stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website. Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies and enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively, you can search the internet for other independent information on cookies.
How we use cookies
We use cookies (and sometimes other similar technologies) to:
Monitor your use on our website and gather analytics to help us improve your browsing experience
Remember your preferences to personalise your visit
Personalise our website and display information relevant to you
Help us improve the usability of our website
This policy applies only to interactions taking place via the web site, and does not govern offline interactions.
Stay up to date with York Minster
Event alerts
Seasonal services
Behind the scenes features
Latest Minster-inspired gifts
SIGN UP
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.