http://youngjains.org.uk/privacy
Home About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are?
How do we collect information about you?
Information we collect and why we use it
Legal basis for using your information
Marketing
Sharing your information
Keeping your information safe
How long we hold your information for
Your rights
Cookies
At Young Jains, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
We want everyone who supports us, volunteers with us, becomes a member or attends our events, to feel confident and comfortable with how any personal information you share with us will be looked after or used.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and store your personal information (this means any information that identifies or could identify you).
The Young Jains Privacy Policy may change so please remember to check back from time to time. This is version 1.0 which was last updated on the 27th April 2018. Where we have made any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will make this clear on our website or contact you about any changes.
Who are we?
Here at Young Jains, we are committed to protecting your personal information and making every effort to ensure that your personal information is processed in a fair, open and transparent manner.
We are a “data controller” for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and (from 25 May 2018) the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“Data Protection Law”).  This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information.
For queries about our privacy practices, please contact us by:
Writing to Data Protection, Young Jains, 1 Colonial Way, P.O. Box 233, North Watford, Herts, WD24 4EW
Emailing to privacy@youngjains.org.uk
How do we collect information about you?
Everything we do, we do to ensure that we can help people open eyes to Jain Dharma, by providing a platform for self-discovery through events such as workshops, retreats and conventions, as well as the range of volunteering opportunities through which to cultivate friendship, appreciation, compassion and equanimity.
We want to make sure you receive the communications that are most relevant to you, be it through visiting our website or receiving emails, post, phone calls, text messages or social media messaging. We want to make sure you receive the best attention when you book on an event, become a member or make a donation.
We collect information from you in the following ways:
When you interact with us directly: This could be if you ask us about our activities, register with us for an event, make a donation to us, purchase something, apply for a job or volunteering opportunity or otherwise provide us with your personal information. This includes when you visit our website, make a purchase at our events or online, or get in touch through the post, email, social media, or in person.
When you interact with us through third parties: This could be if you provide a donation, make a payment or register for an event through a third party such as Eventbrite or one of the other third parties that we work with and provide your consent for your personal information to be shared with us.
When you visit our website: We gather general information which might include which pages you visit most often and which services, events or information is of most interest to you. We may also track which pages you visit when you click on links in emails from us. We also use “cookies” to help our site run effectively. There are more details below – see ‘Cookies’.
We may use this information to personalise the way our website is presented when you visit to make improvements and to ensure we provide the best service and experience for you. Wherever possible we use anonymous information which does not identify individual visitors to our website.
Information we collect and why we use it
Personal information we collect includes details such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, home telephone and/or mobile number. You will have given us some or all of this information whilst signing up to become a member, volunteering with us or when registering for an event. We may also collect details such as which pages have been accessed on our website.
We will mainly use this information:
To process your membership, to claim Gift Aid on your donations and verify any financial transactions
To provide the services or resources that we offer, namely printed copies of our magazine which are posted directly to your address and to offer discounted rates for any of our ticketed events
To facilitate volunteering opportunities
If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to process your membership, sign you up for an event at the members price or provide copies of the magazine as part of our member offering.
We may also use your personal information:
To contact you about our work and how you can support Young Jains
To invite you to participate in surveys or research.
Legal basis for using your information
In some cases, we will only use your personal information where we have your consent or because we need to use it in order to fulfil our service to you (for example, because you have registered for an event through our website).
However, there are other lawful reasons that allow us to process your personal information and one of those is called ‘legitimate interests’.
Whenever we process your Personal Information under the ‘legitimate interest’ lawful basis we make sure that we take into account your rights and interests and will not process your personal information if we feel that there is an imbalance.
Some examples of where we have a legitimate interest to process your Personal information are where we contact you about our work via post, use your personal information for data analytics, conducting research to better understand who our members and supporters are, improving our services (for example, the type of events that are run), for our legal purposes (for example, dealing with complaints and claims), or for complying with guidance from the Charity Commission.
Marketing
We will only contact you about our work and how you can support Young Jains by phone or email, if you have agreed for us to contact you in this manner.
However, if you have provided us with your postal address and are a member we may send you information about specific events we are organising unless you have told us that you would prefer not to hear from us in that way.
You can update your choices or stop us sending you these communications at any time by contacting privacy@youngjains.org.uk or clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the relevant communication.
Sharing your information
The personal information we collect about you will mainly be used by the Executive Committee, staff and volunteers at Young Jains so that they can provide you with the services we offer.
We will never sell or share your personal information with organisations so that they can contact you for any marketing activities. Nor do we sell any information about your web browsing activity.
Young Jains may however share your information (postal address only) with a distribution company we work with to deliver our services (namely posting printed copies of the magazine if you are a member and any Young Jains marketing material that we send with it in the post). The distribution company deletes the data immediately after the purpose has been fulfilled and never uses it for any other purposes.
We may also share your information with event ticketing platforms we use. This is limited information such as using part of your name and part of your postcode to create a discount code which you can enter to obtain a discounted rate for ticketed events.
Legal disclosure
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law (for example, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice or in response to a valid request from a competent authority); or, in order to enforce our conditions of sale and other agreements.
Keeping your information safe
We take looking after your information very seriously. We’ve implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information we have under our control, both on and off-line, from improper access, use, alteration, destruction and loss.
Unfortunately the transmission of information using the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information sent to us this way, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site.
Our websites may contain links to other sites. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. Please be aware that advertisers or Web sites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not cover the information practices of those websites or advertisers.
How long we hold your information for
We only keep it as long as is reasonable and necessary for the relevant activity, which may be to fulfil statutory obligations (for example, the collection of Gift Aid).
Your rights
You have various rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you – these are set out in more detail below.  If you wish to exercise any of these rights or make a complaint, you can do so by contacting us at Data Protection, Young Jains, 1 Colonial Way, P.O. Box 233, North Watford, Herts, WD24 4EW or by email at privacy@youngjains.org.uk.  You can also make a complaint to to the data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office, https://ico.org.uk/
Access to your personal information: You have the right to request access to a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, along with information on what personal information we use, why we use it, who we share it with, how long we keep it for and whether it has been used for any automated decision making. You can make a request for access free of charge.  Please make all requests for access in writing, and provide us with evidence of your identity.
Right to object: You can object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  Please contact us as noted above, providing details of your objection.
Consent: If you have given us your consent to use personal information (for example, for marketing), you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Rectification: You can ask us to change or complete any inaccurate or incomplete personal information held about you.
Erasure: You can ask us to delete your personal information where it is no longer necessary for us to use it, you have withdrawn consent, or where we have no lawful basis for keeping it.
Portability: You can ask us to provide you or a third party with some of the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, electronic form, so it can be easily transferred.
Restriction: You can ask us to restrict the personal information we use about you where you have asked for it to be erased or where you have objected to our use of it.
No automated-decision making:  Automated decision-making takes place when an electronic system uses personal information to make a decision without human intervention.  You have the right not to be subject to automated decisions that will create legal effects or have a similar significant impact on you, unless you have given us your consent, it is necessary for a contract between you and us or is otherwise permitted by law.  You also have certain rights to challenge decisions made about you. We do not currently carry out any automated decision-making.
Please note, some of these rights only apply in certain circumstances and we may not be able to fulfil every request.
Cookies
‘Cookie’ is a name for a small file, usually of letters and numbers, which is downloaded onto your device, like your computer, mobile phone or tablet when you visit a website.
They let websites recognise your device, so that the sites can work more effectively, and also gather information about how you use the site. A cookie, by itself, can’t be used to identify you.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you come to our website and also allows us to improve the user experience.
The cookies we use
We use the categorisation set out by the International Chamber of Commerce in their UK Cookie Guide.
We may use three of the four categories of cookies:
Performance cookies collect anonymous information about how you use our site, like which pages are visited most.
Functionality cookies collect anonymous information that remember choices you make to improve your experience, like your text size or location. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
Targeting or advertising cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. As such if you visit the Young Jains website you may then be more likely to see adverts about Young Jain’s work on other websites as your browsing suggests that this is an area of interest.
No cookies, please
You can opt out of all our cookies (except the strictly necessary ones). Find out how to control and delete cookies in your browser.
But, if you choose to refuse all cookies, our website may not function for you as we would like it to..
If you have any questions about how we use cookies, please contact us.
To find out more about this policy and how we look after your personal information, contact us at privacy@youngjains.org.uk.
Committee 2016 – 2017
SCVP / YJ Forest Walks 2018
Comments are closed.
Upcoming events:
no event
Young Jains UK
Charity Registration No. 1005856
1 Colonial Way, P.O. Box 233, North Watford, Herts, WD24 4EW
Powered by Nirvana &
WordPress.