https://yourvirtualupline.com/terms/
Press enter to begin your search
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By accessing, downloading, installing, or using any or all Your Virtual Upline LLC material or platforms, whether or not you become a registered user, you agree to be bound by these terms.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these Terms at any time.
SERVICE
Parties agree that the service provided is in the nature of education.  Bob Heilig's Legacy Leadership Academy and Your Virtual Upline courses are a part of a membership Site as online training, courses, resources and other content relating to planning, creating, marketing and growing a network marketing business.  The scope of services provided by Your Virtual Upline LLC, according to this Agreement are limited to those listed on the bobheilig.com, courses.bobheilig.com, yourvirtualupline.com and legacyleadershipacademy.com websites.
USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE
To access or use the Site, you must be 18 years of age or older and have the requisite power and authority to enter into these Terms and Conditions. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using the site. Information provided on the site and in the service related to membership sites and other information are subject to change. Your Virtual Upline LLC makes no representation or warranty that the information provided, regardless of its source (the “Content”), is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free and disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy, error, or incompleteness within the content.
ACCOUNT CREATION
In order to use the Site, you will be required to provide information about yourself including your name, email address, username and password, and other personal information. You agree that any registration information you give to Your Virtual Upline LLC will always be accurate, correct, and up to date. You must not impersonate someone else or provide account information or an email address other than your own. Your account must not be used for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the membership site and service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction.
LAWFUL PURPOSES
You may use the site and the content for lawful purposes only. You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the site. You agree to use the site and to purchase services or products through the site for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You shall not post or transmit through the site any material which violates or infringes the rights of others, or which is threatening, abusive, defamatory, libellous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, or otherwise objectionable, contains injurious formulas, recipes, or instructions, which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
REFUSAL OF SERVICE
The services are offered subject to our acceptance of your order or requests. We reserve the right to refuse service to any order, person or entity, without the obligation to assign reason for doing so. No order is deemed accepted by us until payment has been processed. We may at any time change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the site or service, subject to us fulfilling our previous responsibilities to you based on acceptance of your payment.
ORDER CONFIRMATION
We will email you to confirm the placement of your order and with details concerning product delivery. In the event that there is an error in this email confirmation, it is your responsibility to inform us as soon as possible.
DURATION OF AGREEMENT
Once confirmed, we will provide you access to the purchased service. You agree and understand that access to the service may at times be influenced and affected by third parties that we use to provide the service (web hosting, membership site plugins, etc.). You agree and understand that no breach of contract action may be initiated against Your Virtual Upline LLC when there are reasonable delays in the access of the service.
Your Virtual Upline LLC reserves the right to terminate the service, and or access to certain features of the service, with or without prior notice to you. We will make reasonable efforts to provide notice but is not required to do so under the terms of this agreement.
EARNINGS AND INCOME DISCLAIMER
Your Virtual Upline LLC cannot and does not make any guarantees about your ability to get results or earn any money with our ideas, information, tools, or strategies. What we can guarantee is your satisfaction with our training. Please see refund policies on each of our product families below.  If you are not happy for any reason with the quality of our training, please contact customer service at support@yourvirtualupline.com. You should know that all products and services by our company are for educational and informational purposes only. Nothing on this page, any of our websites, or any of our content or curriculum is a promise or guarantee of results or future earnings, and we do not offer any legal, medical, tax or other professional advice. Any financial numbers referenced here, or on any of our sites, are illustrative of concepts only and should not be considered average earnings, exact earnings, or promises for actual or future performance. Use caution and always consult your accountant, lawyer or professional advisor before acting on this or any information related to a lifestyle change or your business or finances. You alone are responsible and accountable for your decisions, actions and results in life, and by your registration here you agree not to attempt to hold us liable for your decisions, actions or results, at any time, under any circumstances.
These policies and procedures apply to all products sold on this site or any other site owned by Your Virtual Upline LLC that includes a link to this page.
Cancelation & Refund Policies
Lifetime Purchase Cancelations and Refunds
We offer a 30-day cancelation and refund window on all purchases of lifetime products. To request a cancelation and refund of your purchase please email us at support@bobheilig.com.
Membership Cancelations and Refunds
You may cancel your recurring membership at any time by logging into your membership library at courses.bobheilig.com/library then visiting your account settings and credit card information.
If you need help with the cancelation process please email support at support@bobheilig.com and we will provide you with the steps you must take to cancel.
Once you are emailed cancelation instructions by our support team it is your responsibility to follow those steps within the time you chose, to cancel your membership. Failure to do so will result in your recurring monthly or annual charge succeeding until cancelation. Any recurring charges made after cancelation instructions are received by a member via email will not be refunded.
As a condition of participating in the Program, you agree to take responsibility for the status of your membership. When you sign up as a Your Virtual Upline member you agree to the recurring charges and will not be granted a refund or refunds outside of our grace period (explained below). Lack of use of the product and/or lack of understanding of membership payments required to participate does not qualify you for refunds outside of our policy windows.
Upon cancelation you will be removed from the member Facebook group and will have access to the membership material for the remainder of your paid time with us via your library at courses.bobheilig.com/library
Once your paid time is up you will lose access to all course material.
Legacy Leadership Academy Refunds
We allow a generous 7-day grace period after each monthly charge for members to request a refund for the given month and cancelation. No refunds are given after the 7-day grace period.
For annual memberships we allow a 30-day grace period following each yearly charge. No refunds are given after the 30-day grace period for annual memberships.
If you receive a refund for any purchase, the refund shall immediately terminate any and all licenses granted you to use the material provided to you.
Next Level Leadership
We allow a generous 7-day grace period after each monthly charge for members to request a refund for the given month and cancelation. No refunds are given after the 7-day grace period.
Payments
When you sign up for a Your Virtual Upline membership, you hereby authorize the company to charge your credit card, debit card or PayPal automatically according to the terms offered.
If your payment method is declined for payment of your monthly or yearly membership fee, you must provide a new payment method or your program access will be revoked.
Member Responsibility
You shall not share any program information outside of the program. The content of the program contains the company’s proprietary methods, processes, templates, forms, and other information. As a member you agree not to share the information provided to you in the program with anyone.
Member Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your access to the Program and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, if you become disruptive to the company or other program participant, if you fail to follow our program guidelines or for any other reason we see fit. You are not be entitled to a refund of any portion of the fees and shall not be excused from any remaining payments under a payment plan in the event of a termination of your membership.
Excessive Returns
Excessive returns will not be accepted. Refunds will not be given to any one customer for one specific product more than once. There is an unlimited amount of orders that a customer can place for one specific product, but the money back guarantee is void after a customer has used it for one specific product more than once.
SOCIAL MEDIA GROUPS AND COMMUNITIES
As a feature of the Service, Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy may provide access to a community or social media platforms in conjunction with the Service. Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy is not required to provide a community platform, and has complete discretion with regards to the platform, and the nature of the interaction, dependent on the Service.
You agree that your use of these community and social media platforms is a privilege and Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy may limit or deny access to these platforms for misconduct that includes but is not limited to being inappropriate, rude, violent, or threatening. Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy will make reasonable efforts to provide notice to you with regards to inappropriate or unapproved content that you have placed within the voluntarily provided community and social media platform. Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy is not required to provide notice, and reserves all rights to take immediate and appropriate action to protect the Legacy Leadership Academy brand and image integrity.
We want people to feel safe when using our groups and forums. For that reason, we’ve developed a set of community guidelines, outlined below. These policies will help you understand what type of sharing is allowed in our private groups and communities, and what type of content may be reported to us and removed. Because of the diversity of our global community, please keep in mind that something that may be disagreeable or disturbing to you may not violate our community guidelines.
Community Group Policies are as follows:
Network Marketers of all levels are welcome here.
We have members of all skill and experience levels, from college students to entrepreneurs to multi-million dollar enterprises.
Keep it respectful.
Comments that are inappropriately negative, rude, or attacking will be deleted, removed, or we will ask you to revise your thoughts. Everyone is here to learn and grow, so anything violating that will be removed.
No pitching of business opportunities or training opportunities to the group.
Information created by Bob Heilig for the purpose of this group is not to be shared, recorded, or reposted publicly or privately without the permission of Bob Heilig.
We have a strict ‘no shopping for customers’ policy in our groups. This includes pointing people to blog posts with your offers/affiliate offers and publicly asking members to join your own Facebook groups or communities. Be cautious of unsolicited private messages to group members. If we get multiple complaints that you or someone else is using private messages to make unsolicited pitches to members, you may be asked to leave.
You should view the group as your peers, NOT your leads.
No gated content is allowed, i.e. anything that requires a user to provide a name and/or email address to access content.
Content posted in the groups cannot be used to harvest leads in any way. If you need a feedback or a review, post the direct PDF, document, or screenshot. Don’t require people to opt-in to view.
Respect confidentiality.
Content gathered in our online community groups cannot be collected, repackaged, and/or shared outside the group. Every member of our community has a right to privacy and the right to feel safe that their questions, answers, and experiences remain privy to group members only.
We reserve the right to remove posts based on off-topic content or offensive content.
The Legacy Leadership Academy Facebook community adheres to the Legacy Leadership Philosophy.  Posts and comments can include personal details (struggles, goals, fears, wins, etc.) or generalized company information. Posts should not mention your company name, subject or detailed information about your business. Please keep in mind that we are trying to shift a community mindset to connect with people on a deeper level than business, and that this will help to shape the community as a whole.
Negative posts or issues may be re-directed to support without being posted in order to maintain a productive environment within the community.
Access to this group does not mean that Your Virtual Upline LLC endorses any company’s or individual’s products or services.
Report posts that are breaking group policies to our Director of Member Experience, Kelly McCormick, at ‘kelly@bobheilig.com’.
Due to the large amount of people in our groups and communities, it’s sometimes difficult for us to catch everything. If you see a post that is questionable, please report it, tag our Director of Member Experience in the comments, or reach out to our Director of Member Experience, Kelly McCormick’ directly via private message so our team can review them.
We have a very strict, no-tolerance policy for very egregious behaviors such as foul language, disrespect, etc.  You will be warned once.  After the second offense, you will be permanently removed from the community.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS TO YOUR MATERIALS
We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you supply to Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy.  You retain copyright and any other rights you may rightfully hold in any content that you submit through the Site or Service. Content you submit to Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy and it’s community platforms remains yours to the extent that you have any legal claims therein. You agree to hold Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, and expenses arising out of any potential or actual copyright or trademark misappropriation or infringement claimed against you. By posting material on the Site and community platforms, you grant us a worldwide, nonexclusive, irrevocable license to use the material for promotional, business development, and marketing purposes.
You consent to recordings being made of calls or webinars provided as part of the Service. You consent to your name, words, voice, and likeness being used by Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy for promotional, business development, and marketing purposes, without compensation to you.  We will make reasonable effort to secure your written permission before using and distributing recordings, print materials, audio, or visual representations that refer to you.
OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site and Service contain intellectual property owned by Your Virtual Upline LLC, including trademarks, copyrights, proprietary information, and other intellectual property. Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy’s copyrighted and original materials are provided to you as part of the Service for your individual use only and a single-user license. All intellectual property, including Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy’s copyrighted materials shall remain the sole property of the Your Virtual Upline LLC. No license to sell or distribute our materials is granted or implied.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, distribute, display, reproduce or perform, or in any way exploit in any format whatsoever any of the Site or Service Content or intellectual property, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent. This includes but is not limited to sharing material with others, posting excerpts of material on any social media, blogging about the material, or in any other way that would reasonably appear to share the Site or Service’s information with a non-member. We reserve the right to immediately remove you from the Service, without refund, if you are caught violating this intellectual property policy.
CHANGED TERMS
We may at any time amend these Terms and Conditions. Such amendments are effective immediately upon notice to you by us posting the new Terms and Conditions on this Site. Any use of the Site or Service by you after being notified means you accept these amendments. We reserve the right to update any portion of our Site and Service, including these Terms and Conditions, at any time. We will post the most recent versions to the Site and list the effective dates on the pages of our Terms and Conditions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICE. ADDITIONALLY, Your Virtual Upline LLC IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH (I) ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, DENIAL OF SERVICE, ATTACK, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE; (II) LOSS OF REVENUE, ANTICIPATED PROFITS, BUSINESS, SAVINGS, GOODWILL OR DATA; AND (III) THIRD PARTY THEFT OF, DESTRUCTION OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION OR PROPERTY, REGARDLESS OF OUR NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FAILURE OF AN ESSENTIAL PURPOSE AND WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LEGAL LIABILITY. THE FOREGOING APPLIES EVEN IF WE Your Virtual Upline LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN THE DAMAGES. IN THOSE STATES THAT DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR THE DAMAGES, OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST POSSIBLE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL Your Virtual Upline LLC’S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SERVICE YOU HAVE PURCHASED FROM Your Virtual Upline LLC, AND IF NO PURCHASE HAS BEEN MADE BY YOU BOB HEILIG’S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED $100.
THIRD PARTY RESOURCES
The Site and the Service may contain links to third party websites and resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the availability, accuracy, content, or policies of third party websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by or affiliation with Bob Heilig’s Legacy Leadership Academy. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, settlements, liabilities, costs, charges, assessments, and expenses, as well as third party claims and causes of action, including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, arising out of any breach by you of any of these Terms and Conditions, or any use by you of the Site or Service. You shall provide us with such assistance, without charge, as we may request in connection with any such defence, including, without limitation, providing us with such information, documents, records, and reasonable access to you, as we deem necessary. You shall not settle any third party claim or waive any defence without our prior written consent.
EFFECT OF HEADINGS
The subject headings of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT; WAIVER
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Your Virtual Upline LLC pertaining to the Site and Service and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, and understandings between us. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement by Your Virtual Upline LLC shall be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by Your Virtual Upline LLC.
NOTICES
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and properly addressed as follows:
Your Virtual Upline LLC
950 South Tamiami Trail #208
Sarasota, FL 34236
RECOVERY OF LITIGATION EXPENSES
If any legal action or any arbitration or other proceeding is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement, or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees and other costs incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which it or they may be entitled.
SEVERABILITY
If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Agreement is held by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated.
BRANDING
Bob Heilig, the Your Virtual Upline LLC logo, the Legacy Leadership Academy logo, and all other Your Virtual Upline LLC trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with Your Virtual Upline LLC are trademarks or registered trademarks of Your Virtual Upline LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with Your Virtual Upline LLC may be the trademarks of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks and any use of such trademarks.
Copyright © 2020 –  Your Virtual Upline LLC
All Rights Reserved
Design by GIF Design Studios
DiscoverHome
About
Your Virtual Upline
Podcasts
Blog
Contact
Recent Posts
Love, Serve, Grow
The #1 Thing Holding You Back in Your Network Marketing Business
The Biggest Lie We’re Told as Network Marketing Leaders
How Vulnerable Should You be with Your Team?
Contacts support@yourvirtualupline.com
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Podcasts
Blog
Contact
Work With Me
x
Sign up for my free ‘Overcoming Fear’ masterclass training and weekly videos.
It’s completely free!
Sign up for my free “Overcoming Fear” Masterclass Training!
Name
Email Address
Website
Your Virtual Upline
*Yes! I want to receive training and support to develop my leadership ability and grow my business!