http://zanshin.net/policies/
Zanshin.net
The personal site of Mark H. Nichols.
About
Archive
Colophon
My Other Sites
Geek
Books
Health
Music
Policies
Welcome to my web site. If you continue to browse and use this web site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with the privacy policy govern Zanshin.net’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “Zanshin” or “Zanshin.net” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Disclosure
Zanshin.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associate Program, an affiliate advertising
program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to
Amazon.com.
If you purchase something from my affiliate links, I will get a small commission with no extra cost
to you. Thank you for supporting my site.
##Terms of Use
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither Zanshin nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Privacy Policy
Zanshin.net will:
never sell your personal information, or use it for any purpose other than logging in/out, demographics for our own knowledge, and any voluntary features of the site.
use cookies with minimal information in them. See below for details.
use Google Analytics, which is covered by Google’s Privacy Policy.
use Shawn Inman’s Mint, which is covered by this privacy policy.
collect your name and email address, and optionally your website, when comments are posted. Your name, and site, will be publicly displayed. Your email will never be displayed or shared.
Without further ado, the details:
Zanshin.net only collects your name, email address, and (optionally) website address when you post a comment. The information you provide will be stored in a cookie on your computer, which will not be deleted, unless you do so specifically. At no time will your email address be shared or published. Your name, and website address if provided, will be attached to your comment(s) and displayed with them.
At Zanshin.net, your name and email address are required to submit a comment. This information is stored in a password protected database, and is not used for any purpose at this time. Any link you submit is subject to review and may or may not be included in your comment. Comments are filtered for content and are displayed at the sole discretion of Zanshin.net.
All content is subject to copyright. Original posting content is copyrighted by Mark H. Nichols. Quoted or excerpted material is copyrighted by, and attributed to, the original author(s). Comments are copyrighted by the comment author.