http://aceainc.org/privacy_policy
Alternative Choices in Education Academy, Inc.
Contact Us
About Us
Home
Enrollment
Benefits
FAQ
ACEA's Privacy Policy
Your PrivacyAlternative Choices in Education Academy, Inc. (ACEA) is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our members and visitors to this web site. In particular, we want you to know that ACEA is not in the business of selling or renting individual’s personal data to other companies for marketing purposes. In this privacy policy we will provide detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.Collection and Use of Personal InformationPersonal information means any information which may be used to identify you, such as, your name, phone number, email address or mailing address.In general, you can browse our web site without giving us any personal information. We use industry standard products to analyze traffice to this web site in order to understand our member’s and visitor’s needs and to continually improve our site for them. These analytical tools collect only anonymous, aggregate statistics. For example, we do not tie a specific visit to a specific IP address.If you want to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask you to simply provide you email address. In that case, we use you email address only in connection with providing you the newsletter and for no other purpose.Additional activities on our site require you to be registered – for example, as part of the registration process, we ask you to create an ACEA account where we collect additional personal information. We use that information for several general purposes: to tell you about services if you so request; to fulfill your request; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to verify the accuracy of our records; or to contact you regarding customer satisfaction surveys.Some activities require additional personal information besides your ACEA account. For example, to fulfill your enrollment request, we may require you to enter credit card information and you have the option to specify an alternate mailing address.Disclosure of Personal InformationBy using our web site and providing us with your personal data, you consent to this transfer of your personal data.ACEA may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange or other disposition (whether of assests, stock or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of ACEA and/or its subsidiaries or to (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on ACEA or this web site; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of ACEA and this web site; (3) enforce its agreements with you, or (4) act in urgent circumstances to protect personal safety or the public.Security of Personal InformationWhen you submit any form on aceainc.org, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) helps protect your information as it travels over the Internet by encrypting that information before it is sent to us. We have also implemented industry standard security mechanisms and procedures to protect data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and distruction.Use of CookiesA cookie is a small text file containing information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow use to anaylze our web site traffic and to provide a user-friendly registration and log-in process. A cookie cannot give us access to your computer or to information beyond what you provide to us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; consult your bowser’s manual or online help if you want information on restricting or disabling your browser’s handling of cookies. If you disable cookies, you can still view the publicly available information on our web site, but you will not be able to take advantage of offers or activities requiring an ACEA account, which includes online attendance recording and reporting and accessing member-only support areas. If you are using a shared computer and you have cookies turned on, be sure to log off whenever you finish.Links to Other Web SitesOur web site contains links to information on other web sites. We do not have any control over these other web sites, and therefore we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting those sites. Those sites are not governed by this privacy policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, consult that site’s privacy statement.Accessing Your Personal InformationYou are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your requests to info@aceainc.org. An administrative fee may be payable.Your ConsentBy using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you to us as outlined in this privacy policy. We may change this privacy policy from time to time and without notice. If we change this privacy policy, we will publish those changes on this page.If you have any questions or concerns about out collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please email info@aceainc.org. For more information about this site or your visit please email info@aceainc.org.This document was last updated August 22, 2004.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
©2007 Alternative Choices in Education Academy, Inc. All Rights Reserved.