https://aloha-college.com/en/school-policies/
Search
Parents
Staff
Alumni
Search
Aloha College
Welcome
Why Aloha
Be the best
Not-for-profit Foundation
Aloha Community
Pastoral Care
Academic Excellence
Primary School
Foundation Stage
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
Secondary School
Key Stage 3
Key Stage 4
Key Stage 5
About Us
About Aloha College
Be the best
Mission Statement and Values
Academic Excellence
Profile & History
ISI
School Policies
Not-for-profit Foundation
Management & Staff
Pastoral Care
School Policies
Our School
School Facilities
School Uniform
School Council
Interhouse School
Student Calendar
Meals & Transport
Yearbook
Our Community
Aloha Community
Charity Action
PTA and Christmas Bazaar
Traditions
Aloha News
Enrichment Activities
Activities Programme
Drama and Dance
Music lessons
Aloha College Football Club (ACFC)
Aloha College Basketball Club (ACBC)
School Trips
Art Gallery
Summer School
General Info
Programme
Prices / Bookings
Location & Contact Us
Admissions
Contact Us
Vacancies
School Policies
School Policies for 2019 - 2020
Academic Honesty Policy 2019-20
Admissions Policy 2020-2021
Assessment Policy 2019-20
Behaviour Policy Primary Section 2018-19
Behaviour Policy Secondary Section 2018-19
Child Safeguarding Policy 2019-20
Complaints Policy 2018 – 19
Data Protection Policy 2020-2021
Drugs Policy 2019-20
Language Policy 2019-20
Pupil Attendance Policy 2018-19
SEND Policy  2019-20
Whistleblowing Policy and Procedure
About us
Foundation & Board of Trustees
Management & Staff
Caring Environment
School Policies
LEGAL CLAUSE FOR FORM REQUESTING APPLICATION INFORMATION
In accordance with General Data Protection Regulations, we inform you that the personal data you provide will be processed by ALOHA COLLEGE, registered at : El Ángel, Nueva Andalucía, 29660, Marbella (Málaga). CIF: G92430040. Tf. (+34) 952 814 133. Email: dataprotection@aloha-college.com. You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to the address indicated.
The purpose of processing the data requested in this form is to carry out the application procedure. The legal basis for processing of your data is your consent. The data marked with an asterisk * must be supplied in order to process your application.
The processor uses applications from Google Inc. and ManageBac LLC (“OpenApply”) as part of the school’s management system, therefore personal data may be stored on the servers of those companies under the Privacy Shield.
The data collected will not be relayed to third parties and will be kept as long as necessary to process your application and during the periods of limitation of liability.
You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, elimination, limits to processing, opposition and portability of your data, and your right not to be subject to decisions based only on the automated treatment of your data, by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address indicated above or by sending a letter to the address above.
In the event that you consider that there has been a breach of your right to data protection, you may file a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency (www.agpd.es)
Go to our online inquiry form
×
LEYENDA LEGAL PARA SOLICITUD DE ADMISIÓN
De acuerdo con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos, le informamos de que los datos personales que nos facilite serán tratados por FUNDACIÓN ALOHA COLLEGE, Responsable del Tratamiento con domicilio en : Urb. El Ángel, Nueva Andalucía, 29660, Marbella (Málaga). CIF: G92430040. Tf. (+34) 952 814 133. Email: dataprotection@aloha-college.com. Puede contactar con nuestra Delegada de Protección de Datos enviando un email a la dirección indicada.
La finalidad del tratamiento de los datos solicitados en este formulario es gestionar su solicitud de plaza. La base legal para el tratamiento de sus datos es su consentimiento. Los datos marcados con asterisco (*) son obligatorios para poder atender su solicitud.
El Responsable utiliza aplicaciones de Google Inc. y de ManageBac LLC (“OpenApply”) como parte de los sistemas de gestión del centro, por lo que los datos personales podrán alojarse en los servidores de dichas empresas al amparo del Escudo de Privacidad.
Los datos recabados no se cederán a terceros y serán conservados el tiempo necesario para atender su solicitud y durante el plazo de prescripción de responsabilidades legales.
Podrá ejercer los derechos de acceso, rectificación, supresión, limitación, oposición y portabilidad de sus datos, así como a no ser objeto de decisiones basadas únicamente en el tratamiento automatizado de sus datos, cuando procedan enviando un e-mail a la dirección de correo electrónico antes indicada o mediante carta dirigida a la dirección también expuesta anteriormente.
En caso de que considere que existe alguna vulneración de su derecho a la protección de datos por mi parte, puede presentar una reclamación ante la Agencia Española de Protección de Datos (www.agpd.es).
Aceptar y acceder al formulario
×
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. These third party cookies are not needed for navigation.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by Aloha College  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
Cookies on this website are used to personalize content and advertisements, provide social media features, and analyze traffic. These third party cookies are not needed for navigation.
Cookie information is stored in your browser and perform functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes