https://alumni.cornell.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
close
Alumni life
Come back
Connect
Volunteer
Learn and travel
Events
News
Giving to Cornell
Privacy policy
Information Collection by AAD
If you choose to make a gift, you will be required to provide certain information that Cornell Alumni Affairs and Development (AAD) will need to credit your gift. AAD does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. AAD will share your gift information within the alumni affairs departments of the colleges, units, professional schools and the central office in order to manage gift receipting and other AAD operations. AAD may release account information when it is believed, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of the Cornell University, our users, or others.
Changes to this Policy
AAD reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy without advance notice. In the event of a change in policy, AAD will post the modified policy on this page, and will note the date of modification.
Terms & Conditions
Cornell University encourages users to interact with the university and one another freely, but is not responsible for comments or posts made by visitors to the Cornell related websites or social media. Comments posted by visitors in no way reflect the views or policies of the university.
We ask that users making comments on our pages be respectful of fellow visitors and maintain civil and rational discussions. In addition, Cornell University reserves the right, but assumes no obligation, to remove any inappropriate comments. We also do not permit messages selling products or promoting commercial, political or other ventures.
Make the world brighter this season.
Students need your support before 2020 ends! Small gifts add up fast and could make a big difference for a low-income student trying to stay enrolled, or students trying to have the best possible Cornell experience during a difficult year. Make the world brighter by making an annual fund gift today.
MAKE YOUR GIFT
Stay in touch with the Cornell community
What we can do for you
We’re here to help you stay connected to Cornell: update your contact information, request transcripts, get email forwarding, get your NetID, and pay class dues.
See all services
Ways to connect
Clubs
Classes
Network
Cornell near you
Alumni directory
Division of Alumni Affairs and Development
130 E. Seneca Street, Suite 400
Ithaca, NY 14850
Give Online Now
Contact us
Privacy policy
Report an issue
Accessibility
© Cornell University, 2017–2020