https://alumni.umich.edu/login-help/
Login HelpThe Alumni Association login utilizes the University of Michigan Weblogin page. Have questions or need assistance with logging in, your uniqname, or your password? Please contact U-M Information and Technology Services (ITS) via one of the following methods:Chat (see hours of operation)Call 734.764.4357 (see hours of operation)Email 4HELP@umich.eduLooking for information on a specific login-related question? See below for details.Uniqname/Logging In1. I don’t have a uniqname. How do I create one?If you are a graduate of any U-M campus and don’t currently have a uniqname, you can create one online. You will be asked to verify your first and last name, date of birth, year of first U-M degree, and one of the following: Alumni ID (10-digit number found on mailing label), UMID (found on your U-M ID card), or the last four digits of your Social Security Number. After verifying your identity, you will be able to choose a uniqname and set your password.To complete the process of enabling your profile on the Alumni Association website, please contact us at alumni@umich.edu or 800.847.4764 and tell us your uniqname. (Hours of operation: Monday–Friday, 9 a.m.–5 p.m. ET)See the ITS Computing Accounts for Alumni page for more information.2. I already have a uniqname. Can I change it?Uniqname changes are only allowed in specific circumstances and must be manually processed by ITS.See the ITS Changing Your Uniqname page for more information.3. I’m not an alum and want to create an account. Can I get a uniqname?Uniqnames are available only to U-M students, faculty, staff, and alumni. However, U-M guests can request a Friend account to log in to the U-M computing environment. Use of a Friend account for specific U-M services, including the Alumni Association, requires additional authorization. To request a Friend account and use it on the Alumni Association website, please follow these steps:1. Request a Friend account through ITS2. Upon receiving an email to the address entered in Step 1, follow the instructions on creating your Friend account3. After creating your Friend account, contact the Alumni Association at alumni@umich.edu or 800.847.4764 and provide us with your Friend account email so we can enable your access on the Alumni Association website. (Hours of operation: Monday–Friday, 9 a.m.–5 p.m. ET)See the ITS Friend Accounts page for more information.4. Do I have to use a U-M account to log in?It is possible to log in to the Alumni Association’s website using a Social Login — that is, an already existing login from your LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google, Microsoft, or Yahoo account. You will be prompted to log in through the specific website you select using your existing account information for that website. Information from that account will then be used to verify your identity and provide access.See the ITS Social Login at U-M page for more information.Forgot/Resetting Password5. I forgot my password. How do I reset it?If you don’t have access to your account, you’ll need to go to UMICH Account Management and enter your uniqname as well as your date of birth or UMID to verify your identity. You will then need to choose if you want your account recovery code to be sent via text message or email to the account recovery information on file. Enter the recovery code to go to the Change Password page. Note: Your new password can’t match your old password.See the ITS Resetting a Forgotten UMICH Password page for more information.6. What if I don’t have any account recovery information on file?To change your password without account recovery information, you must call the ITS Service Center at 734.764.4357 (see hours of operation). Password changes must be done over the phone to verify your identity.See the ITS Resetting a Forgotten UMICH Password page for more information.7. I already know my password but want to change it. How do I reset it?If you have a uniqname, visit UMICH Account Management to change your password. There, you can also manage your account recovery information and two-factor authentication settings.If you have a Friend account, you can request a password reset. You will then be emailed a link to reset your password.See the ITS Choosing and Changing a UMICH Password page for more information.General Questions8. How do I update my account recovery information or two-factor authentication settings?Go to UMICH Account Management and log in to update your account recovery information and two-factor authentication settings.See the ITS Account Recovery Information and Two-Factor Authentication (DUO) pages for more information.9. I need to change my contact info, payment method, or something else. How do I update this information?Contact information, including your email, phone number, and address, can be updated by logging in to your Alumni Association profile. You can also manage your payment methods there.To update your name or degree information, please visit Leaders and Best, the website of the University of Michigan Office of Development, to update your official Alumni Record.10. I have a question about something else. Who should I contact?Please contact ITS via one of the methods listed above for help with logging in, your uniqname, or your password. For general assistance or questions about something else, visit our Contact Us page to see how you can get in touch with the Alumni Association.
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By using this site, you accept our use of cookies.
I Understand