https://alumni.dartmouth.edu/advancement-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
View sitemap
You are hereHome
Dartmouth College Advancement Division Privacy Statement
Introduction
Dartmouth College, including the Advancement Division (referred to in this Privacy Statement as “Dartmouth Advancement” or “we”) is committed to supporting the privacy of Dartmouth students, alumni, and other Dartmouth community members and supporters.  This Privacy Statement explains how we handle and use the personal data we collect about our alumni and our past, present and future supporters.
What personal data we collect
While specific information may vary for particular individuals, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, including:
Basic biographic/contact information – names, home and business addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and social media contact information
Demographic information –  including gender, birth and death dates, photograph, language, citizenship and ethnicity (if provided)
Student “directory information” obtained from Dartmouth records – degrees, majors, affiliations and clubs, awards, activities, and sports participation
Employment information – company names, job titles, and industry information
Family and network information – spouse/partner's name, children's names and birth dates, and other familial and non-familial relationships
Information on participation in Dartmouth or other activities – event attendance, volunteer interests, organization affiliations, committee participation, awards and honors
Information about donors and prospective donors – giving information regarding any donation which is made, including wealth assessment information and indicators of your interest in giving
Analytical information – aggregated information related to web visitor activity and email marketing actions
How we collect personal data about you
We collect information about you from a variety of sources.  A significant portion of the information we maintain is that which you have provided to us, either by updating your online profile (e.g., through the Dartmouth Alumni Directory), registering for an event, communicating with us, or making a donation.  For applicants, current students and alumni, certain of your personal data is transferred to the Advancement Division database from other Dartmouth data systems.
We may also augment the information we collect about you from targeted internet searches and may use third party sources, including but not limited to Nozasearch, Relationship Science, Zip Code Download, HEP Data, Accudata (Alumni Finder), Puritan Capital (Major Mail), Sprout Social, Social Toaster, and social media sites (such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn).
How we use your personal data
We use your personal data in support of the College and its mission, as well as to enable us to provide certain services to our alumni and other supporters.
Specifically, we may use your personal data to:
Keep you updated with information about Dartmouth and alumni activities
Conduct surveys, including alumni satisfaction, donation preferences and interests
Provide alumni services and benefits, such as access to Dartmouth alumni email forwarding and the Dartmouth Alumni Magazine
Provide access to an online account for enabling online giving, event registration and more
Fundraise for particular Dartmouth concerns, initiatives or programs
Send you information about volunteer activities and invite you to Dartmouth-associated events in your area
Conduct philanthropic preference research in order to understand alumni and supporters, to inform our fundraising strategy and target our communications.
Perform administrative tasks and for internal record keeping purposes.
Create and analyze aggregated information about our students, alumni, donors and other supporters for statistical research purposes in support of our educational mission.
Issue tax receipts
Create online donor listings (including the online “honor roll”)
We may contact you by telephone, email, postal mail, or social media. If you have concerns about any of these purposes, or how we communicate with you, please contact the Alumni Records Office at alumni.records@dartmouth.edu.  Alumni may also make changes to their communication preferences online through accessing their online profile (e.g., the Dartmouth Alumni Directory), or contacting the Alumni Records Office at alumni.records@dartmouth.edu.  In addition, in each email message we send, we will provide you with the ability to unsubscribe, or otherwise opt-out, of these communications. We will always respect a request by you to stop processing your personal information (subject to our legal obligations or other requirements).
When we share your personal data
To perform the functions listed above, it may be necessary to share your personal data with volunteers, students, faculty members and staff who have a need to know.  All individuals performing functions for us are informed regarding appropriate handling of your personal data.  Likewise, we may share your personal data with third parties affiliated with Dartmouth, such as classes, clubs and affinity groups. We may also share your personal data with third parties performing services under contract with us, including but not limited to EverTrue, iModules, Aureon, Full City, Baloonr, and Ellucian.
How your information is stored and secured
Dartmouth uses an array of administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data, including role-based access requirements and other safeguards. Please see the Dartmouth Information Security Policy for additional information.
How long we keep your personal data
We consider our relationship with alumni, donors and other stakeholders to be life-long. This means that we will maintain a record for you until such time as you tell us that you no longer wish us to keep in touch.
Information for Data Subjects Located in the European Union (EU)/European Economic Area (EEA)
Dartmouth College will serve as the “controller” of personal data processed for the purposes of Dartmouth Advancement under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (known as the “GDPR”). For data subjects located in the EU/EEA, the GDPR may afford you rights in certain circumstances, including the right to be informed of how your personal data is used, the right of access to your personal data, the right to rectify or have your personal data erased where appropriate, the right to object to or restrict the processing of your personal data, and the right to object to communications, direct marketing, or profiling.  Articles 12 through 23 of the GDPR provide further information about your rights as a data subject, to the extent applicable.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your national or regional data protection authority.  If you are interested in exercising these rights, we request an opportunity to discuss with you any concerns you may have about the processing of your personal data. To protect the personal data we hold, we may also request further information to verify your identity when exercising these rights.  Upon a request to erase your information, we will maintain a core set of personal data to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, as well as any information necessary for Dartmouth College archival purposes.  We may also need to retain some financial information for legal purposes, including US IRS compliance.  In the event of an actual or threatened legal claim, we may retain your information for purposes of establishing, defending against or exercising our rights with respect to such claim.
Dartmouth Advancement will process personal data in the pursuit of the various legitimate interests set out above in this Privacy Statement and will rely on these legitimate interests as the legal basis for processing where these interests are not overridden by the interests and rights or freedoms of the data subjects concerned. This may not be the only lawful basis on which Dartmouth Advancement may process personal data; as such, Dartmouth Advancement may sometimes process data on an alternative legal basis, such as where a data subject has given us consent to do so or where such processing is necessary to perform a contract between Dartmouth and a data subject.
By providing information to Dartmouth, including without limitation to a volunteer or employee representative of Dartmouth Advancement or through a third-party service provider, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the EU/EEA to the United States.  You understand that the current laws and regulations of the United States may not provide the same level of protection as the data and privacy laws and regulations of the EU/EEA.
For questions related to Dartmouth’s GDPR compliance program, please contact GDPR@dartmouth.edu. Additional information about Dartmouth College’s practices regarding personal data processed under the GDPR can be found in the Dartmouth College Website Privacy Policy. For the purposes of GDPR, the contact details of Dartmouth’s representative in the EU are as follows:
Dartmouth College – Rome Center
Piazza della Cancelleria, 85
00186 Roma, RM, Italy
Attn: GDPR
Additional Information
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time.  If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal data, we will make this clear on the applicable Dartmouth website and/or by contacting you directly.
Last updated on May 25, 2018
Dartmouth College News
Work Continues on Green Energy Project
Community Conversations: Preparing for Winter Term
Monica Ndounou on Planting Seeds for Black Theater
Study Links Nursing Home COVID-19, Workers With Multiple Jobs
Undergraduates' Return to Campus Will Be Delayed
View all Dartmouth College News
Dartmouth College
Giving to Dartmouth
Advancement Division
Contact Us
Dartmouth Compliance and ethics hotline
© Copyright 2018 Trustees of Dartmouth College. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy