https://api.getspoonfed.com/1166/university-catering/privacy/?__s=37167679&__k=a07d8ced193b489da3f8d5074b52d5dc
Toggle navigation
Login
Privacy
About us
This website is
operated by the University Centre part of Estate Management, which is a Division
of the University of Cambridge. Our principal place of business is at the University
Centre, Granta Place, Mill Lane, Cambridge CB2 1RU. The University Centre will
use the information we collect from you in accordance with this policy.Our approach
Your privacy is
important to us. We want to make sure that when we collect information from you
we do so in a way that does not infringe your privacy. Our policy explains how
we do this.By registering
on this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your
information under the terms of this policy.Collection of
information
We may collect
names, email and postal addresses, telephone numbers, professions, purchase and
mailing history from you if you complete an online form.Use of
information
Your information
will enable us to provide you with access to our website and to carry out
administration, statistical analysis and market research. If you have requested
any goods or services then we will use your information to supply the goods or
services, to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your order.
Where you have
consented, we may contact you on occasion by post, telephone, fax and email
about offers we think might be of interest to you. If you decide in the future
that do not want to receive such information, please email conferences@admin.cam.ac.uk
All personal
information received by you is subject to processing centrally at the
University Centre. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or
as long as the law requires.Accessing and
updating
You are entitled
to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary
changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do
this, please contact us at conferences@admin.cam.ac.uk  We
are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you
with details of the information we hold about you.Changes to our
privacy policy
Any changes to
our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the site and, where
appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Contact
If you have any
requests in relation to the use we make of your information, please email conferences@admin.cam.ac.uk
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy
Copyright
©
2020
Questions?
(01223) 337796 | Conferences@admin.cam.ac.uk