https://arnoreuser.com/privacy/
Menu
MENUMENUHomeEventsProducts
RepertoriumRIS OSINT Research MachineOSINT ResourcesQuick Reference Sheets
Publications
Your privacy matters!RIS is committed to maintaining client privacy and the use of personal information. Please contact RIS if you have a question regarding the personal information held.
RIS will not disclose personal information to a third party organisation.
RIS at no stage will disclose personal credit card account information that is voluntarily provided during a transaction process.
It is our commitment not to collect personal information from customers visiting our web site unless they have voluntarily submitted their personal information on an RIS contact form.
If you start to complete a contact enquiry form and decide not to finish, partial details are stored from which RIS may use this information to make contact with you, only to discuss your initial enquiry which was started but not finished.
From time to time, RIS may contact you to inform you about a specific training programme that is related to your original enquiry, request or training course.
RIS will not take photographs, videos or any audio recordings of students during a course.
RIS will not use private information collected during a course (questions, remarks, discussions) for RIS marketing purpose without your prior consent.
Clients are not permitted to take any video/photography/audio during the course without prior written consent of RIS and its clients, failure to do so will be considered a direct breach of our terms of business.
Students on open invitation courses will not be issued with name tags by RIS for privacy reasons.
Search for:
Archives
March 2020
FooterWidgetOnePublications
Shop
RIS OSINT Research Machine
Quick Reference Sheets
OSINT Repertorium
OSINT Resources
Footer widget twoOSINT Cyber hygiene
OSINT Explorer
OSINT Pathfinder training programmes
FooterWidgetThreeTerms and Conditions
Privacy
Contact
About us
Copyright
Scroll back to top