https://atriumschool.org/atrium/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Programs
Enrollment
FAQs
Resources
Curriculum
College Prep/Testing
High School Graduation Requirements
Bright Futures Scholarship
Contact
At a Glance Established: 2001
DOE School #: 3426
College Board Code: 100415
Enrollment Programs: 2
Grades: K-12
Privacy
Policy
Protecting your private information
is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://atriumschool.org/
and Atrium School, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes
of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Atrium
School, Inc. include https://atriumschool.org/ and Atrium School. The Atrium
School website is an  information site.
By using the Atrium School website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal
Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, if you use our Contact form, Atrium School may collect personally identifiable information, such as your: First and Last Name and Email Address.
We do not collect any personal
information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us through our Contact
form.
Use of your Personal Information
Atrium School collects and uses your personal information to respond to any
inquiry you submit through our Contact form.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Atrium School does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third
parties.
Atrium School may disclose your personal information, without notice, if
required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Atrium School or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Atrium School; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to
protect the personal safety of users of Atrium School, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically
collected by Atrium School. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of
the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Atrium
School website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable
information.
Children Under Thirteen
Atrium School does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen,
you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Changes to this Statement
Atrium School reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to
time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal
information by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any
privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or
Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute
your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to
abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Atrium School welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Atrium School has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Atrium School at: Info@atriumschool.org, 561-247-5726