http://auc.edu/privacy/
Home
About AUC
Directory
College Bulletin
Home
About AUC
Directory
College Bulletin
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our prospective or regular students. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging into your account and clicking the Personal Info link located on the Welcome bar. The information will be reviewed and accepted by the registrar. Please allow 24hrs to see the new information reflected on your account.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
We do not use cookies at the present time.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, and yourself have access to this information. We protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption (SSL), we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. By using any of Atlantic Union College Information Systems, you are accepting the practices described in the Information Access policy.
Information Access Policy
Individuals may use Atlantic Union College computing facilities and web portal only with the express authority of Atlantic Union College. The Administration at Atlantic Union College authorizes system accounts and the use of lab facilities.
Using an account that belongs to another individual or giving an individual other than the account holder access to any Atlantic Union College Information Systems is strictly prohibited.
Reasonable precautions should be taken to prevent unauthorized access to account password, user identification, or other information that may be used to access Atlantic Union College information systems.
If Account holder is logged in any of Atlantic Union College Information Systems and needs to step away from the computer he/she is using, then he/she must either logout of the system or lock the computer.
Account holder should not used Atlantic Union College Information Systems to view, share, record, copy, transmit, delete, or in any way alter information except when required to fulfill their job responsibilities.
Account holder should not used Atlantic Union College Information Systems to delete, add, or in any way alter information unless he/she has gone thru proper training to do so.
Account holder should not used Atlantic Union College Information Systems to delete, add, or in any way alter his/her own personal information. He/she will transfer the request to another authorized employee, in order to avoid a conflict of interest.
Some Account holders will be given access to the student information systems and/or other administrative systems. The confidentiality of these records is governed by the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (a.k.a. Buckley Amendment, FERPA). All information is confidential, and students have a right to expect that their scholastic records are being properly supervised and maintained. Communication of this information is restricted to other authorized parties in accordance with the provisions of FERPA. Requests for disclosure of this information must be approved by the appropriate administrative officer at Atlantic Union College.
Account holder should avoid emailing confidential information. If emailing is necessary the information should be on a separate encrypted file and not part of the body of the email.
Account holder should avoid placing confidential information on portable media. If placing the information on portable media is necessary the media should be encrypted. After use the media should be formatted or permanently destroyed.
Account holder will immediately report any incidents of personal noncompliance or noncompliance of colleagues with the terms of this agreement to an appropriate administrator.
Each user is legally responsible for all activity originating from his or her account.
Equipment Usage
Only IT personnel is authorized to connect, disconnect or move college owned IT equipment. Handling workstations for other than to seat and use the hardware is not allowed. This includes plugging or unplugging the equipment to the college network and/or removing, changing or adding internal or external components.
Installing non-college licensed software is not permitted under any circumstances.
For Issues with IT equipment please contact the IT department at 978-368-2206 or ITS@auc.edu.
Privacy/Information Access Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy and/or information access policy you may contact the Human Resources Office using the information below:
By e-mail:HR@auc.edu
By Phone: 978-368-2202
Note: We reserve the right to make changes to these policies. Any changes to these policies will be posted.
Copyright © 2020 Atlantic Union College. All Rights Reserved.