https://auslchicago.org/privacy-policy/
Search
Careers
Blog
AUSL in the News
Contact
Apply
Search
ABOUT
Mission
Our Team
Our History
Impact Through Innovation
Our Partners
Get Involved
Publications
Progress Reports
CHICAGO TEACHER RESIDENCY
SCHOOLS
Our Schools
Our Framework
Our Results
Join the Team
ADVISORY SERVICES
DONATE
Privacy Policy
Academy for Urban School Leadership (AUSL) is committed to ensuring privacy for our online visitors, newsletter recipients, and applicants. We are continuously evaluating our internal procedures and technology to ensure privacy at all levels in our organization. By submitting registration and application forms online, you give us permission to email you with AUSL information. Your email address will not be used for any purpose other than delivering email updates and you can stop receiving emails from us at any time by contacting us.
AUSL’s website protects against any loss, misuse, and alteration of information. We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with any individual or organization without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Submitted information is only available to AUSL employees managing this information for the purpose of contacting you or processing your application. AUSL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which we link.
Cookies: Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer hard drive when you visit a website. Cookies cannot damage user files nor read information from a user’s hard drive. Client-side cookies are used to verify the login status of registered users of our website. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, you may not be able to log in or access all areas of our site if you do so.
Notification of Changes: Please note that our privacy policy is subject to change. Updates will be posted on this page.