https://avoncroft.org.uk/privacy-policy/
MENU
MENU
Basket: 0 items - £0.00
Tickets
Memberships
Donate
Avoncroft’s Work
The historic building collection
Our gardens & grounds
Avoncroft’s library and archive
New and ongoing projects
Special collections
Avoncroft flour & milling
Trustees and governance
Support Us
Support our work
Memberships
Volunteering
Avoncroft as a venue
Weddings at Avoncroft
Conferences, meetings & corporate events
Photography and filming
The Museum shop
Visit
Museum opening times
Access and parking
Food & drink
School visits
Group visits
Miniature railway
What’s Happening
News
Upcoming events
Workshops & courses
Blacksmithing and the Avoncroft forges
CONTACT US
Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings, Stoke Heath, Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, B60 4JR
Tel: 01527 831363 / 831886
Privacy Policy
Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings is concerned about the protection of the privacy of its website visitors, members and donors. We respect your privacy and your choice not to have your personal information shared with other people. Your use of our website indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Web Site Information
The Museum only collects personal contact information (such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses and phone numbers) when users submit it voluntarily. To make our website more useful to you, our server automatically collects information when you visit our website, such as, but not limited to, your IP address, date and time of your visit, pages viewed and clickstreams. We will not collect or track information that may identify you personally.
Direct marketing
As the Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings website expands, there will be more opportunities to enhance what is provided to you. From time to time the Museum may provide you with details of other Museum services and products which may be of interest to you and offer you the opportunity to receive information about them. Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings will keep a record of information provided by you. Please note that any information you provide to Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings will only be used within the Museum, and will never be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent. The only time Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings may do so is if the Museum is obliged by UK governing law to disclose information to law enforcement agencies as required.
Terms of Use
By using this web site and its content, you agree to be bound by and acknowledge your acceptance of the following Terms of Use and applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this web site you fully acknowledge and accept the following terms and conditions.
Copyright
Images, text, software, documentation, electronic text and image files, audio and video clips and other materials are the property of the Museum and will be protected by copyright laws and other restrictions. Furthermore, copyrights and other proprietary rights in the materials on this site may belong to individuals and entities other than the Museum.
The Museum expressly prohibits the copying of any protected materials on this website, except for the purposes of fair use as defined by copyright law and as described below. This prohibition includes the downloading of website content for commercial use or for use on personal websites.
Fair Use
Fair use of copyrighted material includes the use of protected materials for noncommercial educational purposes, such as teaching, scholarship, research, criticism, commentary and news reporting. Users who wish to download or print text and image files from the Museum’s website for such uses must request the Museum’s express permission by contacting marketing@avoncroft.org.uk. Users must reference the author and source for this material as they would material from any printed work and the reference should include the URL https://www.avoncroft.org.uk. None of the content may be altered or modified.