https://balearesint.net/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Close
About Us
Our Schools
Curriculum
School Life
Admissions
News & Events
Contact
Login
LanguageEnglish
/
español
Parent portal
Parent meetings, clubs & events
Canvas (Virtual Learning Environment)
Privacy Policy
Who does the Privacy Policy apply to?
This Privacy Policy applies to:
Student Applicants, their Parents, current and former students of Baleares International CollegeEmployees of Baleares International College,Job Applicants to school roles,Users of School IT Systems,Visitors to the school site andVisitors to school website(s).What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual and relates to you.
This includes your contact details, next of kin and financial information. We may also hold information such as your religion or ethnic group. CCTV, photos and video recordings of you are also personal information.
How, Why and for What length does Baleares International College Collect and Store Personal Data?
Student Applicants, current and former students their guardians and relations
In order to deliver an education to our students we process personal information about our students, relations and guardians.
Whilst the majority of information we collect is mandatory, some of it is provided or processed on a voluntary basis. In order to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation, we will inform you whether the personal information collection or processing is Opt-in.
We collect personal information through the admissions process and during the contracted time in the school. Personal information is collected using a variety of methods but most commonly using: forms (paper and digital), emails, post, student observations and verbal (face to face, phone or video conference) communication between school staff, our students their guardians and relations.
We primarily use personal information:
to ensure efficient processing of your enquiryto identify our studentsfor billing and financial purposesto support pupil learningto ensure the safety of our studentsto ensure a balanced structure to the schoolto monitor and report on pupil progressto provide appropriate pastoral careto keep our school community up to date on eventsto assess the quality of our servicesto comply with our statutory requirementsSome of the personal information we hold is classified as Sensitive Information. We only process and store this information to ensure the safety of our students/ staff or due to a legislative requirement.
We hold pupil data for 6 years following a student’s last entry.
Employees of Baleares International College
We will collect personal information during final offer and contractual process and during your contractual term as an employee.
We collect and process information to fulfil our contractual employer-employee relationship between yourself and Baleares International College.
We do hold what under GDPR would be classed as sensitive information – this is information on the outcome of safeguarding and criminal record checks that were carried out with your agreement, either during your employment or on joining the Baleares International College. We will also hold information on any health issues you inform us about, to ensure in the case of an emergency while working with us we are able to offer assistance.
We will retain information on your employment for seven years after a persons normal retirement age or completing employment with us to ensure we can answer safeguarding queries from regulatory authorities/future employers.
For Job Applicants
We will collect information when you submit an application to us using email or via any web based application methods and during the interview/ screening process.
We process your information as a result of your interest in the role applied for. This information will be held for six months or longer in the case of compliance with our statutory or legal obligations.
If you have asked to be kept informed about job opportunities then this information will be processed by Mailchimp on behalf of Baleares International College. As our form clearly identifies that your information will be used for sending updates on job opportunities we have available we will keep you on our mailing list. In every mailing we send to you we will ensure there is the option to not receive any further mailings from us.
If we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer. We are required to confirm the identity of our staff, their right to work in Spain and seek assurance as to their trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.
If you are unsuccessful for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool.
For users of our IT Systems
We collect personal information during usage of our IT systems on premises or remotely or if you send us an Email.
We process information on your usage of our IT Services. This information is processed to ensure the security of our systems, for diagnostic and for analytical purposes.
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Visitors to the school site
We collect information on visitors to the school site. We collect CCTV images and information on visitors into the premises. This information is collected to ensure the safety of our premises and our students and staff. We only use CCTV in the public areas of the building. We keep the processing and storage of CCTV information to a minimum.
Baleares International College uses website use information to measure interest in and develop its website. We also use the information to help diagnose problems with its servers. The information we hold is anonymised.
For website visitors
We will likely place a cookie on your local device during the web visit. A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that we use to determine the number of unique Visitors that view our website, whether or not those Visitors are repeat Visitors, and the source of the visits. Cookies cannot be executed as code or used to deliver a virus. Other servers cannot read cookies and personal information cannot be gathered from cookies. Cookies are simply an identifier shared between you and us to allow Baleares International College to improve the information we offer to you through our website. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer, then they can be disabled in your web browser. The option to do so is normally found in your browser's "security settings" section.
Who do we share information with?
You have the right to know who we share your personal information with. We limit the sharing of your information to external parties to a minimum. This said we do share your personal information on the following grounds:
We share your information with other parties who provide services to us.We also provide personal information to other parties who provide services to you.We will also share personal information to external parties in accordance with our statutory responsibilities.A transaction relating to Baleares International College.In anonymised form as part of statistics or other aggregated data shared with third parties.What rights do I have regarding the information Baleares International College holds?
You have the right to correct any incorrect information we hold about you. Let the relevant person know and we will make the change. If you don’t know the person to contact the Data Protection Officer, Victoria Fernandez at the school.
You have the right to request we delete information we hold about you. We attempt to only process information on you to fulfil our contractual and safeguarding responsibilities. This said if you think we are processing information on you that you deem unnecessary we will happily remove it. We cannot delete information if we are handling the information due to our contractual commitments.
You have the right to request the information we hold about you. This right existed before GDPR, but you have enhanced rights and timescales in which we would have to report this information to you. For example, you now have the right to request if we hold data in a structured format for it to be in a portable format (eg. CSV).
You have the right to lodge a complaint. We would hope that we raise the issue initially with your primary school contact. If you feel your request has not been handled according to you rights you can always contact the Local Data Protection agency.
To exercise any of these rights please contact:
Victoria Fernández at: dpo@balearesint.net
Baleares International College, Cala Figuera 3A, Sa Porrassa, Calvia 07181
Changes
Amendments to this Privacy Policy may be made at any time and you should check back frequently for any changes. is Privacy Policy was last updated on 25/05/2018.