https://bapla.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Newsletter Signup
Jobs
Contact Us
Logged in as
| Login
Register
BAPLA is committed to protecting your privacy, and we comply with UK and EU data protection laws when collecting and processing personal information.
In this privacy policy, we have provided detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
WHO WE ARE
This privacy policy applies to websites provided by BAPLA, a company limited by guarantee registered in England number 2876327.
Our registered office address is 52 High Street, Pinner, Middlesex HA5 5PW.
BAPLA is registered with the information commissioner (registration no. Z5424846) as a data controller.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
We collect data from our website primarily so that we can provide you with the most useful and relevant information and services from BAPLA and BAPLA member organisations.
We do this by collecting and analysing both anonymous, or aggregate, data and personal information volunteered by you online.
In some areas of our website, for example forms and emails, we collect personal information such as your name, job title, address, telephone number and email address.
We use this information only for the purpose you have supplied it for.
Where relevant, information is provided to explain why the data is being collected and how it will be used.
In some cases, we may ask you to opt-in to receive future communications including email.
The specific types of personal information we may collect include:
Website registration and membership applications
Website registration information includes but is not limited to: names, job titles, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses and passwords.
You may also choose to provide additional information to us when registering an account on the website.
Membership information includes but is not limited to: names, job titles, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses.
You may also choose to provide additional information to us when completing membership application forms.
Image Requests and Orphan Works Searches
You submit personal information to us when you use our Image Request or Orphan Works service.
This includes but is not limited to: names and email addresses.
You may also choose to provide additional information when completing a form.
Email marketing
You submit personal information to us when you sign up to our newsletter to image buyers.
We collect: names, email addresses, job titles and company names.
Ticketing data
When you purchase a ticket (or tickets), to attend one of our events, your name, billing address and email address will be processed and stored on the ticketing platform eventbrite.
For more information, please see eventbrite’s privacy policy.
Google analytics and cookies
In addition to information given explicitly by you, we also collect information about your visit to our website (for example, the date and time of your visit and the pages that you view).
This information is not connected to you personally and is in aggregate form.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we collect for several purposes such as: reviewing membership application forms, admitting members, providing full access to the website, or to identify you so that a service can be provided to you (for example, the image request service).
We do not sell, rent or lease any information about you to other organisations.
However, we may share your data with our partners or affiliates with whom we work or who work for us if this is necessary to provide a service that you have requested or if we are required by law to do so.
The specific purposes for using personal information include:
Website registration and membership applications
We need to collect this information to activate user accounts on the website and give members access to exclusive content.
We also need to collect personal information to process membership applications and to administer membership.
Image requests and Orphan Works searches
This personal information is shared with BAPLA members via email to enable them to respond to your request.
Email marketing
We use this information to send you newsletters and information about our events.
We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, TTMail, to deliver our newsletters.
We gather statistics around email opening and clicks to help us monitor and improve our newsletters.
For more information, please see TTMail’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to our mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails.
Ticketing data
This personal information will primarily be used for order fulfilment and administration.
We may also use this information to tell you about future events.
This will be a limited marketing activity where our use of your data is proportionate, has minimal impact on your privacy and is an activity that you might reasonably expect us to be engaged in.
Google analytics and cookies
This kind of data helps us to understand how our visitors use our site so that future service, content and website development can better meet user’s needs.
You can find out more about how we use cookies here.
LAWFUL BASIS FOR COLLECTING AND PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and process personal information on at least one of the following lawful bases:
you have provided your consent (for example you have signed up to our newsletter);
we have a legitimate interest (for example administrative purposes);
to provide a service you have asked us to provide.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
We will only retain your personal information for the minimum time necessary.
For some purposes such as our business accounting, how long we keep your personal information will be determined by legislation we have to adhere to.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information.
You have the right to rectify inaccurate personal information we have about you.
If you believe any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
You have the right to request us to erase personal information we have about you (known as ‘right to be forgotten’).
The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances including:
the personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose which we originally collected or processed it for;
we are relying on consent as the basis for holding the data, and you are withdrawing your consent;
we are relying on legitimate interests as the basis for processing, you object to the processing of your data, and there is no overriding legitimate interest to continue this processing;
we are processing the personal data for direct marketing purposes and you object to that processing;
we have processed the personal data unlawfully;
we have to erase your personal information to comply with a legal obligation.
You can exercise this right by contacting us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
If you have given us consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw consent.
You can exercise this right by contacting us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you so that you can reuse it for your own purposes across different services (known as ‘right to data portability’).
This right only applies if you have given us consent to process your information or if we have used it for the performance of a contract with you.
You can exercise this right by contacting us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
You have the right to request the information we hold about you (known as ‘right of access’).
We must provide you with a copy of this information, the reasons it is being processed, and whether it will be given to any other organisations or people.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please contact us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
SECURITY
We maintain a high level of physical and electronic security in relation to the collection and storage of personal information.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
If you have chosen a password to access the members’ only section of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share this password with anyone and to change it if you suspect someone has gained access to it.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this website linking to other sites.
Those sites are not governed by this privacy policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
CONCERNS OR COMPLAINTS
If you have any concerns or complaints relating to this policy or about how we collect and process personal information, please contact us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal information has infringed the General Data Protection Regulation.
In the UK, the relevant supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
CHANGES TO BAPLA’S PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we will make changes to this policy to keep it up-to-date and relevant.
Please make sure you check regularly to see what’s changed.
This policy is effective from 9 May 2018.
Subscribe to our newsletter to image buyers
Email
Company
Full Name
Position
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled