https://barbados.org/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Search
Submit
Today79 F26 C
Sat79 F26 C
Sun79 F26 C
Mon79 F26 C
Tue79 F26 C more weather info.
Add to Favourites
Register / LoginMy Favourites
This policy relates to use of the Barbados.org, WhatsOnInBarbados.com, BarbadosHolidayThemes.com, and other websites owned or managed by Axses Systems Caribbean Inc. Axses Systems Caribbean Inc. is a Barbados-based company.
Information collected:
This website receives and stores information from forms submitted on this website. You control what data is collected for each form.
This information may be stored in email systems offline and in online databases.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we will retain your email messages and our responses.
Use of information collected:
We use information collected to respond to your queries. We do not share personally-identifiable customer details with any third party.
We will disclose your information to third parties if compelled to do so legally.
Videos:
Some pages on this website display embeded videos from YouTube. By viewing these videos you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service which are explained at https://www.youtube.com/t/terms. To display these videos we use YouTube API Services the Privacy Policy of which is explained at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The video players on our websites do not collect or store any user data; we only use the YouTube service to display videos. As such we have no user data to share with either internal or external parties.
When viewing these videos you may see advertisements delivered by YouTube.
Credit Card Information:
No credit card information is processed or stored by this website.
Secure Transmission:
The Barbados.org website uses industry-standard SSL technology to encrypt data being transmitted. Sites other than Barbados.org may not use this technology.
Cookies:
Cookies are small identifiers that are transferred to your computer through your Web browser. These are used on this site by Google Analytics to compile non personally-identifiable website usage statistics, and by Google Adsense to display advertisements. They may also be used to record the accommodation that you choose to save for Cost & Compare services.
Please refer to your browser or mobile device help section to delete existing cookies or disable cookies completely.
Note that doing so can deprive you of useful features on this and other websites.
Customer-Service:
Please e-mail us at barbados@barbados.org if you have any questions, would like to know what data we have stored pertaining to you personally, or wish to request removal of that data from our systems.
Island Info.
About Barbados
7 Wonders
History & Culture
World Heritage Site
Getting Here
Visa Requirements
Island People
Island Living
What's On
Island Guides
Accommodation Guide
Barbados By Map
Barbados By Drone
Beach Guide
Business Guide
Restaurant Guide
Tour Guide
Villa Guide
Wedding Guide
Island Tips
Special Offers
Great Things To Do
Hot Sites to See
All Things To Do
Where To Visit
Private Rentals
Car Rentals
Safety Tips
Island News
Connect
Join Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Visit Us on YouTube
Contact Us via Email
Sign up to see What's On!
Email*Lists*What's On In Barbados
facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestflickr
© CARIBBEAN DREAMS PUBLISHING, 2020 | Copyright & Terms | Privacy Policy
P.O.Box 16B, Brittons Hill, St. Michael, Barbados, BB11090
Back To Top