https://bashof.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This website is owned and operated by the The Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame (BASHOF), a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. We are committed to respecting your online privacy. The following is our policy regarding what personal information we collect on this website, what we do with it, and how you can protect yourself. Please read it carefully.
Our online privacy policy was established to convey the care with which we will treat the personal information you provide us. Personal information includes but may not limited to your Internet protocol (IP) address and browser software, and aggregate information on what pages are visited.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide us with your personal information. If you don’t want this information recorded, please do not use our site.
Third Parties
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we will use this information solely to improve your experience with our organization and to improve our site and the content of our site.
If you provide us with your name, address, phone number, email address or other personal information for such purposes as to be added to a mailing list or to enroll in a volunteer opportunity, we may use this the information to help us understand your needs, respond with appropriate information and create content that is relevant to you. We will not use this information for purposes other than what you have expressly requested.
It is not our policy to sell personal information to third parties.
Accuracy
To the extent you provide us with personal information, we will strive to maintain accuracy. Should you have any questions or want to update or correct your personal information, please contact us by email at asavicke@bashof.org or by phone at 415.296.5606.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held by BASHOF, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the personal information that you provide us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Tracking
Our online tracking system may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; dates and times that our site is accessed; and referrer information if you clicked on an external link in order to access one of our webpages. We may also analyze information that does not contain personal information for trends and statistics.
Cookies
Portions of our website may use cookies for security and authentication purposes. A “cookie” is a block of text placed in a file on your hard drive by a website you’ve visited. For example, we may use cookies to maintain your computer’s session to the website server. We do not share or sell information we may learn about you through our use of cookies to any third party or for any purpose.
You may opt not to accept a cookie by changing the appropriate preference in your browser.
Children
We will never knowingly request personal information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without first obtaining verifiable parental or guardian consent.