https://bber.unm.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for bber.unm.edu and bberwebapp-env.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com.
Updated 27 July 2016
This website has been created as a resource to provide demographic and economic data that pertains to the State of New Mexico and related. To better accomplish this goal we may collect personal data about you such as, but not limited to, your IP address, registration information, your ISP, navigation data, or contact information.
When you contact us
When you contact us via the “Contact” page, you are required to provide your first and last name, email, and optionally a contact number so that we may follow up on your request. Your information provided will not be stored, shared, or sold with any third parties, other than in connection with providing you the service you have requested.
When contacting us, you may opt to be added to our email mailing list. We use this list to inform our patrons about New Mexico data products and related activities such as conferences. You may unsubscribe from this list at any time.
Browsing Data
When using our website, small packets of information are collected and transmitted to Google. This information is used for analytics purposes only. The information collected provides BBER staff the ability to see which pages are most viewed and some aggregated data about users. This data is controlled under Google’s privacy policy; full text is available here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics is an industry standard, according to W3tech.com, 54.5% of all websites use Google Analytics. If for some reason you would like to limit the data shared with Google, it is suggested to use a private browsing window without being logged into any Google services. At the end of your session you should close the window. This will limit the information collected to only include your bber.unm.edu browsing behavior.
Note that BBER staff does not gain access to any “personal data” by using Google Analytics.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer to better your experience on bber.unm.edu. The various sources of cookies are detailed below.
When using BBER’s database web app (http://bber.unm.edu/db), cookies are stored on your computer containing your username and password. These cookies will allow you to login automatically without needing to enter your username and password. These cookies remain active for up to 7 days.
Another type of cookie used on this site is known as an “authentication cookie”. This type of cookie records if you are logged into the site. This is only used to authenticate users accessing subscriptions such as the New Mexico Business Journal and FOR UNM pages.
By using these services you consent to having cookies stored on your computer in a limited quantity, and only for the activities described in this policy.
Social Media Policy
BBER staff maintain a Twitter and Facebook page. Articles from blog posts by BBER staff are posted to these accounts. By clicking on these links information may be collected by Facebook, Twitter, and WordPress (our blog provider). Data collected by your use of these services is managed under those sites privacy policies.
Offsite links
In fulfilling our mission, our website includes links that will take you away from bber.unm.edu. These links will most often open in a new tab, and we attempt to mark these links with a standard offsite link symbol (http://bber.unm.edu/visualizations/external_link.svg). While it is our goal to provide links only to high quality sites that we think will be useful to our users, we cannot be held accountable for website content beyond our own. Additionally, websites we link to may have privacy policies that differ from this one.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
UNMHOME
BLOG
CONTACT
SITEMAP