http://blogs.harvard.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Public Nature of Content Submitted to Sites
The nature of blogging is to reach a public audience. Please be aware that any information that you submit to us whether through forms or email, including personally identifiable information, may be publicly displayed on sites hosted at http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/, or on websites not within our control. If you don’t want others to see such information, don’t submit it.
Forms and Content
To create a new blog, or register for an existing one, you may be required to submit an email address and other personal information. We may publicly display the personal information. Your address may also be used to send you email bulletins from individual Harvard blogs to which you subscribe, or to attribute comments or posts to you. If there are problems with your individual site, we may contact you via email as well.
If you contribute content, such as discussion comments, to any of our blogs, your contribution may be publicly displayed including personally identifiable information. Display of visitor content is determined by the discretion of the individual blog editors.
As the editor of a blog, you may establish a range of access restrictions to your material. The initial default setting for individual blogs allows outside search engines, indexes and third party sites to scan each blog, create hyperlinks to individual blogs or distribute it further via feeds. If you change these settings, there is no guarantee that outside search engines will omit your blog from its searches. Please check your default settings to discern the level of access the public has to your individual blog.
Each time you update your individual blog, it may also send pings or feeds to sites that index or track newly updated blogs. These sites may publicly display a hyperlink to your site and the time that you updated it. If your site publishes XML feeds, content from or links to your site may be publicly displayed on third party sites.
Depending on the settings on your site, email bulletins that contain content from your site may be sent out to subscribers.
IP Addresses and Referrers
We may publicly display the IP addresses of visitors and contributors to individual blogs hosted at http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to tailor site content and to format the site and software to user needs, and to generate aggregate statistical reports. We may use aggregate visitor data to prepare publicly displayed reports regarding the traffic on individual blogs, site popularity rankings, and referrers that visitors use to access individual blogs.
Cookies
If you visit our web site, we may use session cookies while your browser is open, or while you are logged into our site. To facilitate our registration and login functions, we may use cookies to recognize you when you return to our website or to individual blogs hosted our site. If you do not logout of your account, these cookies allow us to keep track of your username and password, so that you do not have to resubmit the information to log into your account. Always remember to log out of your site or account so that the computer’s other users cannot access your account.
Disclosure of Information to Harvard University Administration and to Law Enforcement
Available log records, and all data stored on our servers may be accessed by our system administrators. The system administrators may produce these records and data to the Administrative Dean, Dean of Students, or the Administrative Board, upon request or suspected violation of our terms of use. It is Harvard’s policy to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the detection, investigation, and prosecution of unlawful activity. If we receive a warrant or subpoena for user information, we may disclose requested records to law enforcement authorities or outside parties seeking information through the legal process.
Links to Independent Websites
Blogs hosted by the Weblogs at Harvard University project may link to independently run web sites outside of the http://blogs.harvard.edu/ domain. Harvard is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such web sites.
Children’s Privacy
The Weblogs at Harvard University site is intended for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under age 13 who has become a member of a site hosted by http://blogs.harvard.edu/, please contact our administrator at  director at cyber.law.harvard.edu to notify us of a suspected violation.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the general terms of use of the site, you may contact us by email at  webmaster at cyber.law.harvard.edu or by post to:
Executive Director
Berkman Center for Internet & Society
23 Everett St.
Cambridge, MA 02138
Protected by Akismet • Blog with WordPress