http://blogs.harvard.edu/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Welcome to Weblogs at Harvard Law!
The blogs.harvard.edu WordPress platform is a free service for the Harvard community. The President and Fellows of Harvard College (“Harvard”) offer these blogging services (the “Services”) to you subject to the terms and conditions of use (“Terms”) contained herein. By accessing, creating or contributing to any blogs hosted at http://blogs.harvard.edu/, and in consideration for the Services we provide to you, you agree to abide by these Terms. Please read them carefully before posting to or creating any blog.
1. Rights in the Content You Submit
Default Creative Commons Public License
Unless you specify otherwise, any and all works of authorship copyrightable by you and posted by you to any blog (“Content”) are submitted under the terms of an Attribution-ShareAlike Creative Commons Public License. Under this license, you permit anyone to copy, distribute, display and perform your Content, royalty-free, on the condition that they credit your authorship each time they do so. You also permit others to distribute derivative works of your Content, but only if they do so under the same Attribution-ShareAlike license that governs your original Content.
Please read the full text of the Attribution-ShareAlike Creative Commons Public License.
Amongst other things, this license permits RSS aggregators to copy, distribute, display and perform any Content on your blog that you syndicate using RSS. All Content on your blog is syndicated for RSS aggregation unless you change your settings to indicate otherwise.
Option for More Restrictive License Terms
If you prefer to offer your Content on more restrictive terms, you may do so as follows:
For Content you submit to your own blog, remove the Creative Commons logo from your blog template (contact us if you require instructions).
For Content you submit to a blog other than your own, label your submission with a full copyright notice, i.e., your name, the word “copyright” or symbol “©” and the year of first publication.
By posting your Content using the Services, you are granting Harvard a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and worldwide license to use your Content in connection with the operation of the Services, including, without limitation, the license rights to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Content, and/or to incorporate it into a collective work.
Attribution
When publicly displaying, publicly performing, reproducing or distributing copies of your Content, or Content as incorporated into a collective work, Harvard will make best efforts to credit your authorship. You grant Harvard permission to use your name for such attribution purposes. You, likewise, agree to represent yourself accurately. You acknowledge that misrepresentation may lead us, in our sole discretion, to cancel your use of the Services and delete any of your Content.
2. Conduct
Posting
Those of us who are coordinating this research project believe deeply in free speech. Given our role in offering this service and our presence together as part of the extended university community, however, we must reserve the right to remove certain content that you may post. As a general matter, you may post content freely to your blog and to those of others, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or otherwise injurious or objectionable.
You may not use the Harvard name to endorse or promote any product, opinion, cause or political candidate. Representation of your personal opinions as institutionally endorsed by Harvard University or any of its Schools or organizations is strictly prohibited.
By posting content to any blog, you warrant and represent that you either own or otherwise control all of the rights to that content, including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the content, or that your use of the content is a protected fair use. You agree that you will not knowingly and with intent to defraud provide material and misleading false information. You represent and warrant also that the content you supply does not violate these Terms, and that you will indemnify and hold Harvard harmless for any and all claims resulting from content you supply.
You acknowledge that Harvard does not pre-screen or regularly review posted content, but that it shall have the right to remove in its sole discretion any content that it considers to violate these Terms or the terms of any other campus user agreements that may govern your use of the campus networks.
Accessing
You understand that all content posted to http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/ is the sole responsibility of the individual who originally posted the content. You understand, also, that all opinions expressed by users of this site are expressed strictly in their individual capacities, and not as representatives of any Harvard institution.
You agree that Harvard will not be liable, under any circumstances and in any way, for any errors or omissions, loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of use of any content posted on this site. You agree that you must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.
Children
Collecting personal information from children under the age of 13 is prohibited. No Content should be directed toward such children without the express written permission of the Executive Director, Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School.
3. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Harvard makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the site’s operation or the information, content or materials included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Harvard hereby disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. Harvard will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of or inability to use this site. You expressly agree that you use this site solely at your own risk.
4. Privacy Policy
Please be sure to read our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.
5. Modification of These Terms of Use
Harvard reserves the right to change, at any time, at our sole discretion, the Terms under which these Services are offered. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to all such Terms.
6. Copyright Complaints
Harvard respects the intellectual property of others, and requires that our users do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please follow our instructions for reporting copyright infringements.
By clicking on the link below, you acknowledge that you have read and are bound by this agreement, as well as any other Harvard network usage agreements that may govern your conduct. Thank you for participating in the Weblogs At Harvard Law initiative. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions.
7. Terms License
This terms of use document is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License.
Protected by Akismet • Blog with WordPress