https://bonnieterrylearning.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
You may contact us to correct your information. See contact info below.
Bonnie Terry Learning knows you care about how your Personal Information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing Bonnie Terry Learning’s Website or by using any of Bonnie Terry Learning’s materials or services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we may gather when you are accessing or using our Website or the Bonnie Terry Learning Services, but not the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Website and the Bonnie Terry Learning Services, including to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to provide and improve the Bonnie Terry Learning Services, and to analyze how you use the Website. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us Personal Information, please contact us at bt@bonnieterrylearning.com
Will Bonnie Terry Learning ever change this Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Website and the Bonnie Terry Learning Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will provide notice of any changes on the Website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them even if you haven’t provided us with your email, or if you have told us you do not want to receive emails from us. If you use the Website or the Bonnie Terry Learning Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Information You Provide to Us:
We may receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us, including information you post on our website and information in correspondence with us. For example, we may collect Personal Information such as your name and email address. Certain information may be required to take advantage of some of our features.
Information Received from Third Parties:
We may receive information about you from third parties who have represented to us that they have the authority and the legal right to collect and provide us with that information.  Those third parties may include customers of Bonnie Terry Learning with whom you have a relationship, and providers of information who may have collected your information through a separate relationship with you or from public records.
Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with our Website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Website, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Website are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of the Website’s features. If you click on a link to a third-party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
In addition, if you use any Bonnie Terry Learning Services, we may collect information regarding your login, your account and data you may process using the Bonnie Terry Learning Services.
When we collect the usage information described above, other than to provide support related to your use of the Bonnie Terry Learning Services, we only use this data in anonymized, aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Website, and we can use that knowledge to make the Website interesting to as many users as possible.
If Bonnie Terry Learning has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Bonnie Terry Learning.
Will Bonnie Terry Learning Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Aggregated Anonymized Personal Information. We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you are not individually identified, and provide that information to our partners to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website and the Bonnie Terry Learning Services. However, we never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you individually.
Agents: We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or Website to you; for example, we may use Google Analytics to track usage of our Website. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us, unless otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Bonnie Terry Learning Customers:  If you are using the Bonnie Terry Learning Services in connection with your work or relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, Bonnie Terry Learning may disclose your Personal Information or any information related to your use of the Bonnie Terry Learning Services to that company or organization.
Protection of Bonnie Terry Learning and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Bonnie Terry Learning, our employees, our users, or others.
Promotional Activities:  We may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding Bonnie Terry Learning products and services which we believe may be of interest to you or your organization.  You have the right to opt out of receiving those messages as noted below.
Is Personal Information about me secure?
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.  In particular, you acknowledge that Bonnie Terry Learning is not responsible for any loss of any passwords or login information which you receive for access to Bonnie Terry Learning Services which results from your failure to keep that information secure.
In addition, Bonnie Terry Learning uses the methods specified here.  Although we believe those methods are adequate, you acknowledge that no security methods are perfect and that any transfer of information is at your own risk.
What Personal Information can I access?
You may contact us at bt@bonnieterrylearning.com to request deletion of any Personal Information we have.
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Website changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at bt@bonnieterrylearning.com.
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: bt@bonnieterrylearning.com.
What choices do I have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to take advantage of some of our special features or may be required by your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers.
You have the right to request access to any Personal Information which Bonnie Terry Learning may have by contacting bt@bonnieterrylearning.com. The information will be provided in a machine-readable format. You may also ask that we transfer the Personal Information to a third party, which we will do if technically feasible.
You also have the right to review, add and update your Personal Information.  You may also request the deletion of your Personal Information where:
the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed,
you withdraw consent to Bonnie Terry Learning’s possession of the information on which the processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for Bonnie Terry Learning’s retention of the information,
you object to Bonnie Terry Learning’s possession of the information and there is no overriding legitimate basis for the retention,
the Personal Information has been unlawfully obtained or processed, or
the Personal Information has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the European Union or other law to which Bonnie Terry Learning is subject.
When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
If Bonnie Terry Learning has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Bonnie Terry Learning.
Consent to Commercial Electronic Messages
If you provide us with an email address, you expressly consent to receiving Commercial Electronic Messages from Bonnie Terry Learning about your use of the Website, the Bonnie Terry Learning Services and our Products.  If you have any questions about Bonnie Terry Learning’s Commercial Electronic Messages, you can contact Bonnie Terry Learning at:
Bonnie Terry Learning
238 Poet Smith Dr.
Auburn, CA 95603
or by emailing bt@bonnieterrylearning.com
If you do not want to receive Commercial Electronic Messages from Bonnie Terry Learning, you may click the unsubscribe button in any message you receive from Bonnie Terry Learning or you may indicate your at unsubscribe.
Rights to Object or Restrict Processing or Personal Information.
If Bonnie Terry Learning has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Bonnie Terry Learning. You may, however, at any time revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your Personal Information by emailing bt@bonnieterrylearning.com.   Upon receipt of your request, Bonnie Terry Learning will delete your personal data provided Bonnie Terry Learning may retain any data which is required for billing and accounting purposes or which is subject to legal retention requirements.  In addition, if you discover any errors in data, you may contact us by emailing bt@bonnieterrylearning.com and we will correct it.
Right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards where Personal Information is transferred to a third country or to an international organization
If Bonnie Terry Learning has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Bonnie Terry Learning.
Bonnie Terry Learning enters into agreements with its customers regarding the safeguards that have been put in place to protect your Personal Information for transfer outside of the European Economic Area. For transfers to countries without an adequacy decision by the European Commission, Bonnie Terry Learning puts appropriate safeguards through contractual obligations.
Right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards where Personal Information is transferred to a third country or to an international organization
If Bonnie Terry Learning has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Bonnie Terry Learning’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Bonnie Terry Learning.
Bonnie Terry Learning enters into agreements with its customers regarding the safeguards that have been put in place to protect your Personal Information for transfer outside of the European Economic Area. For transfers to countries without an adequacy decision by the European Commission, Bonnie Terry Learning puts appropriate safeguards through contractual obligations.
What if I have questions about this policy or if I want to report an abuse of this policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to bt@bonnieterrylearning.com, and we will try to resolve your concerns.
Last Update: 5-24-18
Reading Fluency Training
Spelling and Phonics
Grammar Game
Writer's Reference Guide
Graphic Organizers
Reading Comprehension Game
Math Calculation Game
Reading Pack
Writing Pack
Spelling Sense
Reading Fluency TrainingSpelling and PhonicsGrammar GameWriting GuideGraphic OrganizersReading Comprehension GameMath Calculation GameReading PackSpelling SenseSpelling Sense II
Get Weekly Teaching Tips
Subscribe to our newsletter to get free weekly teaching tips.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Close
Subscribe to our newsletter
Name*
First
Last
Email*
You are interested in help with...
Reading
Spelling
Writing
Math
Dyslexia
ADHD
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Get Weekly Teaching Tips
Get weekly tips from Bonnie Terry, M.Ed., BCET.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
I’m already on the list. I love the tips!
Not today, remind me tomorrow.
You are on the list for tips!
Stay up to date with Bonnie Terry Learning:
Bonnie Terry Learning
Twitter
Return to Bonnie Terry Learning
Get Weekly Teaching Tips
When You Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Dismiss
Woohoo!
You are on the list!
Dismiss