https://braeburn.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Schools
Find a school
Braeburn
Braeside
Garden Estate
Imani
Kisumu
Mombasa
Nanyuki
Arusha
Dar es Salaam
Why Braeburn?
Overview
Our approach
Curricula
Achievements
Student destinations
About us
Overview
History
Founding Members
Our Team
Teacher Training
Braeburn Theatres
Apply
Contact
Privacy Policy
Braeburn Schools Limited (hereinafter "Braeburn") respects individual privacy and value the confidence of its customers, partners, students, employees and it’s community.This Privacy Policy and Notice of Information Practices sets forth Braeburn’s practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide through this site. Please read this entire privacy policy before using this site or submitting information to Braeburn through this site.By using this site and whenever you submit information through this site to Braeburn, you agree with the terms of Braeburn’s Privacy Policy and Notice of Information Practices written below.Data CollectionBraeburn only collects personally identifiable data such as your name, address, telephone number or email address when you voluntarily submit it to Braeburn. This information may be used by Braeburn personnel as a means to contact you to obtain more information, to improve this site, or it might be used to provide you with information that you have requested or additional information which Braeburn believes may be of interest to you. The data will not be transferred outside the company without your prior consent, but may be used within Braeburn or by a company acting as an agent of Braeburn for processing and mailing purposes. Braeburn may also use this information within the company for performing marketing studies or for other commercial purposes for which it may receive compensation.Braeburn maintains the data collected in an electronic database of voluntarily submitted personally identifiable information. Braeburn and its agents may exchange such information with each other or with you over the Internet or Intranet systems for the purposes of carrying out the services described above.While Braeburn makes every reasonable effort to protect the information collected through its websites, please be aware that there is always some risk involved when submitting data over the Internet. We cannot guarantee that our website is 100% safe from illegal tampering or “hacking.” Any data transmitted over the Internet may be at risk; however, once it is received at Braeburn and entered into its database, it has the same protection that Braeburn extends to its own confidential information.We track the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to each page of the website, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is gathered in this process.Email DisclaimerAny email and attached files transmitted with it are intended solely for use by the recipient(s) to whom it is addressed and may contain confidential information. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately and permanently delete this email and/or any files attached to it from your computer.Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Braeburn Schools Limited. We accept no liability whatsoever for any loss or damages incurred, or suffered, resulting, or arising, from the use of this email and/or its attachments.Braeburn Schools Limited warrants neither the integrity of the e-mail nor its freedom from errors, viruses, interception or any other form of interference.Updating Your InformationIf at any time you wish to stop receiving emails or other communications from us, or if you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to have that information deleted from our records, please notify us. You may also request access to personal data about you that Braeburn holds and you may have the opportunity to request a correction or amendment to your personal data. As a reminder to you when exchanging emails, any email that you send or receive on your employer’s email system is the property of your employer. Consequently, your employer has the ability to review your personal information sent via email.Links to Third Party SitesAs a convenience to our visitors, our sites currently contain links to a number of other (non-Braeburn) sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policy presented here does not apply to those sites. You should contact these sites directly for information on their privacy policies, confidentiality agreements and data collection/distribution procedures.Children’s PolicyOur website is not intended or designed to attract children (universally accepted as persons under the age of 18). Persons who allow children to use the website do it at their own legal risk.CookiesOur website uses a technology called "non-persistent cookies," which is a small data file that a server gives to your browser when you access a website in order to let you access the pages you request and to track the pages visited. Using non-persistent cookies to track page visits helps us analyze our site usage more accurately.In Braeburn sites that require passwords, you are giving us explicit permission to use a “persistent cookie,” which is a small data file that is generated when you enter your assigned user id and password and access the site. This file is stored on your computer, and enables your browser to access each page that is in the password-protected area. Please note that linked non-Braeburn sites may also use cookies. Braeburn cannot control the use of cookies by these non-Braeburn sites. We also want you to know that when you link from a Braeburn website to another website, that site may have the ability to recognize that you have come from a Braeburn site. If you do not want any other websites to know that you have been on this website, we recommend that you do not use the links provided in our site.Enquiry and Application formsThe enquiry and application forms on this website are protected by Google's Invisible reCAPTCHA. Your use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.Privacy Policy UpdatesAny changes to the Braeburn Internet privacy policy will be posted on this page.