http://bschool.pepperdine.edu/legal/gdpr-privacy-notice/
Skip to main content
Search site
x
Search
Apply
Visit
Give
Menu
Academics
Admission
Student Life
Alumni
About
Newsroom
Events
Locations
Community
Popular Links
Tuition
Library
Graziadio at a Glance
Graduation
Academic Catalog
Academic Calendar
Faculty Directory
Study Abroad
Graziadio Blog
Recruitment Advisors
Back
Academics
Degrees & Programs
Doctor of Business Administration
Executive MBA Programs
MBA Programs
MS Programs
Degree Completion Programs
Online Programs
Joint Degree Programs
Certificate Programs
Global Programs
Program Comparison
Institutes & Centers
Peate Institute for Entrepreneurship
Center for Women in Leadership
Center for Applied Research
Center for Teaching and Learning Excellence
Research
Graziadio Business Review
Graziadio Newsroom
Private Capital Markets Reports
Millennial Research Reports
Thought Leadership
Faculty Directory
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Back
Admission
Application Information
Admission Requirements
Admission Deadlines
International Students
Class Profile
Student Ambassadors
Tuition
Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance
How to Apply
Forms and Resources
Veterans' Benefits
Back
Student Life
Life at Pepperdine
Studying in Malibu
Spiritual Life
University Housing
Career Development
Student Clubs & Organizations
Hallmarks
Values-Centered
Collaborative
Experience-Driven
Entrepreneurial
Global
Back
Alumni
Benefits & Services
Alumni Events
MBA Plus Program
Career Development
Social Networks & Directory
Get Involved
Refer a Friend
Become an Ambassador
E-newsletter Sign-up
MSOD Alumni Network
Graziadio Alumni Blog
Alumni Successes
Alumni Annual Report
Pepperdine Alumni Affairs
Back
About
Our Story
Our Vision
Our Administration
Corporate Relations
Graziadio Blog
Making Waves Video Series
Diversity and Inclusion
At a Glance
Accreditation
Rankings
Corporate Social Responsibility
Responsible Management Education
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Notice
Clery Notice of Availability
Terms of Use
Web Accessibility
Accessibility Policy
Title IX
Trademarks
GDPR Privacy Notice
The purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is to protect all European
Union ("EU") citizens from privacy and data breaches by allowing citizens to maintain
control of the personal data kept and processed by organizations, which includes Pepperdine
University. The GDPR also protects the personal data of individuals, regardless of
citizenry, in the EU.
Pepperdine University is committed to safeguarding the privacy of personal data. This
Privacy Notice outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information
provided to the University by students, faculty and staff, alumni and other members
of our community. When information is submitted to Pepperdine, or you use the University's
websites and other services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of
that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
University Use of Information
Pepperdine collects and processes personal data ("Information") from individuals only
as necessary in the exercise of the University's legitimate interests, functions and
responsibilities as a private, non-profit institution of higher education. For example,
Pepperdine also collects and processes Information from individuals who are applicants
for employment positions. Information collected from students or student applicants
is used to register or enroll persons in the University, provide and administer housing
to students, manage a student account, provide academic advising, develop and deliver
education programs, track academic progress, analyze and improve education programs,
recruitment, regulatory reporting, auditing, maintenance of accreditation, and other
related University processes and functions. Pepperdine also uses Information to conduct
general demographic and statistical research to improve University programs, to identify
appropriate support services or activities, provide reasonable accommodations, enforce
University policies or comply with applicable laws. Finally, Information may be shared
by Pepperdine with third parties who have entered into contracts with the University
to perform functions on behalf of the University, subject to the obligation of confidentiality
and safeguarding from unauthorized disclosure.
Third Party Use of Sensitive Information
We may disclose your Sensitive Information and other Information as follows:
Consent: We may disclose Information if we have your consent to do so.
Emergency Circumstances: We may share your Information when necessary to protect your interests and you are
physically or legally incapable of providing consent.
Employment Necessity: We may share your Information when necessary for administering employment or social
security benefits in accordance with applicable law or any applicable collective bargaining
agreement, subject to the imposition of appropriate safeguards to prevent further
unauthorized disclosure.
Public Information: We may share your Information if you have manifestly made it public.
Archiving: We may share your Information for archival purposes in the public interest, and for
historical research and statistical purposes.
Performance of a Contract: We may share your Information when necessary to administer a contract you have with
the University.
Legal Obligation: We may share your Information when the disclosure is required or permitted by international,
federal, and state laws and regulations.
Service Providers: We use third parties who have entered into a contract with the University to support
the administration of University operations and policies. In such cases, we share
your Information with such third parties subject to the imposition of appropriate
safeguards to prevent further unauthorized disclosure.
University-Affiliated Programs: We may share your Information with parties that are affiliated with the University
for the purpose of contacting you about goods, services, charitable giving or experiences
that may be of interest to you.
De-Identified and Aggregate Information: We may use and disclose Information in de-identified or aggregate form without limitation.
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect
your information when you transmit it to us and when we store it on our information
technology systems.
Cookies and Other Technology
The University's use of cookies and other data can be found in the University's Privacy
Policy.
Retention and Destruction of Your Information
Your information will be retained by the University in accordance with applicable
state and federal laws, and the applicable retention periods in the University's Records
Management policy. Your information will be destroyed upon your request unless applicable
law requires destruction after the expiration of an applicable retention period. The
manner of destruction shall be appropriate to preserve and ensure the confidentiality
of your information given the level of sensitivity, value and criticality to the University.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in
the use of, or erasure of your information in accordance with all applicable laws.
The erasure of your information shall be subject to applicable state and federal laws,
and the applicable retention periods in the University's Records Management policy.
If you have provided consent to the use of your information, you have the right to
withdraw consent without affecting the lawfulness of the University's use of the information
prior to receipt of your request.
Information created in the European Union will be transferred out of the European
Union to the University. If you feel the University has not complied with applicable
foreign laws regulating such information, you have the right to file a complaint with
the appropriate supervisory authority in the European Union.
Updates to This Policy
We may update or change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the University's
website and third party applications after any such change indicates your acceptance
of these changes.
[5/23/2018]
scroll up
©