https://bulldog.swosu.edu/publications/policies/web-services/index.php#privacy
Search
Open Search
Home
Publications
Policies
Web Services
SWOSU Web Policies
Accessibility
SWOSU is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities
in compliance with applicable laws, including Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act
and the American Disabilities Act (ADA).
Procedures:
All new and revised webpages comply with WCAG 2.0 Level AA success criteria.
All new and revised documents comply with WCAG 2.0 Level AA success criteria.
Upon a specific request for access by an individual, legacy pages are updated to be
in compliance with the WCAG 2.0 Level AA success criteria.
Where compliance is not technically possible or is unreasonably difficult in that
it may require extraordinary measures, an equally effective accessible format will
be provided upon request in a timely manner.
Document-to-Webpage Conversion
Documents submitted by departments to be posted on the SWOSU website will be converted
to webpages with the following exceptions.
Fillable forms
Documents requiring a signature
Web & Creative Services reserves the right to make other exceptions at the discretion
of the department
Contact the SWOSU webmaster (webmaster@swosu.edu) to report accessibility issues.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Southwestern Oklahoma State University Website and reviewing
our privacy policy. This statement addresses collection, use, security of, and access
to information that may be obtained through use of Southwestern Oklahoma State University
's Website.
Information Collected If You Only Browse This Site
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read webpages,
or download information, we may gather and store certain information about your visit.
This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store
the following information about your visit on some of our webpages:
The Internet domain and IP address used to access this site
The type of browser and operating system used
The date and time
The pages you visit
The last website you visited before coming to SWOSU’s website
This information collected is used to improve and enhance the features and functionality
of SWOSU’s web & Creative services. Web analytics are used to generate reports to
identify the number of visitors, usage statistics, and user demographic information.
The information also helps us learn what technology our visitors are utilizing.
What We Collect If You Volunteer Information
Visitors have the option of voluntarily providing SWOSU with additional information
through the SWOSU website. This may be done through email or by completing and submitting
an online form or survey. Information collected by online forms or surveys will only
be used for the specific function involved. This information will not be shared with
outside commercial entities.
If during your visit to our website you participate by completing and submitting an
online form or survey or send an email message, the following additional information
will be collected:
The email address and contents of the message, for those who communicate with us via
email
Information volunteered in response to a survey
Information volunteered through an online form or message board for any other purpose
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio,
video, and graphic information formats that you send us.
We may use email you send us to respond to you as needed, to address issues you may
identify, to further improve our website, or to forward the email to a SWOSU department
or another public agency for appropriate action. Survey information is used for official
university business described on survey webpages. Information from other online forms
is used for only official university business or for purposes expressly stated on
the forms.
Personal Information and Choice
You May Choose Whether to Provide Personal Information Online
"Personal information" is information about a person that is readily identifiable
to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's
name, address, and telephone number and does not include the user’s domain name or
IP address.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to
us by sending us email, participating in a survey, or completing an online form. You
may choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey, or to provide any
personal information using an online form. Your choice not to participate in these
activities will not impair your ability to browse SWOSU’s website and read or download
information provided on the site.
If personal information is requested on the website or volunteered by the user, state
law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information
is a public record once you provide it and may be subject to public inspection and
copying if not protected by federal or state law.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested or volunteered
by children online or by email will be treated the same as information given by an
adult and may be subject to public access.
Security
Southwestern Oklahoma State University, as developer and manager of the SWOSU website,
has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized
access to information maintained by SWOSU. These measures are designed and intended
to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems
and information, and to provide reasonable protection of private information in our
possession.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or
other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via
SWOSU websites.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information
is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking
for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the
address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also
protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform
their assigned job duties are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept
in a secure environment.
Disclaimer
Neither the state of Oklahoma, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the state of
Oklahoma warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published
by this system nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked
from this system and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on
the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information
may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information
obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Terms of Use
Southwestern Oklahoma State University encourages the use of this website and other
SWOSU websites, regardless of domain address, as a way to share information and knowledge.
Website content is subject to change without notice. While most websites are publicly
accessible, certain services and information offered online may be restricted to specific
users or segments of the SWOSU population.
Content
Consistent with university policies and regulations, SWOSU upholds the principles
of academic freedom and shared governance, freedom of speech, and privacy in the use
of electronic resources by our faculty, students, and staff.
The SWOSU website contains official webpages in support of the core mission of the
university or related administrative business. It also contains webpages generated
by groups or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views
of SWOSU.
The university does not actively monitor or control web content. However, when the
university receives a notification of an alleged violation of law or policy, we investigate
and address violations accordingly. To report a violation, contact webmaster@swosu.edu.
Privacy: The SWOSU Gateway and Other Websites
The SWOSU gateway site, http://www.swosu.edu, collects information to improve functionality and content and to monitor performance.
Data is used to help answer specific questions about the usage and performance of
the website or individual webpages. At no time is site usage associated with individual
IP addresses. For more information, see SWOSU’s Privacy Policy.
SWOSU works in a distributed information technology environment; therefore, policies
and procedures for other websites may vary. If there are questions, visitors should
contact the specific department, unit, or organization that maintains the website.
SWOSU Name and Trademark
SWOSU, SWOSU Bulldogs, Southwestern Oklahoma State University and all related trademarks
are the property of Southwestern Oklahoma State University . SWOSU names and trademarks
may not be used by third parties without specific written permission as outlined in
the SWOSU’s Graphics Standard Manual.
Other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used in the swosu.edu website are
the property of their respective owners.
Endorsements
Links from a website located on a SWOSU server to any non-university site do not imply
university endorsement of the website's products or services. References to non-SWOSU
products, services, or organizations do not imply university endorsement of such products,
services, or organizations.
Additional Web Policies
General Standards
Web Style Guide
Institutional Webpages
Advertising, Donors & Sponsorships
Copyright
Fundraising
University Web Committee
Web Services
Website PoliciesSWOSU Web Policies
©