http://business.rutgers.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Spring 2021 Operating Status: Newark Campus | New Brunswick Campus | coronavirus.rutgers.edu
Resources for RBS Students, Faculty, and Staff
Show Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Back to Top
Privacy Policy
Effective March 8, 2020
Privacy Notice
Rutgers Business School is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information of users and visitors to business.rutgers.edu.  Rutgers collects certain kinds of data from users and visitors as they browse the site for general site analytics. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for business.rutgers.edu.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared, what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data, the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Updates to This Privacy Notice
We may make changes or additions to this policy at any time and will post the changes on this web page.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
During your use of this website, you may be assigned a “cookie” to more accurately track your browsing behavior and activity. Cookies are small text-based data files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive and used to collect details about each visit you make to our site. We use cookies to track site usage and behavior for the purpose of delivering more personalized, relevant web experiences to our visitors. Many browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can adjust your browser settings to disable cookies, which may impact your access/usage of certain parts of the site.
Use of third party services
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits data to Google servers. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the Webmaster contact given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only staff who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website please contact Website Operations.