http://business.gradschools.com/privacy-policy
Top Business Masters Degrees & Graduate Programs 2020+
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Browse By Major All A-Z
Business
Criminal Justice & Legal
Education
Fine Arts & Design
Health & Medicine
Liberal Arts & Humanities
Math, Science & Engineering
Nursing
Psychology
Public Affairs & Social Sciences
Religious Studies
Technology
Masters
PhDs
Online
Browse Colleges
Browse By Location By State
By City
International Programs
For Canadian Students
Resources Degree Guide
Financial Aid
Student Loans
Get Informed
Blog
Search form
Search
Home
Masters
Business
BROWSE GRADUATE PROGRAMS
YOU HAVE CHOSEN:
Masters
Business
Subject Selection
Accounting
Business Administration & Management
Business Information Systems
eCommerce & Social Media
Economics
Entrepreneurship
Environment & Agriculture
Finance
Healthcare Administration & Management
Hospitality Management
Human Resources Management
International Business
Marketing & Advertising
Non-Profit Administration
Operations Management
Organizational Leadership
Project Management
Public Administration & Policy
Real Estate & Property Management
Sports Management
Technology Management
Program Level
Certificate
Doctorate
By Location
Online
Select a StateAlabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Puerto Rico
Virgin Islands
or Popular CityAtlanta
Boston
Buffalo
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indianapolis
Jacksonville
Los Angeles
Miami
Milwaukee
Minneapolis
Nashville
New Orleans
New York City
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Raleigh
Sacramento
Salt Lake City
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
St Louis
Masters in Business Programs
View Programs Now!
If you’re considering a Masters in Business program, there are three main options available to postgraduate students: MA, MSc or MBA. The core courses of any masters degree in business provide a more in-depth understanding of commerce how to apply managerial tactics to drive success.
Masters in Business : Overview
In a general masters in business program, students often receive a broad but focused education in the functional areas of business. Many business masters programs meld hands-on learning, upper-level business courses and networking opportunities with formats that may include electives and independent research. Most business masters degree courses tackle methods suitable for someone who manages people, projects, and day-to-day operations in
Finance
Accounting
Marketing
Human Resources
Organizational Behavior
Each masters student could also gain a unique education tailored to their career goals in one of two ways.
Through a masters or MBA concentration (E.g. MBA in Marketing, MS in Finance/Financial Planning)
Through a masters degree in a single are of business studies (Master of Accounting)
How Long Does It Take to Get a Masters Degree in Business?
One of the common concerns, especially for at-work students is: How long is business school? While some universities offer a 1-year business degree, these accelerated one-year masters programs are usually for executives and students with experience. Otherwise, the average length of most masters in business programs is between 12 and 24 months.
Different Masters Degrees in Business: MBA, MA, MS
The Master of Business Administration (MBA) remains a popular choice for business-related studies, however there are many reasons why students may opt for a Master of Arts (MA) or Master of Science (MS) in business instead.
MBAs typically expose students to a general overview of business, with a larger range of compulsory courses designed to equip them to a wide range of business-related situations and roles. In contrast, an MA or MSc in Business tends to provide scope for gaining deeper skills and insights. These programs tend to focus on precise academic and theoretical models and may help students become experts in a specific field (e.g. accountant).
MA programs tend to be offered in the humanities, while MS programs frequently have STEM-infused curricula. However, the nuances of each program are set by individual business schools, so take note of different program requirements and read course lists before you move forward.
MBA | Master of Business Administration
The Master of Business Administration (MBA) is an internationally-recognized professional masters degree. It is designed to develop in graduates the skills required for careers in business and management.
The bulk of MBA course credits are devoted to compulsory courses in core subjects such as:
Operations Management
Managerial Economics
Business Strategy
Human Resource Management
Managerial Finance
Corporate Ethics
After these “core” courses are completed, students could focus their MBA through a concentration (E.g. healthcare administration, economic crime, finance) which allows them to follow their own personal or professional interests. Some schools require that MBA candidates complete an internship at a company or organization, which may lead to concrete job opportunities after the program.
MS | Master of Science in Business
A Master of Science (MS) is an academic degree with a technical focus in a business discipline. Students may be exposed to several business functional areas as they hone critical and creative thinking skills.
The aim of an MS is to help students learn to leverage organizational knowledge and navigate a data-driven business setting. Course plans tend to be holistic and cover a chosen subject from all angles while also covering
Leadership
Teamwork
Management Strategy
Statistics
Data Analysis
This could ready participants to identify effective strategies, improve managerial decisions and drive overall business growth. A choice of emphasis often provides fuel for research and further professional development and expertise. Students often need to complete a thesis, and may, depending on the subject, need to complete an internship.
Andrew Haller
Co-founder/Co-CEO of AirDev
Expert Insight
We asked Co-founder Andrew Haller, of software design consultancy AirDev, about what he learned from his MBA program
My MBA truly showed me what "networking" - the effective, powerful kind - means. I learned how to network and prospect new clients, building my two businesses from the ground up. As the saying goes, people will forget all about what you say and do but they will remember how you made them feel.
Tweet
MA | Master of Arts in Business
A Master of Arts (MA) in business is a graduate degree that often melds current theory, academic research and applied practice to help students lead effectively. Students often take a wide range of courses that could cover
Principles of Administrative Leadership
Management
Grant-writing
Community Engagement
Advocacy
Throughout their program, MA students might have the chance to develop practical skills through written and oral assignments and through the hands-on crafting of strategic or marketing plans. Often, a field-based practicum and a culminating capstone project are required.
Types of Master's Degrees in Business
For students who have a plan for their career trajectory, a masters degree in business could focus exclusively on one particular area of interest right from the start. What do you want to earn an MBA or masters degree in? Below is a brief synopsis of some popular categories that fall under business masters degrees.
Popular Masters in Business Graduate Programs
Sponsored ListingsProgramInstitutionDegree AwardedMaster of Science in Organizational Leadership - Project ManagementNorthcentral UniversityMSMBA in Healthcare AdministrationCarroll UniversityMBAMaster of Organizational LeadershipSt. Ambrose UniversityN/AMaster of Science in AccountingUniversity of New HavenN/AMaster of Education in Sports AdministrationEast Central UniversityN/AMaster of Business AdministrationCarlow UniversityN/AMaster of Business AdministrationMalone UniversityMBAMaster of Business Administration - Strategic LeadershipWinthrop UniversityMBAM.B.A. in Human ResourcesPurdue University GlobalMBAOnline Master of Health AdministrationQueens University of CharlotteMSMaster of Science in Business AnalyticsThe University of ScrantonN/AMS in Financial Crime and Compliance ManagementUtica CollegeMSsponsored listings
sponsored
Accounting
Accounting master’s programs such as the Master of Accounting (MAcc) often prepare students to become a Certified Public Accountant. An accounting major in an MBA program might cover financial accounting and in-depth economic principles.
Business Administration & Management
A Master of Business Administration (MBA) or Master of Management (MM) could ready students to plan, organize, direct and take control of the various functions and processes of a firm or private enterprise. Concentration areas bring into focus specific tools and techniques that may be useful for executives and managers of certain departments (like human resources or budgeting).
Business Information Systems
A Masters in Business Analytics is planned-out for those who want to use data mining to advance their organization’s strategic priorities. In some schools, students may earn a Business Intelligence Certificate, certified by SAS in tandem with their MS degree.
eCommerce & Social Media
A Master of Science in e-Business Management could help students cultivate the skills needed to assess, oversee and improve the operational functions of an online enterprise. Students may learn to apply the concepts of systems integration to the design and development of products and services through market analysis.
Economics
A Masters in Economics (MS, MA, MEcon) program could refine skills in economic reasoning. Students could learn how to construct and apply economic models through the use of econometrics and other quantitative techniques.
Entrepreneurship
A masters or MBA in entrepreneurship may cover the finer points of taking an idea from concept to market. Students may learn how to gage opportunity and risk, create a business plan, and raise capital.
Environment & Agriculture
Masters degrees in Agriculture cover the management of farmland, forestry, fisheries and livestock. They often focus on a wide range of topics, from agribusiness and green technology to sustainability and zoology.
Finance
A MS in Finance or MBA Finance could help students develop a capacity to manage a person or organization’s assets and maximize their growth. Banking and financial planning are two concentration areas.
Healthcare Administration & Management
A Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA), MS or MBA Healthcare all have at heart the skills and knowledge required to manage facilities, operations and services in healthcare settings. Key areas could include health informatics, health law, clinical issues and financial management.
Hospitality Management
A Masters or MBA in hospitality management could explore the specific leadership needed in the hotel industry, tourism and businesses, such as hotels, spas, restaurants, casinos, and resorts. Students might gain a solid grasp of how to maximize profits, market their brand, and improve guest experience.
Human Resources Management
A Masters or MBA in Human Resource Management (HRM) could help students understand what it takes to hire, fire, assess and train personnel. Course topics could cover workplace behavior and performance metrics.
International Business
A Masters in International Business could help students understand the global marketplace and how to achieve and maintain a competitive edge. Concepts such as diversity, economics and conflict resolution may add onto courses in leadership and strategy.
Marketing & Advertising
Marketing masters programs often help students make sense of market research, consumer behavior and digital media platforms. MS programs may cover technical subjects such as search engine optimization and analytics, while MBA marketing programs may help students develop as managers.
Non-Profit Administration
A Masters in Nonprofit Administration may cover the principles of fundraising and reaching budget goals in organizations and foundations dedicated to service or charity. Students may develop keen leadership skills and expertise in management.
Operations Management
Masters in Operations Management programs could help students learn the ins and outs of logistics, supply chain management and effective use of resources. A focus in construction management could help students plan, direct and oversee building projects with an eye to negotiate contracts, control budget and understand the regulatory environment.
Organizational Leadership
A Masters in Organizational Leadership often provides a forum for students to develop as leaders who are able to manage projects and motivate teams. A less person-centric focus in this field is a Masters in Risk Management which could emphasize the calculations needed to make savvy decisions about opportunities.
Project Management
A Master of Science in Project Management (MSPM) may help refine technical skills as participants study up-to-date and innovative management strategies. Students could learn how to initiate, plan, execute, control, and close a project --on time and on budget--using the latest project management software and technology.
Public Administration & Policy
A Master of Public Administration is similar to an MBA but focuses on the public and non-profit sectors. Students could learn how to manage projects and programs that benefit the community as they hone skills in policy analysis and ethical leadership.
Real Estate & Property Management
A Masters in Property Management could help students learn how to buy and sell property as well as how to manage real estate. Courses could include basic business, finance, accounting and real estate theory.
Sports Management
A MS or MBA in sports management is all about the business of sports. Students could refine skills in management, coaching, sports analytics, marketing and more.
Technology Management
A Masters in Technology Management could ready students with the skills to effectively lead in both technology and business sectors. Often, course plans focus on management, strategy, ethics, and industry trends such as information security.
Top Salary Metro Areas
in the United States: Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales AgentsMetro AreaAnnual Mean SalaryEmploymentNew York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA$136,04067,110Florence-Muscle Shoals, AL$115,72030Sherman-Denison, TX$114,20040St. George, UT$110,68040Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT$109,5604,180Bureau of Labor Statistics
FUN FACT
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, many chief executives have an MBA or masters degree in an area related to their work
Check out our list of 250 Business Programs
Below:
Read More
Sponsored Listings
Sponsored Listings
×
Southern New Hampshire University MBA
No application fee for April & June terms
Some of the nation's most affordable tuition rates, from a private, nonprofit, NEASC accredited university
Qualified students with 2.5 GPA and up may receive up to $20K in grants & scholarships
Multiple term start dates throughout the year. 24/7 online classroom access
Visit School
Strayer University
Eligible new or returning students can save $3,000 on tuition with the Master’s Scholarship.
Strayer University is an accredited institution with a proud history of 125 years in quality education.
With the help of dedicated personal support and AI technology, earn your degree online or on campus.
Visit School
Northcentral University
Master of Business Administration - Financial Management
MPA Criminal Justice
MPA Human Resources Management
MPA Project Management MPA Homeland Security
Master of Business Administration - Entrepreneurship
MPA Health Services MPA Financial Management
Master of Business Administration - General Business
Master of Science in Technology and Innovation Management - IT Project Management Master of Business Administration - Project Management
Master of Science in Technology and Innovation Management - Engineering Management MPA Nonprofit Management Master of Science in Organizational Leadership - Project Management Master of Education - Sport and Athletic Management Master of Science in Organizational Leadership - Health Services Master of Science in Organizational Leadership - General Organizational Leadership Master of Science in Organizational Leadership - Human Resources Management Master of Science in Organizational Leadership - Nonprofit Management Master of Business Administration - Strategic Management Master of Public Administration Master of Human Resource Management Master of Health Administration (MHA)
Carroll University
MBA in Healthcare Administration MBA in Business Management
St. Ambrose University
Master of Organizational Leadership Master of Business Administration
East Central University
Master of Education in Sports Administration
University of New Haven
Master of Science in Accounting Master of Healthcare Administration Master of Business Administration
Malone University
Master of Business Administration M.A. Organizational Leadership
Carlow University
Master of Business Administration Executive Master of Buisiness Administration Dual Master of Social Work/ Master of Business Administration Dual Master of Science in Nursing/ Master of Business Administration
Winthrop University
Master of Arts in Arts Administration Master of Business Administration - Strategic Leadership Master of Business Administration - Marketing Master of Business Administration – Sports Marketing & Revenue Generation Master of Business Administration
Purdue University Global
Master of Business Administration M.B.A. in Project Management M.B.A. in Marketing M.B.A. in Human Resources M.B.A. in Finance M.B.A. in Health Care Management M.S. in Management and Leadership - Leadership M.S. in Accounting M.S. in Accounting - Audit Specialization M.S. in Management and Leadership - Organizational Design and Development M.S. in Accounting - Government Specialization M.S. in Accounting - Tax Specialization M.S. in Finance M.S. in Accounting - Finance Specialization M.S. in Finance - Financial Analysis M.S. in Finance - Financial Planning Master of Public Administration M.S. in Management and Leadership - Health Care Management M.S. in Management and Leadership - Human Resources M.S. in Management and Leadership - Project Management M.S. in Management and Leadership - Information Technology M.S. in Information Technology - Project Management M.S. in Information Technology - Business Intelligence and Analytics M.S. in Information Technology - Business Intelligence
Queens University of Charlotte
Master of Business Administration - Healthcare Master of Business Administration Online Master of Health Administration Master of Business Administration - Finance
The University of Scranton
Master of Science in Finance Master of Science in Business Analytics Master of Accountancy - Accounting Analytics Master of Science in Human Resources Management Master of Accountancy Master of Accountancy - Forensic Accounting Master of Business Administration Master of Health Administration MBA - Finance MBA - Business Analytics Dual MBA-MHA
Utica College
MS in Financial Crime and Compliance Management MS Accounting MBA - Health Care Management MHA - Health Care Administration - Acute Care MHA in Health Care Administration - Service Organization MHA in Health Care Administration MBA - Finance and Accounting MBA - General MBA - Entrepreneurship MS in Data Science - Business Analytics MBA - Insurance and Risk Management
Pennsylvania State University
Master of Business Administration Master of Enterprise Architecture
Master of Finance Master of Professional Accounting Master of Professional Studies in Renewable Energy and Sustainability Systems Master of Professional Studies in Organization Development and Change Master of Professional Studies in Psychology of Leadership Master of Professional Studies in Human Resources and Employment Relations Master of Project Management
Pacific Oaks College
M.A. Organizational Leadership and Change
Benedictine University
Accelerated MSMOB Master of Science in Accountancy Master of Science in Management and Organizational Behavior Dual Master of Public Health/Master of Science in Management and Organizational Behavior Master of Business Administration Accelerated Masters in Business Administration Dual Master of Business Administration/Master of Science in Management and Organizational Behavior
American University
Master of Science in Human Resource Analytics and Management Master of Science in Sports Analytics Management Master of Public Administration and Policy Master of Arts in Economics - Applied Economics Master of Science in Healthcare Management Master of Science in Measurement and Evaluation Master of Science in International Relations and Business MBA (MBA@American)
Methodist University
Master of Business Administration Master of Health Administration
University of Delaware
Master of Science in Accounting Practice Master of Public Administration Master of Science in International Business Master of Business Administration - International Business
Rivier University
Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Administration Master of Business Administration in Information Technology Management Master of Science in Project Management Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration in Marketing
Saint Joseph's University
MS in Organization Development and Leadership MS in Health Administration - General Concentration MS in Health Administration - Organizational Development and Leadership MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics – General Track MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics MS in Strategic Human Resource Management
King University
Master of Business Administration emphasis Management Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration emphasis Healthcare Administration Master of Business Administration emphasis Project Management Master of Business Administration emphasis Marketing Master of Business Administration emphasis Human Resources
Greenville University
Masters of Business in Administration Master of Science in Management
Purdue University
Master of Science in Communication: Communication & Leadership Master of Science in Hospitality and Tourism Management Master of Science in Engineering Technology (MSET)
Campbellsville University
MA in Sport Management, Administration MA in Sport Management, Marketing Master in Management & Leadership MBA Accounting MBA Healthcare Management MBA HR Management MBA Markerting MBA International Business MBA
Colorado State University Global Campus
Master - Project Management Master - Human Resource Management MS - Organizational Leadership Master - Finance Master - Information Technology Management Master - Professional Accounting Master - Healthcare Administration and Management MS - Management
Notre Dame of Maryland University
M.S. in Risk Management
Concordia University Chicago
MBA, Not-for-Profit Management Specialization MBA, Leadership and Change Management Specialization The Concordia University Chicago Core MBA MBA, Health Care Management Specialization MBA, Finance Specialization MBA, Digital Marketing Specialization MBA, Chief School Business Official Specialization MBA, Accounting Specialization MA, Leadership: Organizational Leadership Specialization MBA, School Business Management Specialization MBA, Sports Management Specialization
Lasell University
MBA Marketing MBA Project Management Negotiation and Conflict Resolution MBA Human Resources Master of Business Administration (MBA) Master of Science in Sport Management: Athletic Administration Master of Science in Sport Management: Sport Leadership Master of Science in Sport Management: Parks and Recreation Master of Science in Communication: Integrated Marketing Communication Master of Science in Management: Hospitality and Event Management Master of Science in Management: Management Master of Science in Project Management Master of Science in Human Resources Master of Science in Sport Management: Sport Tourism & Hospitality Management MS Management - Marketing
Walden University
MS in Project Management Master of Information Systems Management - Business Information Management Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Entrepreneurship & Small Business Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Corporate Finance Master of Information Systems Management - Project Management Master of Business Administration (MBA) - General (Fast Track) Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Human Resource Management Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Leadership Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Marketing Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Project Management Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Self-Designed Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Social Entrepreneurship & Innovation Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Accounting Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Healthcare Management Master of Business Administration (MBA) - General Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) - Communication Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Project Management - Tempo Learning® Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Healthcare Management - Tempo Learning® Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) - General (Part-time) Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) - General (Accelerated) Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) - General - Tempo Learning Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) - General Master of Healthcare Administration (MHA) - Leadership & Organizational Development MS in Human Resource Management - Organizational Strategy MS in Human Resource Management - Integrating Functional & Strategic Human Resource Management
California State University, Northridge
Master of Science in Taxation
Sponsored Listings
Subscribe for information on earning a graduate degree
Email Address *
Leave this field blank
Sign Up
By entering my email address and clicking "Sign Up" I agree to be contacted by EducationDynamics for additional education products and services, this submission is not required to use our site. Privacy Policy.
Advertise | About | FAQs | Update Programs | Terms of Use | Legal Notice | Privacy Policy  |
Disclosure: What Determines Top/Best? | Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA and NV residents)
© Gradschools 2020. All Rights Reserved.
The sources for school statistics and data is the U.S. Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics and the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System unless otherwise noted.
Disclosure: EducationDynamics receives compensation for many of the featured schools on our websites (see “Sponsored School(s)” or “Sponsored Listings” or “Sponsored Results” or “Featured Graduate School(s)”. So what does this mean for you? Compensation may impact where the Sponsored Schools appear on our websites, including whether they appear as a match through our education matching services tool, the order in which they appear in a listing, and/or their ranking. Our websites do not provide, nor are they intended to provide, a comprehensive list of all schools (a) in the United States (b) located in a specific geographic area or (c) that offer a particular program of study. By providing information or agreeing to be contacted by a Sponsored School, you are in no way obligated to apply to or enroll with the school.
This is an offer for educational opportunities that may lead to employment and not an offer for nor a guarantee of employment. Students should consult with a representative from the school they select to learn more about career opportunities in that field. Program outcomes vary according to each institution’s specific program curriculum. Specific School Disclosures. Financial aid may be available to those who qualify. The information on this page is for informational and research purposes only and is not an assurance of financial aid.
Find Schools