https://cals.ncsu.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
NC State Privacy Policy
NC State has a privacy statement that covers the entire university.
CALS-Specific Privacy Policy
CALS websites use certain tools to capture and analyze web statistics. Information about these tools is listed below. If you have any questions about this information, please contact cals_wordpress@ncsu.edu.
Akismet
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Google Analytics
The CALS website uses Google Analytics to capture and analyze web statistics. The information gathered is used to improve web services for site users. Google Analytics uses a browser cookie to gather and process data related to your browsing behavior on library websites.  Data typically collected include network location, hostname, web pages requested, referring web page, browser used, screen resolution, and date and time. No personal information is stored within cookies. If you choose, you may opt-out by turning off cookies in your browser preferences. Visit the Google Analytics website for more information.
Facebook (visitor action pixel)
We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc. (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by using Facebook’s Your ad preferences page.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation.
Third-Party Embeds
Some of the content displayed on this site is not hosted by us. It is hosted by a third-party and embedded in the site. For example: YouTube videos, SoundCloud audio files, or Twitter tweets that appear within a page. These files send data to the hosted site just as if you were visiting that site directly (for example, when you load a page with a YouTube video embedded in it, YouTube receives data about your activity). We do not control what data third parties collect, or what they will do with it. So, third-party embeds are not covered by this privacy policy. They are covered by the privacy policy of the third-party service.
Spectrum Reach
Some parts of this site use Spectrum Reach to advertise externally, and track their advertising integrations using a tracking code. Spectrum Reach Privacy Policy
Mailchimp
Mailchimp hosts and performs our email marketing tasks. MailChimp also stores personal data on our subscribers to our newsletter. MailChimp Privacy Policy.
Juicer
We use Juicer.io software to integrate our social media activity on our site (Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter). To do this, we provide Juicer.io access to the management center on our channels. This means that we allow them to view and use the information we have provided on those channels. Specifically, it means that it gives Juicer.io access to all our photos, divisions, comments and likes, which we receive from followers. It also means that Juicer.io has access to data about our followers, including the name, pictures, gender, etc. that the individual users have chosen to provide to that channel when they have created it. Juicer Privacy Policy.