https://cambridgesocietyofparis.com/terms-and-conditions-page/
Skip to content
Table of Contents
Data protection statementPersonal data that we holdHow we use your dataWhen we share your data with others (our partners)How we protect your dataYour rightsFurther information
Data protection statement
This statement explains how the Cambridge Society of Paris “we” and “our”) handles and uses the personal data we collect about our members and our past, current and future supporters (“you” and “your”).  Developing a better understanding of our members and supporters allows us to keep in touch with you, in order to keep you appraised of our activities and developments, to provide services to you, and to identify ways in which you can support us, through donations or other forms of financial and non-financial support.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold.
Personal data that we hold
We may hold information relating to you from a number of sources. A significant proportion of the information we hold is that which you provide to us (for example, you may give us information by filling in forms on our website, or by corresponding with us by telephone, email or otherwise).
Most records contain:
details of your education (e.g. your College(s), the courses you have completed, dates of study)
your contact details (and we update these whenever you let us know that they have changed)
details of your interactions with us, including:
your membership with us
your attendance at our events
personal data provided by you for a specific purpose (e.g. disability and dietary preferences for event management purposes)
your communication preferences, to help us provide tailored and relevant communications
information about your areas of interest and extra-curricular activities
How we use your data
Your data is used by us for a number of interdependent purposes in support of alumni relations, supporter communications and fundraising.  These include:
inviting you to our events
sending you publications (e.g. updates about our activities)
sending you tailored requests for donations to the Society’s Trevor Brown Bursary Fund
administrative purposes (e.g. in order to process a donation you have made or to administer an event you have registered for or attended)
conducting surveys
sending you details of volunteering opportunities
internal record keeping, including the management of any feedback or complaints
Communications to you may be sent by post, telephone or electronic means (principally by email), depending on the contact details we hold and the preferences expressed by you about the types of communications you wish to receive.
If you have concerns or queries about any of these purposes, or how we communicate with you, please contact us using the details listed below.
We will always respect a request by you to stop processing your personal data, and in addition your statutory rights are set out below.
When we share your data with others (our partners)
We share the above categories of data with the University and Colleges.  Any transmission of data to or from the University and Colleges is managed through agreed processes that comply with relevant data protection legislation.  The University and each College has its own data protection statement and procedures.
How we protect your data
We ensure we have appropriate data sharing arrangements in place before sharing your personal data.
We do not sell your personal data to third parties under any circumstances, or permit third parties to sell on the data we have shared with them.
We also facilitate communication between individual members, but in doing so we do not release personal contact details without prior permission.
Any transfers of your data overseas (outside of the European Economic Area), as set out above, are protected either by an ‘adequacy decision’ by the European Commission (declaring the recipient country as a ‘safe’ territory for personal data) or by standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission (which give obligations for the recipient to safeguard the data) or, before 25th May 2018, based on our self-assessment of the risks involved with the transfer and its determination that the data will be adequately protected during and after the transfer. Further information about the measures we use to protect data when being transferred internationally is available from us (via the contact details are set out below).
Your rights
You have the right to:
ask us for access to, or rectification or erasure of your data
restrict processing (pending correction or deletion)
object to communications or direct marketing
ask for the transfer of your data electronically to a third party (data portability)
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Commission Nationale d’Informatique et Libertés (CNIL) at https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes.
Further information
The legal basis for processing your personal data for the interdependent purposes set out above is that it is necessary for the pursuit of our legitimate interests. We always handle your personal data securely and minimise its use, and there is no overriding prejudice to you by using your personal information for these purposes.  In addition, there is no statutory or contractual requirement for you to provide us with any personal data.
The controller for your personal data is the Cambridge Society of Paris, and we can be contacted at admin@camsocparis.org.
Please contact us if you have any concerns or questions about the above information or you wish to ask us not to process your personal data for particular purposes.  Where you have specific requests relating to how we manage your data, we will endeavour to resolve these, but please note that there may be circumstances where we cannot comply with specific requests.
We will retain your data indefinitely in support of your lifelong relationship with us or until you request us to do otherwise.  We will publish any changes we make to this data protection statement and notify you by other communication channels where appropriate.
Where you exercise your right to erasure, we will continue to maintain a core set of personal data (name, college and membership details) to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in future.