https://cambridge.org.hk/privacy-policy/
Prince Philip Scholarship
Members of the Friends
Apply
login
The Friends of Cambridge University in Hong Kong (“The Friends”) is committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of the personal information it holds in accordance with Hong Kong’s Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance Cap. 486, and where applicable, the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation.
Collection and use of personal information
(a) In connection with applications for the Prince Philip Scholarship, personal information is collected and used in accordance with the policy set out in the Scholarship Personal Information Collection Statement.
(b) In connection with The Friends, personal information is collected and used in accordance with the policy set out in The Friends Personal Information Collection Statement.
(c) Both the Scholarship Personal Information Collection Statement and The Friends Personal Information Collection Statement apply to data already in possession of The Friends on or before 1 April 2013 as well as data collected by The Friends after that date.
(d) For the purposes of both the Scholarship Personal Information Collection Statement and The Friends Personal Information Collection Statement, the expression “University of Cambridge” includes the various Cambridge colleges, faculties and departments at Cambridge and officers and members of staff; and the expression “The Friends” includes The Friends of Cambridge University in Hong Kong Limited and/or any of its committees and officers.
Collection of personal information via this website
This website collects standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns for the purpose of compiling statistical reports and website improvement.  Users may choose to disable the cookies on their browsers, but should note that under such circumstances, their user preferences will not be saved and their user experience may be affected.  The Friends does not thereby collect any personal identifiable information of users and will not match the data obtained with any personal data otherwise held by The Friends.
Further information
For further information about our privacy policy, or other enquiries, please contact admin@cambridge.org.hk.
(Revised 18th Nov 2018)
School Login
Forgot Account? Please Contact Us.