https://camh.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston.
This privacy policy governs the use of camh.org, owned and operated by the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston (CAMH). CAMH takes the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adheres to the applicable data protection laws.
Camh.org collects information from users through voluntary submissions, traffic data, and cookie technology. Every time a user visits our site we count, track, and aggregate the user’s activity into our analysis of general website traffic. However, our analytics recognizes no information regarding the individual identity or e-mail addresses of our users.
In order to access some parts of our websites and to subscribe to our free e-mail newsletters, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided. For this purpose, we will ask you to double opt-in by sending a message to the specified e-mail address with a confirmation link. In addition, we store your IP address and the time of registration and confirmation so that we can prove your registration. We do not collect any further data in this context.
Our website uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies,” a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and stored on your computer. Cookies may also be used to remember your activities and facilitate navigation as well as to track your visits to the website. You may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to and stored at a Google server in the United States. You can find more information concerning the treatment of user data by Google Analytics in Google’s Privacy Policy.
CAMH also tracks the number of visitors to our site in aggregate form to allow us to update and improve our service. The information you provide helps us to make our site better and more responsive to our users. We do not target advertising or sponsorships, though we may occasionally send you a promotional offer via e-mail. At our discretion, we may make the information about camh.org’s users available in aggregate form, with no personal identifiers, to help describe and identify our users to business partners, co-branded sites, the industry, the public, as well as our advertisers. We do not share any detailed individual member information with other companies.
If you wish to make donations or become a Museum Member via our website, you will be required to provide your name, e-mail address, and a physical address. Your financial details will be shared with our payment system provider in order to complete your transaction. Your financial details will not be held by CAMH. You may also provide us with data when you enter a competition, promotion or survey, attend an event, and when you report a problem with our website. The data you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number.
We process your communication data (name, e-mail address) in order to be able to contact you. Personal data that you provide to us will only be processed for correspondence with you or only for the purpose for which you have made the data available to us. Your personal data is transmitted encrypted. We use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. Furthermore, we protect our websites and other systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification, or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. All data you give us is stored on our secure servers.
We do not sell, share, rent, or intentionally make publicly available users’ personal information, including e-mail addresses, except as provided herein. This information is used by the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston only for internal purposes. We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. In addition, we may process your data to fulfill legal obligations (e.g. regulatory requirements, commercial and tax storage and proof obligations). We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the sites, or a physical threat to you or others.
You can revoke your consent to receive e-mail communication from us and unsubscribe at any time. You can cancel your enrollment by clicking on the link provided in every e-mail, by e-mail to media@camh.org, or by contacting us via telephone, letter, or fax.
By visiting camh.org, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
All questions regarding this privacy statement should be addressed to media@camh.org
Or
Attn: Privacy Policy
Contemporary Arts Museum Houston
5216 Montrose Boulevard
Houston, TX 77006
(713) 284-8250
Privacy Policy Revisions
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Contemporary Arts Museum Houston
5216 Montrose Boulevard, Houston, Texas 77006
713.284.8250 | info@camh.org
Contact Us
Press
Employment
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
eNews
© 2020 Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, All Rights Reserved.