http://campushealth.unc.edu/about-us/policies
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Resources
Get the latest on virtual and in-person appointments, extra steps we're taking to keep you safe and Coronavirus (COVID-19) resources and information.
The best way to make an appointment is to request one on the Healthy Heels Portal and a scheduling staff member will call you back. Please answer your phone! Students may also call 919-966-2281 between 8 am and 5 pm Monday - Friday to schedule an appointment. Please talk to a Campus Health staff member on the phone prior to coming to Campus Health.
For CAPS visits, see caps.unc.edu.
Home
About Us
Policies, Standards, and Procedures
Policies, Standards, and Procedures
This page contains  Policies, Procedures, and Standards applicable to Campus Health at UNC Chapel Hill.  Additional policies can be found on the UNC Policies website.
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
UNC Chapel Hill Campus Health recognizes that all people have unique health care needs and affirms to focus on individual needs through provision of services in a considerate, dignified, and respectful manner. We empower patients by increasing awareness of these rights and responsibilities by visibly posting them within each area of the facility. It is in recognition of these standards that UNC Chapel Hill Campus Health works to uphold the following rights and responsibilities:
Read more about Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Confidentiality
Campus Health Services respects and preserves the privacy and confidentiality of patient and personnel information.  Information whether written, spoken, recorded electronically, or printed will receive the same level of protection.
Read more about Confidentiality
Patient Communication Needs
Campus Health is committed to providing all services necessary to communicate effectively with patients.  Examples of patients with communication needs include patients who do not speak English, who may be blind or deaf, or those who have temporary communication impairment. Use of the patient’s friends and family should be used only when no other interpreter is available and only after assessing other applicable variables in patient’s care (type of treatment being received, visible ease vs. anxiety from patient of having family/friend serving as interpreter).
Read more about Patient Communication Needs
Privacy Policy
A Notice of Privacy Practices only applies to non-student patients of Campus Health.  The health records at Campus Health are governed by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).  For more information regarding FERPA, please visit: http://www2.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html
Read more about Privacy Policy
Who Can Use Campus Health and CAPS?
All degree-seeking students and Postdoctoral Fellows who pay the current term Campus Health Fee can use Campus Health and CAPS.
Read more about Who Can Use Campus Health and CAPS?
Related Content
Charges & Insurance
Related Links
Student Affairs Policies
UNC Policies
About Us
Mission
Appointments
Hours+What to do When Campus Health is Closed
Directions+Parking
Our Staff+Administrative Group
Executive Group
Gynecology
Lab and Radiology
Nursing
Nutrition
Patient Registration and Central Appointments
Pharmacy
Primary Care Providers
Sports Medicine
Compliments and Concerns+What Students Say about Campus Health
Frequently Asked Questions+General questions
Money Questions
Insurance Questions
Hours Questions
Confidentiality Questions
Pharmacy and Prescriptions
Special services questions
Policies-Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Confidentiality
Patient Communication Needs
Privacy Policy
Who Can Use Campus Health and CAPS?
Contact Us+Contacts and Phone Numbers