https://camstl.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis
Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis
Friday, Oct 9
Museum closed.
Café closed.
Free admission.
Visit
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Safety Guidelines
Gallery Guides
Café
Tours
Exhibitions
Exhibitions
Current + Upcoming
Archive
Calendar
Programs
Programs
Public Programs
Youth + Family
Teens
Members
St. Louis
Join + Give
Join + Give
Give
Membership
Contemporary Circles
Companies
Special Events
Shop
Search
About
News
Café
Video + Audio
Event Rentals
Privacy Policy
Become a Member
Privacy Policy
The Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Our Commitment to Online Security
Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. Billing information is encrypted whenever transmitted or received online. Personal information is accessible only by staff and volunteers designated to handle online complaints or requests. All CAM employees with access to personal information obtained on CAM’s website are also bound to adhere to this policy.
Personal Information that CAM May Collect Online
CAM collects the following types of personal information: names, postal and email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, and billing information. CAM does not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13, and no part of our site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
How CAM May Use Personal Information Collected Online
CAM will not use your personal information other than for the purpose for which it was submitted without your consent. We use personal information to reply to inquiries, handle complaints, and in program record keeping. We also process financial contributions to the museum for memberships, gifts, or program fees. At certain points where personal information is collected on our site, there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a list to receive information about other CAM programs and services and about ways to support the Museum. At any time you can add or remove your name from our mailing list by contacting Development Associate Megan Schraier at mschraier@camstl.org.
How Your Information May Be Shared
CAM never sells or rents personal information to any other organization.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
If your personal information changes or you would like to review the personal information we may have on file, please email us with the new information or your review request to Development Associate Megan Schraier at mschraier@camstl.org.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our website is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. CAM uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the CAM website if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
Problems
If you have a complaint about CAM’s compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact Director of Finance and Administration Michael Albrecht at malbrecht@camstl.org.
Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis
3750 Washington Boulevard
St. Louis, MO 63108
(314) 535–4660
info@camstl.org
About
News
Café
Video + Audio
Event Rentals
Privacy Policy
Email Address
© Copyright 2020 Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis