https://canadianbusinesscollege.com/policy/
Skip to content
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
ACCESSIBILITY AND ACCOMMODATION POLICY
STUDENT SEXUAL VIOLENCE POLICY
AODA COMPLIANCE POLICE
I’M READY TO LEARN MORE
Please email me information about your programs and school.I may cancel this consent at any time.
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
What information does the Canadian Business College collect from me?
Canadian Business College collects information from different parts of our Web site. We may ask you for personal information, including (but not limited to) when you download a file (such as a .PDF file) from us; when you ask us to contact you; when you join our mailing list; and when you report a problem with one of our sites or services. If you contact CBC, we may keep a record of that correspondence. CBC may also occasionally ask users to complete surveys that we use for research. Wherever CBC collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on the bottom of that page.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web sites, which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer’s consent to post his/her name prior to posting the testimonial.
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct it by resubmitting your request to us with your new contact information. If you no longer desire our service, you may request that we delete/remove such information from our records by contacting us at privacy@canadianbusinesscollege.com. We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days.
How does Canadian Business College use my information?
CBC’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our Web sites, and to service your request. This may include personalization services.
We do not use third parties to assist us in providing services, fulfilling orders and information requests, improving users’ experiences on CBC’s websites and for other business purposes. If CBC were to use agents, contractors or other companies to perform services on its behalf, we will require that they protect your personally identifiable information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as postal code).
We use information collected to monitor company efforts to reach our target audience, as well as to understand how our audience perceives these efforts.
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE
Special Offers, Updates and/or Newsletters
We will occasionally send you information on programs that we offer. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice/Opt-out” Section below.
Service-related Announcements
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our campus is temporarily closed for maintenance or due to inclement weather, we might send you an email.
Generally, if you are an active student at one of our schools, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to be added to the Do Not Contact list upon exit from your enrollment in our school, or by emailing privacy@canadianbusinesscollege.com
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we may send you a email and/or contact you by telephone, and in some cases by text message. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email, telephone or text message, in accordance with your wishes. See the “Choice/Opt-out” section below.
Choice/Opt-out
We never share information with third parties unless we have contracted with them to perform a service for us and they must abide by the terms described above.
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes:
If you no longer wish to receive promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by emailing us at privacy@canadianbusinesscollege.com
To stop receiving phone calls, email us at privacy@canadianbusinesscollege.com, inform the caller you wished to be placed on our Do Not Call list, or call (416) 925-9929.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DOES CANADIAN BUSINESS COLLEGE USE THEM?
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Canadian Business College uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Generally, we may use cookies to:
(1) Remind us of who you are and to access your information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. For example, a cookie is set when you register or “Sign In” and is modified when you “Sign Out” of our services.
(2) Automate certain areas of the CBC web sites or online forms.
(3) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing the CBC website is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior.
(4) Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of the CBC web site you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on the CBC website a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites.
For some of the reasons listed above the Canadian Business College does tie personally identifiable information such as your email address to our cookies, for instance if you register to access certain areas of our website.
The Canadian Business College also collects IP Addresses, browser information and other computer information to report aggregate information to our marketing department.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. Please refer to your browser’s help for further information about your options for controlling or monitoring cookies.
WITH WHOM DOES THE CANADIAN BUSINESS COLLEGE SHARE MY INFORMATION
Canadian Business College will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or as disclosed in this privacy policy. CBC may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Canadian Business College’s Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) CBC’s rights or property, other CBC users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
Business Transitions
In the event Canadian Business College goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.
Links to Other Sites
If you click on a link to a third party site, [including on an advertisement], you will leave the Canadian Business College site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as the Canadian Business College. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to an CBC site, you should read that site’s privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information.
WHAT ELSE SHOULD I KNOW ABOUT MY PRIVACY
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Canadian Business College cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Children
Our web sites are not intended for anyone under the age of 16. If we find out we have collected information from a child under the age of 16 we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change how we use your personally identifiable information, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
ACCESSIBILITY & ACCOMMODATION POLICY
POLICY STATEMENT
Canadian Business College is committed to excellence in serving all students and will in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA), make every reasonable effort to ensure that its policies, practices and procedures are consistent with the principles of dignity, independence, integration and equal opportunity and ensure that persons with disabilities have equal access to programs, services and activities at the College.
DEFINITIONS
“College” – includes all individuals involved in the provision of College-related services including teaching, advising, administrating or other support services (e.g., faculty, administrators, counsellors, or other support staff).
“Accommodation” – is a change in the allocation of College resources, or in teaching or evaluation procedures, which is designed to meet the particular needs of a student with a disability
“Accessibility” – refers to the design of products, devices, services, or environments for people who experience disabilities.
“Students”- refers to all customers of the College including current students, potential students, graduates and customers who wish to complete any external examinations offered by the College.
GENERALLY
Canadian Business College is committed to training staff on Ontario’s accessibility laws and on accessibility aspects of the Human Rights Code that apply to persons with disabilities.
Training
Canadian Business College is committed to training its staff on Ontario’s accessibility laws and on accessibility aspects of the Human Rights Code that apply to persons with disabilities.
AODA customer service training will be provided to all full-time, part-time and contract employee’s as well as all volunteers. This training will be provided as a condition of employment to all new employees, contractors and volunteers. Training will be provided on an annual basis for current staff to ensure all employees, contractors and volunteers remain current with all policy and procedural changes.
Training will be provided in a way that best suits the duties of employees, volunteers and other staff members, and may include but is not limited to the following:
An overview of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the requirements of the customer service standard
How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities
How to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person
What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty in accessing Canadian Business College’s goods and services
Information and communications
Canadian Business College is committed to meeting the communication needs of people with disabilities. When asked, we will provide information and communications materials in accessible formats or with communication supports. This includes publicly available information about our goods, services and facilities, as well as publicly available emergency information.
Canadian Business College will consult with people with disabilities to determine their information and communication needs.
Canadian Business College is committed to providing fully accessible telephone service to its students and will train its staff to communicate with students over the telephone in clear and respectful manner.
Canadian Business College will offer to communicate with students via alternative forms of communication if telephone communication is not suitable to their communication needs or it is not available.
Billing / Student Enrollment Contracts
Canadian Business College is committed to providing accessible invoices to all of its students. Every effort will be made to provide students upon request with invoices in alternative accessible formats.
Canadian Business College will answer any questions students may have about the content of the invoice in person, by telephone or e-mail.
Assistive devices, Service animals & Support persons
Canadian Business College, where reasonable, will ensure that our staff is trained and familiar with any assistive devices that may be used by students with disabilities while accessing our goods or services.
Should the assistive device present a safety concern or where accessibility might be an issue, other reasonable measures will be used to ensure the access of goods and services.
We welcome people with disabilities and their service animals. Service animals are allowed on parts of our premises that are open to the public.
A person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to have that person accompany them on our premises. Support persons accompanying a person with disability will not be charged a fee for daily classroom events.  On occasion, workshops and classes sponsored by Canadian Business College or a third party outside of regular classroom use may occur at our locations.  For such events, service animals or support persons shall be permitted except when there are fees applied by a third party and/or the support person was not pre-registered or no vacancy exists.  Costs for services (i.e. food) will be the responsibility of the support person.
Students are required to provide their own service animal or support person.  Students are expected to inform their Admissions Advisor when enrolling in a program with Canadian Business College that they will be attending with a service animal or support person.
Notice of temporary disruption
In the event of a planned or unexpected disruption to services or facilities for students with disabilities, Canadian Business College will notify students promptly and effectively in an appropriate manner. Such notices may include:
Placing notices at all public entrances and service counters at each of our locations.
Campus Managers and Instructors directly informing the students of the service disruption.
Posting messages on the College’s website
If an unexpected disruption occurs, persons with disabilities will be accommodated by the use of other means to deliver the goods and services, including:
The College may provide an alternative location and time to provide the student with the disability with the goods or services (i.e. an alternative classroom location, etc.);
Any other appropriate assistive measures available to deliver the goods and services.
Design of Public Spaces
Canadian Business College will meet the Accessibility Standards for the Design of Public Spaces when making major modifications to public spaces. Public spaces include:
Service-related elements like service counters, fixed queuing lines and waiting areas
Requests for Accommodation
All requests for Accommodation should be made preferably at the time of Admission, or before the first day of the start of the program. They should be reviewed by the Campus Manager and if the request is for academic accommodation the Director of Education should be involved.
Students requiring Accommodation should start the process by filling out the Student Accommodation Request Form and submit the completed form along with all supporting documentation to the Campus Manager. No student will be penalized for making an accommodation request.
Each student’s needs are unique and will be considered when an accommodation request is made as there is no set formula for accommodation. All accommodation requests will be taken seriously and will be dealt with promptly.
Where necessary, interim accommodation will be provided while long-term solutions are developed.
Where the accommodation request does not clearly indicate a need related to a Code ground or where there is a demonstrable objective reason to question the legitimacy of the student’s request for accommodation the College may require further information related to the accommodation request.
Failure to respond to requests for further information may delay the provision of accommodation.
Accommodation requests will be responded to within 5 business days unless additional supporting documentation is required and/or missing.
Responsibilities of the College towards Students with Disabilities
The College has a responsibility to:
Ensure that persons are not denied admission on the basis of their disability
Advise students of available accommodations and support services, and the process by which these resources may be accessed
Accept a student’s request for accommodation in good faith (even when the request does not use any specific formal language), unless there are legitimate reasons for acting otherwise
Take an active role in ensuring that alternative approaches and possible accommodation solutions are investigated, and canvass various forms of possible accommodation and alternative solutions as part of the duty to accommodate
Obtain expert opinion or advice where needed, and bear the costs of any required disability-related information or assessment
Maximize a student’s right to privacy and confidentiality, including only sharing information regarding the student’s Code-related needs with those directly involved in the accommodation process
Deal with accommodation requests in a timely manner
Appoint at least one person at the College assigned to facilitate accommodation requests;
Ensure that faculty and staff are knowledgeable about relevant college policies and procedures and familiar with broader issues regarding persons with disabilities
Treat the information obtained as confidential according with the Privacy Act of Ontario.
Responsibilities of Students with Disabilities
Every student with a disability at Canadian Business College who seeks accommodation due to his or her disability has a responsibility to:
Advise the College of the need for accommodation and provide the necessary documentation to the College
Make his/her needs known to the best of his/her ability so that the College may consider the requested accommodation
Answer questions or provide information regarding relevant restrictions or limitations, including information from health care professionals, where appropriate, and as needed
Participate in discussions regarding possible accommodation solutions
Co-operate with any experts whose assistance is required and fulfill, as set out in the accommodation plan all agreed upon responsibilities
Work with the College on an ongoing basis to manage the accommodation process
Advise the College of difficulties he/she may be experiencing in accessing educational life, including problems with arranged accommodations
Feedback process
Students who wish to provide feedback on the way Canadian Business College provides goods and services to people with disabilities can do so in person, by phone, regular mail or by sending an email.
Canadian Business College2 Bloor Street West, 22nd floorToronto, ON M4W-3E2T: 416.925.9929F: 416.925.9220Email:  jkennedy@canadianbusinesscollege.com
All feedback, including complaints are taken very seriously and each one will be reviewed and responded to within 5 business days of receipt. Feedback will be responded to in the format in which the feedback was received. The feedback will only outline actions that are appropriate. Students must provide contact information in order to receive a response.
Modifications to this or other policies
Any policy of Canadian Business College that does not respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities will be modified or removed.
STUDENT SEXUAL VIOLENCE POLICY
POLICY STATEMENT
Canadian Business College is committed to providing its students with an educational environment free from sexual violence or harassment and treating those students who report incidents of sexual violence or harassment with dignity and respect.
This policy applies to all members of the College community including: all employees, students, contractors, suppliers of services, individuals who are directly connected to any College initiatives, volunteers, and visitors.
DEFINITIONS
“Sexual harassment” means:
Unwanted sexual attention of a persistent or abusive nature, made by a person who knows or ought reasonably to know that such attention is unwanted;
The making of an implied or express promise of reward for complying with a sexually oriented request;
The making of an implied or express threat of reprisal, in the form of actual reprisal or the denial of opportunity, for refusal to comply with a sexually oriented request; and/or
Sexually oriented remarks and behaviour which may reasonably be perceived to create a negative psychological and emotional environment for work and study.
“Sexual Violence” means:
Any sexual act or act targeting a person’s sexuality, gender identity or gender expression whether the act is physical or psychological in nature, that is committed, threatened or attempted against a person without the person’s consent, and includes sexual assault, sexual harassment, stalking, indecent exposure, voyeurism and sexual exploitation.
“Respondent” means:
The person against whom a complaint is filed or brought against
“Complainant” means:
The person who makes a complaint
GENERALLY
Canadian Business College is committed to protecting all students and shall take reasonable precautions to prevent sexual harassment and violence at its premises.
In accordance with Bill 132, Sexual Violence and Harassment Action Plan Act, 2016 Canadian Business College will review this policy and amend if applicable at least once every three years and shall ensure that student input is considered.
Canadian Business College is committed to:
Include a copy of the Sexual Violence Policy in every contract made between the College and its students and provide copy of the Sexual Violence Policy to its management (corporate directors, controlling shareholders, owners, partners, other persons who manage or direct the college’s affairs, and their agents), instructors, staff, other employees and contractors and train them about the policy and its processes of reporting , investigating and responding complaints of sexual violence involving its students. (Any company participating in offering student internships on their premises must provide an undertaking in writing that is in compliance with all applicable legislation, including the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Occupational Health and Safety Act and will provide its students access to those policies should they encounter issues relating to sexual violence in the workplace.)
Publish the Sexual Harassment & Violence Policy on the College’s website and have it posted in conspicuous location on each of its Campuses
Provide a Designate responsible for handling Sexual Violence or Harassment complaints
Assist those who have experienced sexual violence by providing detailed information and support, including provision of and/or referral to counselling and medical care, and appropriate academic and other accommodation;
Treat individuals who disclose sexual violence with compassion recognizing that they are the final decision-makers about their own best interests;
Ensure that those who disclose that they have been sexually assaulted are believed, and that their right to dignity and respect is protected throughout the process of disclosure, investigation and institutional response
Keep all personal information, to the extent it is possible, of persons involved in the investigation confidential except in those circumstances where it believes an individual is at imminent risk of self-harm, or of harming another, or there are reasonable grounds to believe that others on the campus or the broader community are at risk.
Inform students of their right not to report an incident of or make a complaint about sexual violence or not request an investigation should they so choose
Ensure fairness and due process while engaging in appropriate procedures for investigation and adjudication of a complaint in accordance with the College policies and standards,
Ensuring coordination and communication among the various departments who are most likely to be involved in the response to sexual violence on campus;
Providing appropriate education and training to the College community about responding to the disclosure of sexual violence on campus
Reporting and Investigating Reports of Sexual Violence
Under this Policy any student of the college may file a report of an incident or a complaint of sexual violence to the Campus Manager/Designate in writing or call 416-925-9929.
upon receipt of a report of an incident or a complaint of alleged sexual violence being made the (College Designate) will respond promptly by:
determining whether an investigation should proceed and whether or not the Complainant wishes to participate in the Investigation
determine who should conduct the investigation based on the seriousness of the allegation i.e. should the incident be referred immediately to police;
Determine what interim measures, if any, need to be taken pending the investigation process, such as removal of the Respondent or seeking alternate methods of providing necessary course studies.
once an investigation is initiated the Complainant and Respondent will be advised that they may ask another person to be present throughout the investigation
the complainant will be interviewed to ensure a complete understanding of the allegation and gathering information that may not have been included in the written complaint i.e. the date and time of the incident, the persons involved, the names of any person who witnessed the incident and a complete description of what occurred;
the respondent will be interviewed, and details will be provided of the allegations raised and the respondent will be given an opportunity to respond to those allegations to provide any witnesses he/she feels are essential to the Investigation;
any person /s that have or may have, knowledge of the incident along with any identified witnesses will be interviewed
reasonable updates will be provided to the complainant and the respondent about the status of the investigation; and
following the investigation, the College will:
review all evidence collected during the investigation
determine whether sexual violence occurred, and if so
determine applicable disciplinary action to be taken, (disciplinary action may include expulsion of student, termination of employment of instructor or staff, placing restrictions on the Respondents ability to access certain College premises or facilities or any other actions appropriate to the circumstances)
Appeals
Should the Complainant or the Respondent not agree with the decision resulting from the investigation, he or she may appeal the decision within 5 days by submitting a letter addressed to the Campus Manager/Designate advising of the person’s intent to appeal the decision.
Making False Statements
It is a violation of this Policy for anyone to knowingly make a false complaint of sexual violence or sexual harassment or to provide false information about a complaint. Individuals who violate this Policy are subject to disciplinary and / or corrective action, up to and including termination of employment or expulsion.
Right to Withdraw a Complaint
A complainant has the right to withdraw a complaint at any stage of the process. However, the College may continue to act on the issue identified in the complaint in order to comply with its obligation under this Policy and/or its legal obligations.
Reprisal
It is a violation of this Policy to retaliate or threaten to retaliate against a complainant who has brought forward a complaint of sexual violence, acting in good faith, who has brought forward a complaint of sexual violence or sexual harassment, provided information related to a complaint, or otherwise been involved in the complaint investigation process.
Multiple Proceedings
Where criminal and/or civil proceedings are commenced in respect of the allegations of sexual violence, the College shall conduct its own independent investigation into such allegations and will make its own determination in accordance with its policies and procedures. Where there is an ongoing criminal investigation, the College will cooperate with the local police.
SEXUAL ASSAULT AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE PROCEDURE
If You Have Experienced Sexual Violence
If you have experienced sexual violence, please call 416-925-9929 x101, and we will assist you by providing all the resources and support you need. If you want to speak to someone directly, please go to your Campus Manager.
Disclosing and reporting incidents of sexual violence is often difficult to do. It is entirely up to you if you choose to report the incident; however, we strongly encourage you to do so.
Please note that you are not required to file a formal complaint to obtain supports, services or appropriate accommodation from the College.
Anyone who has experienced sexual violence has the right to:
be treated with dignity and respect,
be believed,
be informed about on- and off-campus services and resources,
decide whether or not to access available services and to choose those services they feel will be most beneficial,
decide whether to report to campus management and/or local police,
have an on-campus investigation with the institution’s full cooperation,
have a safety plan, and
Have reasonable and necessary actions taken to prevent further unwanted contact with the alleged perpetrator(s).
If You Would like to File a Formal Complaint
Your Campus Manager can also assist you with filing a complaint.
Individuals who have experienced sexual violence may also wish to press charges under the Criminal Code. Your Campus Manager can also assist you with contacting the local Police.
What to Do if You Witnessed Sexual Violence
If you witness sexual violence, please call 416-925-9929 x101, and we will assist you by providing all the resources and necessary support. If you want to speak to someone directly, please go to: your Campus Manager.
If a member of faculty or staff of the College becomes aware of an allegation of sexual violence against a student or another employee of the College, the faculty or staff is required to report the alleged incident immediately.
What to Do if Someone Discloses Allegations of Sexual Violence
If disclosure is made to faculty or staff by a student seeking support or academic accommodation, the faculty or staff should refer the student to the Campus Manager and work with the Campus Manager to ensure that the student receives all necessary academic and other accommodations.
As indicated above, if faculty or staff of the College becomes aware of an allegation of sexual violence against another member of the College community, the faculty or staff is required to report the alleged incident immediately.
How Will the College Respond to a Report of Sexual Violence?
Where a complaint of sexual violence has been reported to the College, the College will exercise care to protect and respect the rights of both the complainant and the respondent. The College understands that individuals who have been the victims of sexual violence may wish to control whether and how their experience will be dealt with by the police and/or the College. In most circumstances, the person will retain this control. However, in certain circumstances, the College may be required to initiate an internal investigation and/or inform the police of the need for a criminal investigation, even without the person’s consent, if the College believes that the safety of other members of the College community is at risk.
A) Where the Respondent is a Student
It is considered a serious offence and will be addressed in a manner which is consistent with other serious offences and procedures set out in this Policy, and/or other College policies.
B) Where the Respondent is a member of Faculty or Staff
Allegations against faculty and staff will be addressed in accordance with the procedures set out in this Policy, and/or other College policies. If the complaint is sustained following an investigation, the College will decide on the appropriate disciplinary actions.
C) Where the Respondent is not a Student, Faculty or Staff
Contractors, suppliers, volunteers or visitors who attend on campus will be subject to complaints if they engage in prohibited conduct. Where a complaint against the respondent is substantiated, the College will take appropriate action.
All contractual relationships entered into by the College will be governed by a standard contract compliance clause stating that contractors must comply with this Policy and the Ontario Human Rights Code, including co-operating in investigations. Breach of the clause may result in penalties, cancellation, or other sanctions.
Resources and Supports Available to You
Region in Ontario
Sexual Assault Centre
24-hr Crisis Line
Office Phone
Algoma
(Sault Ste. Marie)
Women In Crisis Algoma
1-877-759-1230
705-759-1230
Belleville-Quinte
Sexual Assault Centre for Quinte & District
1-877-544-6424
613-967-6300
Brant
Sexual Assault Centre of Brant
519-751-3471
519-751-1164
Bruce County
Women’s House Serving Bruce and Grey: Sexual Assault Services
1-866-578-5566
519-372-1113
Chatham-Kent
Chatham-Kent Sexual Assault Crisis Centre
519-354-8688
519-354-8908
Cornwall
Sexual Assault Support Services for Women, Cornwall
English: 613-932-1603
French: 613-932-1705
613-932-1755
East Algoma (Elliot Lake)
Counselling Centre of East Algoma
1-800-721-0077
705-848-2585
Guelph-Wellington
Guelph-Wellington Women in Crisis
519-836-5710
1-800-265-7233
519-836-1110
Halton (Oakville)
Sexual Assault & Violence Intervention Services of Halton
905-875-1555
906-825-3622
Hamilton
Sexual Assault Centre Hamilton & Area (SACHA)
905-525-4162
905-525-4573
Kawartha (Peterborough & Area)
Kawartha Sexual Assault Centre
705-741-0260
705-748-5901
Kenora
Kenora Sexual Assault Centre
807-468-7233
1-800-565-
6161
807-468-7958
Kingston
Sexual Assault  Centre Kingston
613-544-6424
1-877-544-6424
613-545-0762
Waterloo
Sexual Assault Support Centre of Waterloo Region
519-741-8633
519-571-0121
London-Middlesex
Sexual Assault Centre London
519-438-2272
1-877-529-2272
519-439-0844
Muskoka
Athena’s Sexual Assault Counselling & Advocacy Centre
705-737-2008
1-800-987-0799
705-737-2884
Niagara
Niagara Region Sexual Assault Centre
905-682-4584
905-682-7258
Nipissing
Amelia Rising Sexual Assault Centre of Nipissing
705-476-3355
705-840-2403
Oshawa-Durham
Oshawa-Durham Rape Crisis Centre
905-668-9200
905-444-9672
Ottawa SASC
Sexual Assault Support Centre of Ottawa
613-234-2266
613-725-2160
Ottawa RCC
Ottawa Rape Crisis Centre
613-562-2333
613-562-2334
Peel
Hope 24/7: Sexual Assault Centre of Peel
1-800-810-0180
905-792-0821
Renfrew Region in Ontario
Women’s Sexual Assault Centre of Renfrew County
1-800-663-3060
613-735 – 5551
Sarnia-Lambton
Sexual Assault Survivors’ Centre Sarnia- Lambton
519-337-3320
519-337-3154
Sudbury
Voices for Women
705-523-7100
ext. 2647
Thunder Bay
Thunder Bay Sexual Abuse & Sexual Assault Counselling & Crisis Centre
807-344-4502
807-345-0894
Timmins
Timmins and Area Women in Crisis
1-877-268-8380
705-268-8381
Toronto
Multicultural Women Against Rape/Toronto Rape Crisis Centre
(416) 597-8808
416-597-1171
Windsor-Essex
Sexual Assault Crisis Centre of Essex County
519-253-9667
519-253-3100
York
Women’s Support Network of York Region
1-800-263-6734
905-895-7313
905-895-3646
Services in GTA:
Emergency Services (Police, Ambulance, Fire) dial 911
Women’s College Hospital Sexual Assault / Domestic Violence : 416.323.6040 Toronto Rape Crisis Centre : 597.8808
YWCA Toronto 416-497-7151 ext. 266: Healing from Violence and Trauma Groups
The Gatehouse (in case there are historical issues of childhood sexual abuse that compound a recent incident) 416-255-5900
Tropicana Community Services (Counselling for the Black Community) 416-439-9009 Scarborough Hospital Sexual Assault/Domestic Violence Care Centre 416-495-2555
Barbara Schlifer Commemorative Clinic (Counselling and legal support): 416-323-9149 Assaulted Women’s Helpline: 1.866.863.0511
Support Services for Male Survivors of Sexual Abuse: 1-866-887-0015 211 (information and referral line)
Anishnawbe Health: 416-891-8606
Toronto Family Services Association: 416-595-9618 Distress Line: 416-408-4357
David Kelly Services (LGBTQ): 416-595-9618
519 Church Street Community Centre (LGBTQ Counselling and Legal Support): 416-392-6874 LGBTQ Youthline: 1-800-268-9688
Gerstein 24 hour Crisis Line: 416-929-5200
AODA COMPLIANCE POLICY
The following chart outlines the College’s obligations under Reg. 191/11,
GENERAL (PART I)
Establishment of Accessibility Policies (3)
Develop, implement and maintain policies governing how the organization achieves or will achieve accessibility through meeting its requirements referred to in the Regulation.
Include a statement of organizational commitment to meet the accessibility needs of persons with disabilities in a timely manner in their policies.
Prepare one or more written documents describing its policies; and make the documents publicly available, and provide them in an accessible format upon request.
ACTION
Policy to incorporate new requirements. Incorporate requirements into other policies and procedures as required.
Will be embedded in the policy.
Policy will be posted on the external web site.  Policy will be available in alternate formats on request.
STATUS/DEADLINE
Complete
Complete
Complete
Accessibility Plans
Establish, implement, maintain and document a multi-year accessibility plan which outlines the organization’s strategy to prevent and remove barriers and meet its requirements under the Regulation.
Post the accessibility plan on their website and provide the plan in an accessible format upon request.
Review and update the accessibility plan at least once every five years.
Prepare an annual status report on the progress of measures taken to implement the accessibility plan.
Accessibility plan will be completed and updated as new information becomes available.
The plan will be posted on the external web site and will be provided in accessible formats upon request.
The plan will be reviewed annually, and a new plan will be posted every 5 years.
Complete
Complete
Complete
Training
Ensure that training is provided on the requirements of the accessibility standards referred to in the regulation and on the Human Rights Code as it pertains to persons with disabilities to all employees, and volunteers; all persons who participate in developing the organization’s policies, and all other persons who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of the organization.
Keep a record of the training, including dates, and the number of individuals trained.
Training will be incorporated into new hire orientation.  Existing employees will be required to complete the training.
Employees will be required to acknowledge that they have completed the training and all records will be kept.
Complete
Complete
INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS STANDARDS (PART II)
Feedback
Ensure that the processes for receiving and responding to feedback are accessible to persons with disabilities by providing or arranging for the provision of accessible formats and communications supports, upon request.
Notify the public about the availability of accessible formats and communications supports.
Accessible Formats and Communication Supports
Provide or arrange for the provision of accessible formats and communication supports for persons with disabilities.
Emergency Procedure, Plans or Public Safety Information
Provide the information in an accessible format or with appropriate communication supports, as soon as practicable, upon request.
Accessible Websites and Web Content
Make internet websites and web content conform with the World Wide Web Consortium Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, initially at Level A and increasing to Level AA
New internet websites and web content conform with WCAG 2.0 Level A*
All internet websites and web content conform with WCAG 2.0 Level AA
*This section applies to web content published on a website after Jan 1, 2012*
When requested feedback processes will be made available in accessible formats.
The public will be notified of the availability of these alternatives.
The request will be documented, and the format required confirmed.
Marketing and IT will be notified of the requirement and an implementation plan developed
Complete
Complete
Complete
Ongoing
Ongoing
Educational and Training Resources and Materials
Provide educational or training resources or materials in an accessible format that takes into account the accessibility needs due to a disability of the person with a disability to whom the material is to be provided, if notification of need is given.
Provide student records and information on program requirements, availability and descriptions in an accessible format to persons with disabilities.
Identify educational and training materials and source accessible materials upon request.
Ensure alternative formats are available.
Ongoing
Ongoing
Training to Educators
Provide educators with accessibility awareness training related to accessible program or course delivery and instruction.
Keep a record of the training including the dates and the number of individuals trained.
All faculty will complete the AODA specific training to educating in the classroom.
Faculty will be required to acknowledge that they have completed the training and all records will be kept.
Complete
Complete
Producers of Educational or Training Material
Make accessible or conversion ready versions , upon request:
·         textbooks
·         supplementary learning resources
Libraries of Educational and Training Institutions
Provide, procure or acquire by other means an accessible or conversion ready format of print, digital or multimedia resources or materials for a person with a disability, upon request:
·         print based resources or materials
·         digital or multimedia resources or materials
EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS (PART III)
Recruitment
Notify employees and the public about the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment process.
Inform employees of policies used to support employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, policies on the provision of job accommodations that take into account an employee’s accessibility needs due to disability.
Accessible Formats and Communication Supports for Employees
Consult with employees with disabilities, if requested, to provide or arrange for the provision of accessible formats and communication supports for information that is needed to perform the employee’s job.
Workplace Emergency Response Information
Provide individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability, if the disability is such that the individualized information is necessary and the employer is aware of the need for accommodation due to the employee’s disability.
Documented Individual Accommodation Plans
Develop and have in place a written process for the development of documented individual accommodation plans for employees with disabilities.
Return to Work Process
Have in place a return to work process for employees who have been absent from work due to a disability and require disability-related accommodations in order to return to work.
Performance Management
Take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities, as well as individual accommodation plans, when using performance management process in respect of employees with disabilities.
Development and Advancement
Take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities, as well as any individual accommodation plans, when providing career development and advancement to employees with disabilities.
Redeployment
Take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities, as well as individual accommodation plans, when redeploying employees with disabilities.
Resources will be made available upon request.
Availability of accommodation will be on all job postings.
All employees will receive the Accessibility and Accommodations Policy and Procedures upon hire.
Process will be developed and implemented.
Individualized workplace emergency plans will be assigned to those with an identified need.
The accessibility and accommodations process identifies the written process for individuals requiring an accommodation plan.  The process will be reviewed annually.
Return to work processes are provided to individuals based on their disability, work requirements and physician documentation.
Review existing process to incorporate AODA requirements.
Review existing process to incorporate AODA requirements.
Review existing process and revise to incorporate AODA requirements.
Ongoing
Complete
Ongoing
Ongoing
Ongoing
Ongoing
Complete
Complete
Complete
Complete
About Us
Success Stories
Blog
Programs
Business Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administrator
Business Management
Community Service Programs
Community Services Worker
Early Childcare Assistant
Healthcare Programs
Medical & Health Administration
Personal Support Worker
IT Programs
Advanced Database Administrator
Database Administrator
Full Stack Software Development
Network Engineer
Network Engineering
Software Engineering
Law Programs
Law Clerk
Police Foundations
Marketing Programs
Digital Media & Web Design
Marketing & Digital Media
Admissions
Financial Aid
International
Career Services
Locations
Toronto Campus
Scarborough Campus
Mississauga Campus
ENROLL TODAY