https://carolinaperformingarts.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Carolina Performing Arts Privacy Policy
Carolinaperformingarts.org is the website of Carolina Performing Arts, based in Chapel Hill, NC. The primary purpose of our website is providing information regarding Carolina Performing Arts, not to gather personal information. We do, however, gather some information that is described below. We currently collect a limited amount of general information from you and only the minimum amount of information necessary to maximize our information services to our website users.
Because Carolina Performing Arts is affiliated with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the box office system and patron service software we use is a shared University resource. The system is shared by three University parties: Carolina Performing Arts, and Playmakers Repertory Company. Each of these has limited access to accounts originating at the others. We will not provide any of your personal information collected by our website to any outside person or company unless we receive your prior express consent. We are committed to maintaining the highest level of privacy practical.
The following information describes the information we collect, our privacy policy and the steps we take to protect your personal information. If you have any question about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Information Gathered
Your computer communicates with our website using a particular Internet Protocol Address (IP). Like most sites, we can track the user?s IP when visiting the site. The IP allows us to track for each user the IP, the browser type, the part of the world from which the user is connecting and the identity of the user?s Internet service provider. However, the IP does not provide any personally identifiable information and allows the user to remain anonymous. This information helps us to improve site navigation and to make improvements to the site and content.
Please be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information over the Internet, personal or otherwise, the information is subject to review and collection by unintended third parties. For example, if you email us, it might be possible for other unintended readers to read the contents of your email. We have no means to control this.
How We Use Collected Information
We record IP addresses for systems administration purposes to obtain data for technical analysis to improve the performance of the website.
All communications from you to the website are indexed for technical reasons. For example, it you summit a helpful comment, we keep a record of the information for use by our developers and managers to improve the site.
A copy of most messages sent by email is forwarded to our confidential archives, where developers and managers can use the information to make system improvements on a confidential basis and solely for internal purposes and to monitor traffic flow and user satisfaction.
When we collect personal information on the order forms, the information is used solely to facilitate the purchase transaction. We follow strict procedures to exchange the necessary payment information with the appropriate financial organizations.
Our Cookies
Your browser offers so-called “cookies” which — if you allow their use — store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our website. Cookies assist us in tracking which of the website features you like best. However, cookies do not disclose any personal information.
Third Party Cookies
Third party sites hyperlinked from the Center may contain cookies that are collected by the third party site owner. These cookies are beyond our control and we do not have access to this information. However, these cookies do not provide personal information about you.
Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites
Our website contains a number of hyperlinks to the sites of third parties. These hyperlinks are provided as a service to our customers for informational purposes only. However, the privacy policies of these third party sites such as the types of information collected and the use of the collected information is unknown to and beyond our control.
Changes and Modifications
In order to improve the level of customer service and to enhance the site over time, we reserve the right to change and modify the Privacy Policy at anytime in the future by posting a revised policy on our website. Furthermore, nothing in this Privacy Policy is designed to protect the privacy of visitors whose use of the website is, in the reasonable judgment of Carolina Performing Arts, intended for illegal, improper or abusive purposes or for purposes of marketing or solicitation, or would violate any other terms and conditions relating to use of the website.
Security
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server for the transfer of data. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at CPAtixquestions@unc.edu.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Sign Up