http://case.edu/utech/policies/legal-privacy-notice/
Skip to main content
Go to case.edu
University Technology, [U]Tech
Search
Home
Departments
Information Security
Policies
Legal Privacy Notice
Departments
Client Experience
Finance and Administration
Information Security
Information Security News
Policies
I-1 Acceptable Use of Information Technology Policy (AUP)
I-2 SSN Use Policy
I-3 Information Technology Staffing Policy
I-4 Information Technology Hardware Acquisition
Legal Privacy Notice
II-1a Identity Management for Temporary and Non-CWRU Employees
II-2 Network ID and Account Expiration Policy
II-2a Alumni Email Account Policy
II-3 Network Protocols and Use Policy
II-3b Early Account Closure Procedure
II-4 PCI-DSS Compliance
II-4a PCI-DSS Technical Standards
II-5 Copyright Notification Standard
II-6 Network Defense Policy
II-7 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Compliance
III-1 Information Types and Sensitivity
III-1a Risk Management Procedure and Assessment
III-b Risk Management Plan
III-1c Controls- Protecting Public Information
III-1d Controls- Protecting Internal Use Information Systems
III-1e Controls- Restricted Information: Case Information Security Requirements for Restricted Information
III-1f PHI Standards to Augment Tier III Controls: Clinical Research Data
III-1g Email Retention Policy
III-1h eDiscovery Legal Hold Procedure
III-1i Sanctioned Use of Google Apps for Education
III-2 CWRU UTech Passphrase Change Policy
III-3a CWRU Quarantine Procedures and Return to Service Fees Overview
III-4 Surplus IT & Computer Equipment Reuse Policy
III-5 Use of Encryption Certificates for CWRU Online Services
III-5a Media Sanitization Procedure
III-5b Mobile Device Configuration Standards
III-7 University Logon Banner Standard
Public Information Examples
Internal Use Only Information Types
Restricted Information Examples
Security Training
Tools and Services
LastPass Password Management Software
Duo Security: Two-Factor Authentication
Information Security Instructional Videos
Identify Insecure Websites Following Google Chrome Update
Phishing: What to Do
Smart Phone Security
Information Security FAQs
Research Computing and Infrastructure Services
Teaching and Learning Technologies
Legal Privacy Notice
(updated February 3, 2017)
Please read these "Terms of Use" (Terms) carefully before accessing or participating in any chat room, newsgroup, bulletin board, mailing list, website, transaction or other on-line forum available at case.edu or other Case Western Reserve University site (Site or Sites).
You agree to use Sites in accordance with all applicable laws and CWRU's "Acceptable Use of Computing and Information Technology Resources" policy: Acceptable Use Policy.
When using other CWRU related forums, such as BlackBoard, wikis, blogs or other bulletin boards, you also agree to adhere to CWRU’s "Forum Rules and Policies".
CWRU maintains a separate policy disclosing the privacy practices for most websites within the case.edu/cwru.edu domain. Specific sites within the case.edu domain may have different privacy practices. If applicable, consult the privacy statement on each page. Review that statement at case.edu/privacy-statement/.
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Although every effort is made to secure network communications, CWRU cannot ensure the privacy of online communications. Individuals using online services should take steps to protect personal information, such as closing the web browser when finished using the site. Failure to do so may result in personal information being viewed by someone else using the same computer.
CWRU accepts credit card payments online for a variety of goods and services. Unless otherwise noted on the site, all University credit card transactions are encrypted. Sensitive information entered to complete a transaction will not be used by CWRU for any other purpose unless the purpose is described on the site. If you are under 18, you may purchase products or services only through a parent or guardian. You agree that billing and registration information that you provide on the Sites will be accurate and complete. CWRU and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion
CWRU owns all University-purchased computers, network infrastructure and software assets, including e-mail, Internet access, data, documents, software residing on its systems, etc. In order to protect information resources and the rights and privileges of CWRU faculty, staff and students, CWRU reserves the right to monitor these systems to insure that they are not used in a way that damages CWRU, its students or employees. Although CWRU does not monitor the content of the Sites, CWRU has the right to remove material from the Sites, block access, or take other action with respect to the material in its sole discretion, although CWRU is under no obligation to do so.
CWRU has the right to obtain and search all computer/IT resources located on campus and connected to the CWRU network infrastructure if there is a reasonable suspicion that those resources are being used in violation of university policy. This includes personally owned or grant purchased computer/IT resources.
THESE SITES AND ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR USE OF A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
CWRU makes no representation regarding your ability to transmit and receive information from or through the Sites and you agree and acknowledge that your ability to access the Sites may be impaired. CWRU disclaims any and all liability resulting from or related to such events.
You agree to indemnify and hold CWRU harmless from any claims, losses or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these terms, your use of a Site or your placement of any content onto a Site, and to fully cooperate in CWRU's defense against any such claims.
CWRU reserves the right to modify these terms at any time and will publish notice of any such modifications on-line at this site or elsewhere on-line.
By using and participating in these sites, you signify that you have read these Terms and agree to be bound by and comply with them. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please promptly exit all sites.