https://cbssearch.net/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
College Bound Selection Service (“We,” “Our,” “CBSS”) provides a variety of data marketing and consumer analytics products (the “Services”) designed to help for-profit and not-profit organizations (in particular those involved in educational service, including colleges and universities) market to homes with students and prospective students.  Our solutions, many of which are described on this website, are used through direct mail, email, online and other marketing channels.
We take very seriously the privacy interests of the individuals whose information we handle and maintain in our database, in particular students and their families.  We provide this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we use and manage information, and what rights consumers have to control how their information is used in marketing.
We also operate corporate websites, designed for our own customers and prospective customers, and others who want to learn about our services.  We address the information we collect and use for those “business to business” purposes in Section 6 of this Privacy Policy.
Information That We Collect and Use in Our Services
In order to provide our Services, we receive data, including personal information, from a variety of sources, including from students and their families (e.g., when they fill out surveys regarding college interests), websites that collect similar information, and other data compilers.  We also obtain data through public sources, such as from public colleges and universities.  We refer to the information that we collect and process throughout this Privacy Policy  as “Information” or “the Information.”
The Information often includes various identifying and demographic information about individuals, including students and households with students in them.  It often includes personal attributes such as name, gender, age, and contact information.  It may also include information such as:
Academic and athletic interests and achievements, and GPA or GPA range;
High school or college/university of attendance, type of institution, and (where applicable) academic major;
Career interests and hobbies;
Financial information such as household income range (e.g., for purposes of grant and aid opportunities).
CBSS also receives information through this website (and any other website we operate).   We describe this information in Section 6.
2. How We Use the Information
CBSS uses the Information for various purposes, including the following.
As Part of Our Services:
Data Marketing Services.Our Services include providing marketing information to our customers, generally regarding which customers or prospective customers are most likely to be interested (or disinterested) in certain offers.   Similarly, we help our customers identify and understand their customers better, by providing insights about them.   Our customers include (but are not limited to) numerous colleges and universities, and services that support college admissions.  (We also may provide information on a pro bono basis to certain non-profits to whom we do not charge a fee.)   For instance, a university that has a particular type of grant or scholarship, or is seeking to increase diversity, might use our Information to target its marketing in a way that is efficient more consumer-friendly We seek to only work with marketers who market goods appropriate to the student population, and not “vice” or other inappropriate services.
Online Targeting. We sometimes create defined audience segments (“Audience Segments”) based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  When we do this, we work with a data partner that  “matches” our Information through de-identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers, in order to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.  You may learn more about how to opt out of this and other online ad targeting in Section 4.
Additional Marketing Services.Other Services we may sometimes provide to our customers (or that they may provide to their own customers), which may overlap with or supplement the above, may involve (a) assistance in targeting and optimizing of direct mail and email campaigns, display, mobile and social media marketing; (b) measuring the effectiveness of online or offline ad campaigns by determining which messages are most likely to be seen or opened by which types of consumers, or which types of ads are most likely to lead to purchases; (c) analyzing and optimizing our customers’ (or their service providers’) proprietary databases, or helping customers to identify and mitigate potential fraud; or (d) providing “verification” or data “hygiene” services, which is how companies update and/or “clean” their databases by either verifying or removing or correcting old, incorrect or outdated information.
To Operate Our Services
We also use the Information for solely internal purposes – such as to improve, test, update and verify our own database, develop new products, and generally to operate, analyze improve and secure our Services and secure and test our databases and servers.
How We Share Information with Third Parties
CBSS may share the Information with customers, marketing services and platforms, and service providers that we retain, in order to provide the Services we have described above (or other services we may add) and as described below  This includes the below sharing:
Customers:As described above, we license the Information in various ways to our customers (and something to partners and resellers, who license the Information to their customer), when we provide our Services.
Partners:We also may share the Information, including personally identifiable information and Audience Segments, with business and data partners to help provide more tailored targeted marketing, advertising and communications. Likewise, we may do so for analytical purposes, including to help these other parties measure campaign performance, inform future campaigns, or to handle, analyze, or segregate this Information on our or our customers’ behalf.
Service Providers: We share the Information with a variety of service providers in order to operate, protect and advertise our Services and maintain our website(s).  For instance, we may share the Information with tech and customer support providers, marketing and advertising providers, other data providers (such as to enhance or verify our Information), security vendors, payment vendors (as to our business to business information), and other companies help us deliver or develop Services.
Corporate transfers:If CBSS, its stock or its significant assets are acquired by or merged into another entity, our information will be transferred to that entity, and may be shared during due diligence in anticipation of any such transaction.
Affiliates, parent companies and subsidiaries:CBSS may share some or all of the Information in our possession with any affiliated or subsidiary companies (if we ever have any).
As required by law or to protect any person or entity:CBSS may disclose Information if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply in good faith with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect or otherwise defend the rights, property or safety of CBSS, our customers, or any other person or entity.
Your Marketing and Opt-Out Choices
There are multiple ways that you can opt-out of having the Information used to market to you:
First, you may contact us directly at privacy@cbssearch.net in order to have your name removed from our database.  When you do this, please provide your current address, your email address, and any prior home or email addresses you would like “opted out” of our marketing databases.   Or if you prefer, you can contact us directly by mail, at:
College Bound Selection Service
Attn:  Privacy
118 Congress St.Belton, MO 64012
Email: privacy@cbssearch.net
We will then in most cases remove your personal information from our active marketing databases within ten (10) business days, from the time we received the opt-out request.
If you would like to opt-out of direct mail advertising in general, we recommend that you visit the DMA Choice website, at org. The DMA Choice service is run by the Direct Marketing Association and allows you to follow few easy steps to ensure that your marketing preferences are honored.
If you wish to opt out of online targeted ads (sometimes referred to as “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising), you can also visit the opt-out portals operated the industry groups the National Advertising Initiative(NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and you can learn more about how those opt-outs work on those linked web pages. Please note that these online opt-outs are cookie-based (unlike ASL’s direct opt-out.  Thus, if you browse the web from multiple browsers or devices, you will need to opt out from each browser and/or device, and for the same reason, if you change browsers or clear your browser cookie cache, you will need to perform this opt-out function again.  Opting-out in this way will not prevent you from seeing all types of online ads; it generally will prevent targeted ads customized to what advertisers think may be most likely to be relevant and of interest to you.
If we market to you by email, in our corporate capacity – such as if you are a customer or prospective customer of ours and we send information about our Services — you may “unsubscribe” from our marketing emails through a link placed in your emails.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies and How We Use Them
CBSS and its business partners use certain industry-standard technologies, including cookies and similarly functional technologies, which we describe below.   (We use these technologies on our website, for instance, and our partners may  use these technologies in their own marketing services.)
We may work with third parties to provide or enhance our services (e.g. for purposes of tailoring ads, or placing browser cookies), or to offer marketers ways to access or use our Information, often in de-identified form.   These partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your device, which may have cookies with varying expiration periods. Those partners may, likewise, collect various types of information about your browser, device, or browsing activities through use of these cookies.
Cookies, in turn, are small data files that contain a string of characters, such as a  unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as tags that identify your device. Our (or other companies’) servers send your device a cookie when you visit a website. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages.  When you access web pages (such as the website of a marketer), pixel tags may generate a generic notice of the visit and permit our partners (or sometimes, us) to read the cookies that a respective company or server has deployed.  Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a site by a particular device.  When you turn off cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given  website visit.
We or our service providers, and other online marketing platforms that we or they work with, may use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, determine visitor patterns and trends, collect information about your activities on our clients’ sites, or interact with the advertising you see.   Cookies are used in this way to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant communications with ads that better match your interests.
Disabling Cookies
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our website and other services may be difficult to use or become inoperable.
Data Collected Through Our Corporate Website
Information Collected
CBSS collects information from users of our website(s) (including any page on which this Privacy Policy is posted), including:
The domain name and IP address of a user’s web browser, along with a time stamp and other information about a user’s browser or device.
Information about what content and pages users access, utilize or visit on our website, or how they interact with our content – for instance, if they spent a certain amount of time reviewing a particular blog post or description of particular services.
Information, including personally identifiable and contact information that you provide, which could include (for instance) survey information, sign-up information (e.g., if you sign up for events or newsletters), requests for information, mailing addresses and email addresses.
How CBSS uses the Information We Collect Through Our Website
We use the Information we collect through our website(s) to do the following:
Create and manage your unique user account.
Provide Services to you.
Respond to and communicate with you (including regarding news and updates about our services).
Send you offers and ads for our products and services, when you browse the website(s) or other companies’ websites on the Internet (such as to “retarget” you with information about our services).
Send you offers and ads for products and services of partner brands, or other offers we believe may be of interest to you, such as invitations to events and webinars.
Perform data analysis (including market research).
We may combine the Information with other information we obtain from third parties, publicly available sources, and any other product or service we provide to further improve the relevance and effectiveness of products, and advertisements offered, including (but not limited to), those provided on or through our services.
We may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our website(s). We also may use IP addresses to help identify visitors to our website(s) for the duration of a session and to gather demographic information about our visitors. We may use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on each web page of our website(s), how visitors navigate through the website(s), and how we may tailor our website(s) to better meet the needs of our visitors. We also use this Information for compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures, including the enforcement of our Terms and Conditions.
If we collect Information from “offline” sources – such as if you provide us your business card at a trade show – we will maintain that information and use it for marketing and business purposes, as well.
How CBSS Shares the Information We Collect Through Our Websites
We may sometimes share or otherwise disclose the Information we collect about you, as described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you when you provide us with the information, including as follows:
We may share the Information with service providers who help us deliver the services you request or we provide. For instance, we share the Information with tech and customer support providers, marketing and advertising providers, other data providers (such as to enhance or verify our Information), security vendors, payment vendors (as to our business to business information), and other companies help us deliver or develop Services.
We may share the Information to communicate with you and market to you, including through email, direct mail or display media.
We will disclose your PII (or other Information) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to protect the rights, safety or property of ourselves or any person or entity. We may also cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any official investigation and we may disclose any Information to the requesting agency in doing so.
If we or all or substantially all of our assets, are purchased by another company (such as in a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of stock and/or assets, or other corporate change or financing transaction), the Information in our possession will likely be transferred to the successor entity. We also may share the Information during the course of any due diligence process.
Our website(s) use cookies and similar technologies, both for its internal and operational purposes and to market to you (such as to retarget ads to you when you visit other sites across the Internet).
Links
This website may provide links to other websites that CBSS thinks users will find interesting or useful. CBSS is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites or companies.
Security and Data Integrity
CBSS takes steps to help ensure that the data we possess is housed and transmitted securely. This may include various types of physical and electronic security, including firewall protections, encryption, hashing or truncation of data, and access controls to personal information.  While neither we nor any platform can guarantee 100 percent safety from hacks or illegal intrusion, we employ efforts that are designed to ensure that this does not occur.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy.  Any changes to it will become effective when it is posted to our website.  Please check back to learn of any changes to this Privacy Policy
Storage of Information in the United States
If you are accessing our website from a location outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States and all Information you provide will likely be processed and securely maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States.  (We likewise generally store the Information used in our Services in the United States.)   Thus, you should be aware that in accessing this website or otherwise communicating with us, the information we collect or receive from you may be subject to laws with lesser or different privacy standards than those in your own country (such as if you are in a country located in the European Union).
Contact Us
CBSS has a designated privacy contact.  If you have questions related to this Privacy Policy, or regarding our products or services, please contact us:
Privacy Officer
c/o CBSS
500 Bi County Boulevard, Suite 460
Farmingdale, NY 11735
Email: privacy.officer@ASL.com
We appreciate your comments and questions regarding CBSS’s privacy practices.
Last updated:  November 8, 2019
Get Started with Digital Ads Today
Name
Email Address
Message
Number