http://cecourses.org/about/agreement/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice | Nursing Continuing Education CEU
Nursing Continuing Education CEU
Klimes Institute: Convenient Quality Health, Ethics, & Statistics CE coures 3hr/$21
Menu
HomeEthics
Courses in Professional Ethics
Professional Ethics 30h
Professional Ethics Exam
Ethical Choices
Ethical Choices Exam
Ethical Problems
Ethical Problems Exam
Health Care Ethics
Health Care Ethics Exam
Social Ethics
Social Ethics Exam
Global Ethics
Global Ethics Exam
Business Ethics
Business Ethics Exam
Reality Ethics
Reality Ethics Exam
Ethical Dilemmas
Ethical Dilemmas Exam
Transparency Ethics
Transparency Ethics Exam
Ethics of Disclosure
Ethics of Disclosure Exam
Courses in Care Ethics
Care Ethics 30h
Care Ethics Exam
Ethical Care
Ethical Care Exam
Research Ethics
Research Ethics Exam
Palliative Ethics
Palliative Ethics Exam
Political Ethics
Political Ethics Exam
Codes of Ethics
Code of Ethics Exam
Character Education
Character Education Exam
Golden Rule Ethics
Golden Rule Ethics Exam
Conflict of Interest
Conflict of Interest Exam
Free to Forgive
Free to Forgive Exam
Critical Thinking
Critical Thinking Exam
Statistics
Statistics 101
Statistics 101 Exam
Statistics 201
Statistics 201 Exam
Biostat 103
Drug Abuse
Drug Abuse Prevention 30h
Drug Abuse Prevention Exam
Improving My Wellness
Improving my Wellness Exam
Tobacco Prevention
Tobacco Prevention Exam
Smoke-free in 3 Weeks
Smoke Free in 3 Weeks Exam
Preventing Drug Abuse
Preventing Drug Abuse Exam
Alcohol Problems
Alcohol Problems Exam
Marijuana Impact
Marijuana Impact Exam
Help with Addiction
Help with Addiction Exam
Prevention Values
Prevention Values Exam
DrugFree Kids
Drug Free Kids Exam
Spiritual Health
Spiritual Health Exam
Synthetic Drugs
End of Life Care
End of Life Nursing 30h
End of Life Nursing Exam
End- of- Life-Health-Care
End of Life Health Care Exam
End of Life Palliative Services
End of Life Palliative Services Exam
End of Life Ethics
End of Life Ethics Exam
Spiritual Care: Help in Distress
Spiritual Care: Help in Distress Exam
Alzheimer’s Disease Prevention
Alzheimer Disease Prevention Exam
Aging Safely Self-care
Aging Safely: Self Care Exam
Aging Well: Combating Changes
Aging Well: Combating Changes Exam
Nursing Ethics
Nursing Ethics Exam
Advance Directives
Advance Directives Exam
Preventive Care
Prevention of Disease 30h
Preventive Care Exam
Preventing Medical Errors
Preventing Medical Errors Exam
Preventing Medication Errors
Preventing Medication Errors Exam
Sexual Harassment Prevention
Sexual Harassment Prevention Exam
Anger Management
Anger Management Exam
Preventable Global Mortality
Preventing Global Mortality Exam
Disease Prevention
Disease Prevention Exam
Preventive Hand Hygiene
Preventive Hand Hygiene Exam
Preventive Ethics
Preventive Ethics Exam
Food for Health
Food for Health Exam
Stress Relief
Stress Relief Exam
…More
Emergency Preparedness 3hr/$21
Emergency Preparedness Exam
Preventing Falls, 3hr/$21
Preventing Falls Exam
Time Management, 3hr/$21
Time Management Exam
Help in Depression 3hr/$21
Help in Depression Exam
Deep Learning, 3hr/$21
Deep Learning Exam
Parkinson’s & Exercise, 3hr/$21
Parkinson’s Disease and Exercise Exam
Peripheral Neuropathy 3hr/$21
Peripheral Neuropathy Exam
All 30 Hour Courses
Relaxation Therapy, 3hr/$21
Relaxation Therapy Exam
Health in Context 3hr/$21
Health in Context: Global Health Literacy Exam
Ethics of Hospital Acquired Infections, 3hr/$21
Ethics of Hospital Acquired Infections (HAIs) Exam
About…
Agreement
Privacy Notice
Terms and Conditions
Klimes Institute Report
Printing Your Certificate(s)
Klimes
Privacy Notice
CE Courses LLC, doing business as Klimes Institute, is committed to the confidentiality and trust with respect to the privacy of the personal information that we collect from you. Please read the following to understand privacy practices.
While on our sites, you may voluntarily provide information to Klimes Institute to utilize our continuing education services. The types of personal information collected may include:
Contact details including name, email address, physical address, and telephone number:
Usernames and passwords
Educational and professional background information
Payment information
Comments, posts and other content you submit
Communication preferences
Klimes Institute also collects and store information through a variety of automatic technologies, such as cookies (small text files sent to your computer), web beacons (clear or single pixel.gifs) and other technologies. The information collected from these automatic technologies is used to monitor usage and enhance the performance of the Service and is not shared or sold for commercial purposes. The information may be shared to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Service, or as required by law.
When we request information from you on the Site, you may always choose to decline, but in doing so, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Site. You can control cookies through browser settings or other tools, but if you block certain cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or make use of the full Service.
To administer the service, Klimes Institute may contract with third party affiliates and include links to other websites. Credit or debit card information to complete a transaction from our Service, may be collected directly by a payment processor and/or a fulfillment company on our behalf, but Klimes Institute does not record or store credit or debit card information. In cases where our provider partner may collect information from you directly, their Privacy Notice may apply to their use of your information. The Privacy Notice of our provider partner may differ from ours, and you should contact the provider partner for additional information.
All information gathered on our Site is stored within databases which only we and services provider are provided access. However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our Site’s servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us.
If you have any questions regarding the Klimes Institute Privacy Notice please contact support@cecourses.org for additional information.
Klimes Institute may change this Privacy Notice from time to time and any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date.
Last Revised: 3/1/2018
Like this:Like Loading...
Need Support/Help? If you need help, have issues or have any questions, please email support@cecourses.org
Continuing Education for Nurses Klimes Institute provides easy to use, inexpensive, online Continuing Education courses 24/7/365 for Nurses and Healthcare Professionals.
California Board of Registered Nursing Approval Klimes Institute is approved as a CE provider by:
The California Board of Registered Nursing CEP 16854
Search
Top Posts & Pages
Statistics 101
Klimes Institute
Preventing Medication Errors
Courses in Professional Ethics
Ethics
Ethics of Disclosure
Statistics
Ethical Choices
Help with Addiction
Golden Rule Ethics
Deep Learning Learn beyond the minimum test requirements. Go deeper:
D. DEVELOP practical applications for your work
E. EXAMINE your priorities in that area
E. EDUCATE a colleague in your new skills
P. PREPARE your heart for wisdom
Copyright 1994-2020 by R. Klimes, PhD, MPH
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
%d bloggers like this: