http://cecourses.org/about/agreement/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Nursing Continuing Education CEU
Nursing Continuing Education CEU
Klimes Institute: Convenient Quality Health, Ethics, & Statistics CE coures 3hr/$21
Menu
HomeEthics
Courses in Professional Ethics
Professional Ethics 30h
Professional Ethics Exam
Ethical Choices
Ethical Choices Exam
Ethical Problems
Ethical Problems Exam
Health Care Ethics
Health Care Ethics Exam
Social Ethics
Social Ethics Exam
Global Ethics
Global Ethics Exam
Business Ethics
Business Ethics Exam
Reality Ethics
Reality Ethics Exam
Ethical Dilemmas
Ethical Dilemmas Exam
Transparency Ethics
Transparency Ethics Exam
Ethics of Disclosure
Ethics of Disclosure Exam
Courses in Care Ethics
Care Ethics 30h
Care Ethics Exam
Ethical Care
Ethical Care Exam
Research Ethics
Research Ethics Exam
Palliative Ethics
Palliative Ethics Exam
Political Ethics
Political Ethics Exam
Codes of Ethics
Code of Ethics Exam
Character Education
Character Education Exam
Golden Rule Ethics
Golden Rule Ethics Exam
Conflict of Interest
Conflict of Interest Exam
Free to Forgive
Free to Forgive Exam
Critical Thinking
Critical Thinking Exam
Statistics
Statistics 101
Statistics 101 Exam
Statistics 201
Statistics 201 Exam
Biostat 103
Drug Abuse
Drug Abuse Prevention 30h
Drug Abuse Prevention Exam
Improving My Wellness
Improving my Wellness Exam
Tobacco Prevention
Tobacco Prevention Exam
Smoke-free in 3 Weeks
Smoke Free in 3 Weeks Exam
Preventing Drug Abuse
Preventing Drug Abuse Exam
Alcohol Problems
Alcohol Problems Exam
Marijuana Impact
Marijuana Impact Exam
Help with Addiction
Help with Addiction Exam
Prevention Values
Prevention Values Exam
DrugFree Kids
Drug Free Kids Exam
Spiritual Health
Spiritual Health Exam
Synthetic Drugs
End of Life Care
End of Life Nursing 30h
End of Life Nursing Exam
End- of- Life-Health-Care
End of Life Health Care Exam
End of Life Palliative Services
End of Life Palliative Services Exam
End of Life Ethics
End of Life Ethics Exam
Spiritual Care: Help in Distress
Spiritual Care: Help in Distress Exam
Alzheimer’s Disease Prevention
Alzheimer Disease Prevention Exam
Aging Safely Self-care
Aging Safely: Self Care Exam
Aging Well: Combating Changes
Aging Well: Combating Changes Exam
Nursing Ethics
Nursing Ethics Exam
Advance Directives
Advance Directives Exam
Preventive Care
Prevention of Disease 30h
Preventive Care Exam
Preventing Medical Errors
Preventing Medical Errors Exam
Preventing Medication Errors
Preventing Medication Errors Exam
Sexual Harassment Prevention
Sexual Harassment Prevention Exam
Anger Management
Anger Management Exam
Preventable Global Mortality
Preventing Global Mortality Exam
Disease Prevention
Disease Prevention Exam
Preventive Hand Hygiene
Preventive Hand Hygiene Exam
Preventive Ethics
Preventive Ethics Exam
Food for Health
Food for Health Exam
Stress Relief
Stress Relief Exam
…More
Emergency Preparedness 3hr/$21
Emergency Preparedness Exam
Preventing Falls, 3hr/$21
Preventing Falls Exam
Time Management, 3hr/$21
Time Management Exam
Help in Depression 3hr/$21
Help in Depression Exam
Deep Learning, 3hr/$21
Deep Learning Exam
Parkinson’s & Exercise, 3hr/$21
Parkinson’s Disease and Exercise Exam
Peripheral Neuropathy 3hr/$21
Peripheral Neuropathy Exam
All 30 Hour Courses
Relaxation Therapy, 3hr/$21
Relaxation Therapy Exam
Health in Context 3hr/$21
Health in Context: Global Health Literacy Exam
Ethics of Hospital Acquired Infections, 3hr/$21
Ethics of Hospital Acquired Infections (HAIs) Exam
About…
Agreement
Privacy Notice
Terms and Conditions
Klimes Institute Report
Printing Your Certificate(s)
Klimes
Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions of use carefully before using the CE Courses LLC doing business as Klimes Institute web site. By accessing or using any of the services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions which expressly include the Services Privacy Notice and which may be updated from time to time on this page. Continued use of the Klimes Institute Website will mean that you accept the Terms and Conditions including any posted updates. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Service.
We reserve the right to deny access to the Site or to any features of the Site to anyone who violates these Terms of Service, or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to access and utilize our Service or infringes on the rights of others.
Rights and Restrictions Relating to Site Content
Unless otherwise noted, The Site and all the materials available on the site are protected by copyright and owned, controlled, or licensed by Klimes Institute or the party credited as the provider of the content. Users of the Site must abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Website.
The site is provided solely for your individual non-commercial use. No Content from the Website may be copied, reproduced, framed, hyperlinked, republished, downloaded, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way; provided, however, you may download, where specifically permitted, one copy of the Content on any single computer for your personal, non- commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior permission from Klimes Institute, or the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice contained in the Content. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site, please contact us.
You may not copy, display, distribute, modify, publish, reproduce, store, transmit, post, translate or create other derivative works from, or sell, rent or license all or any part of the Content, or products or services obtained from the Services, in any medium to anyone, except as otherwise expressly permitted under these Terms and Conditions, or any relevant license or subscription agreement or authorization by us.
You may not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or translate any software in the Content, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of such software, except to the extent expressly permitted under applicable law, without our prior written permission. You may not engage in the systematic retrieval of Content from the Services to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without our prior written permission.
You may not use any robots, spiders, crawlers or other automated downloading programs, algorithms or devices, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to: (i) continuously and automatically search, scrape, extract, deep link or index any Content; (ii) harvest personal information from the Services for purposes of sending unsolicited or unauthorized material; or (iii) cause disruption to the working of the Services or any other person’s use of the Services. If the Services contain robot exclusion files or robot exclusion headers, you agree to honor them and not use any device, software or routine to bypass them. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Services, any other systems or networks connected to the Services or to any of our servers, or any of the products or services provided on, accessed from or distributed through the Services. You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Services or any network connected to the Services or breach or attempt to breach the security or authentication measures on the Services or any network connected to the Services.
You may not, without the approval of Klimes Institute, use the Services to publish or distribute any advertising, promotional material, or solicitation to other users of the Services to use any goods or services. For example (but without limitation), you may not use the Services to conduct any business, to solicit the performance of any activity that is prohibited by law, or to solicit other users to become subscribers of other information services. Similarly, you may not use the Services to download and redistribute public information or shareware for personal gain or distribute multiple copies of public domain information or shareware.
Content provided to us or posted on or through the service
This Site may include a variety of features, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, email services and social networking features that allow feedback to us and allow users to interact with each other on the Site and post content and materials for display on the Site. This Site also may include other features, such as personalized home pages and email services, that allow users to communicate with third parties. By accessing and using any such features, you represent and agree: (i) that you have read and agree to abide by our Community Rules; (ii) that you are the owner of any material you post or submit, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material; (iii) that you are making your posting or submission with the express consent of anyone pictured in any material you post or submit, (iv) that you are 13 years of age or older; (v) that the materials will not violate the rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity; and (vi) that you will indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any liability of any nature arising out of related to any content or materials displayed on or submitted via the Site by you or by others using your username and password. You also grant us a license to use the materials you post or submit via such features.
Responsibility for what is posted on discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, and other areas on the Site through which users can supply information or material, or sent via any email services that are made available via the Site, lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post or send. We are not responsible for the speech, content, messages, information or files that you or others may transmit, post or otherwise provide on or through the Site.
When you submit or post any material via the Site, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium, for any purpose that we choose. The foregoing grant includes the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark or patent laws that exist in any relevant jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including content submitted by you, may involve transmissions over various networks, and may involve changes to the content to conform and adapt it to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of any materials submitted by you.
You are free to establish a hypertext link to our Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your website or service by us or by our Site. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of our Site, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our material, content or intellectual property.
You may not use the Services to publish or distribute any information (including software or other content) which is illegal, which violates or infringes upon the rights of any other person, which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, profane, pornographic, threatening or vulgar, which contains errors, viruses or other harmful components, or which is otherwise actionable at law. Klimes Institute may at any time exercise editorial control over the Content of the Services.
We shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor Submissions to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions and any operating rules we establish and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request. We shall have the right in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any Submission.
Payment
You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to use the Site, and to purchase services or products through the Site, for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase for a third party that requires you to submit the third party’s personal information to us or a merchant, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third party to provide such third party’s personal information.
Refund Policy
Klimes Institute will provide full refunds requested within seventy-two (72) hours of the purchase date unless you have received CE Certificate for a course. Once you have received a CE Certificate for a course, the course can no longer be refunded.
Privacy
We respect the privacy of the users of our Site. Please review our Privacy Notice. These Terms include and fully incorporate our Privacy Notice.
Responsibility for Your Username and Password
To use certain features of our Site, you will need a username and password to create an account. We reserve the right to reject or terminate the use of any username that we deem offensive or inappropriate. In addition, we also reserve the right to terminate the use of any username or account, or to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site, to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Limitation on Use of Company Directories
The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Site is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. In no event will we or our suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.
Modifications to, or Discontinuation of, the Site
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any portion thereof.
Disclaimers
Throughout our Site, we have provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site.
THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ON THIRD-PARTY SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION ARE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT AND CONSIDERATION TO US TO GRANT THE LICENSE CONTAINED IN THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AND TO PROVIDE YOU WITH ACCESS TO THE SITE AND SERVICES.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
You acknowledge that by using the Site, you may incur charges from your wireless carrier, internet service provider or other method of internet or data access, and that payment of any such charges will be your sole responsibility. You agree that your use of the Site will be in accordance with all requirements of your wireless carrier, internet service provider and other method of internet or data access. We do not control network access. Your use of these networks may not be secure and may expose your personal information sent over such networks.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, WILL WE OR OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES AND AFFILIATES, IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE’S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise out of your use of the Site, violation of these Terms of Service by you or any other person using your account, or your violation of any rights of another. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you agree to provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Restrictions
The Site is intended for use only by residents of the United States over the age of 13. It may not comply with legal requirements of foreign countries. Other countries may have laws and regulatory requirements that differ from those in the U.S. By using this Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of any personal information you provide to the U.S. as set forth in the Privacy Notice under the laws of the United States and the State of California, rather than under the law of your home country.
Notification of Infringement
Notifications regarding any alleged intellectual property infringement should be directed to the Klimes Institute Legal Department by email at support@cecourses.org
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Site. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service will govern. This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
This agreement is personal to you and you may not assign it to anyone. If any provision of this agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from this agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Service are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Service may only be invoked or enforced by you or us. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms of Service must be filed by you within 6 months after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Contact Information
You can reach us at: support@cecourses.org
Update
Last updated: March 1, 2018
Like this:Like Loading...
Need Support/Help? If you need help, have issues or have any questions, please email support@cecourses.org
Continuing Education for Nurses Klimes Institute provides easy to use, inexpensive, online Continuing Education courses 24/7/365 for Nurses and Healthcare Professionals.
California Board of Registered Nursing Approval Klimes Institute is approved as a CE provider by:
The California Board of Registered Nursing CEP 16854
Search
Top Posts & Pages
Statistics 101
Klimes Institute
Preventing Medication Errors
Courses in Professional Ethics
Ethics
Ethics of Disclosure
Statistics
Ethical Choices
Help with Addiction
Golden Rule Ethics
Deep Learning Learn beyond the minimum test requirements. Go deeper:
D. DEVELOP practical applications for your work
E. EXAMINE your priorities in that area
E. EDUCATE a colleague in your new skills
P. PREPARE your heart for wisdom
Copyright 1994-2020 by R. Klimes, PhD, MPH
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
%d bloggers like this: