https://ceetron.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy statementbastien2019-09-13T14:14:09+01:00
Privacy statement
Ceetron AS (“Ceetron” or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes how Ceetron collects and processes individuals’ personal data in Ceetron’s capacity as a data controller under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. Web sites and services covered
This Privacy Statement covers the information practices of web sites that link to this Privacy Statement, including, but not limited to https://ceetron.com and https://cloud.ceetron.com (referred to as “Ceetron’s Web Sites” or “the Company’s Web Sites”).
Ceetron’s Web Sites may contain links to other web sites. Ceetron is not responsible for the information practices or the content of such other web sites. The Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of other web sites to understand their information practices.
Ceetron offers a variety of products and services that are collectively referred to as the “Products and Services”. This Privacy Statement also covers individual end customers’ use of the Products and Services which terms and conditions link to this Privacy Statement, including, but not limited to, the Ceetron Cloud service.
2. Personal information collected
Ceetron collects information from individuals who visit the Company’s Web Sites (“Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Products and Services (“Customers”).
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Products and Services or registering to use the Products and Services, Ceetron requires you to provide the Company with contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”), plus billing information (“Billing information”). Required Contact Information and billing information are referred to collectively as “Data About Ceetron Customers”.
As you navigate the Company’s Web Sites, Ceetron may also collect information using commonly used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons (“Web Site Navigational Information”). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your IP address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Web Sites (such as the web pages viewed, and the links clicked).
3. Use of information collected
The Company uses Data About Ceetron Customers to deliver or perform the Products or Services requested. For example, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Products and Services. The legal basis for the processing of these personal data is GDPR article 6 (1) (b); i.e. that such processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Personal Data processed to deliver a Product will be stored until the Product has been delivered and until all payment obligations are finally settled. Personal Data processed to perform a Service will be stored for the term of the applicable Service agreement and until all payment obligations are finally settled. The Company may also use Data About Ceetron Customers for marketing purposes in connection with an existing customer relationship, or otherwise upon obtaining your prior written consent. For example, the Company may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in Ceetron, the Products and Services, and to send you information regarding the Company and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
If you are a current Customer or have consented to receiving direct marketing and promotional communication related to Products or Services, you may at any time withdraw your consent to receiving further marketing communication by sending an email to the contact address set out below.
Personal Data collected for direct marketing and promotional communication are stored for the term of your customer agreement with Ceetron, or otherwise for a period of 2 years from giving consent to such communication.
Ceetron uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company’s Web Sites. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information in combination with Data About Ceetron Customers to provide personalized information about the Company.
After the applicable storage periods, the personal data will be deleted unless Ceetron is subject to a statutory obligation to keep records of the data for an extended term.
4. Web Site Navigational Information
Ceetron uses commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Web Sites (“Web Site Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information the Company may collect and how the Company may use this information.
Cookies
Ceetron uses cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Web Sites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Web Sites, Ceetron’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you. They merely recognize your web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Ceetron, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a web form (such as a “Contact Me”), you remain anonymous to the Company.
There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to Ceetron, the Company uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the Company to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Products and Services, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed your browser. These session cookies allow the Company to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Products and Services and to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies are required to use the Products and Services.
Ceetron uses persistent cookies that only the Company can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited the Company’s Web Sites. When you purchase the Products and Services or provide the Company with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned to you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that the Company places on your web browser. The Company is especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, the Company does not store passwords in persistent cookies. If you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Web Sites, but you will not be able to successfully use the Products and Services.
Ceetron may use information from session and persistent cookies in combination with Data About Ceetron Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Products and Services.
Web beacons
Ceetron uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Web Sites and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular web site tied to the web beacon, and a description of a web site tied to the web beacon. For example, Ceetron may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Web Sites. Ceetron uses web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Web Sites and email communications. Ceetron may use information from web beacons in combination with Data About Ceetron Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Products and Services.
IP addresses
When you visit Ceetron’s Web Sites, the Company collects your IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personally identifiable information. For example, Ceetron uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Web Sites.
Ceetron also collects IP addresses from Customers when they log into the Products and Services as part of the Company’s identity confirmation and IP range restrictions security features.
Third-party cookies
From time to time, Ceetron engages third-parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Web Sites. Ceetron may also use other third-party cookies to track the performance of Company advertisements. The information provided to third-parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it. This Privacy Statement does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
5. Public forums and customer testimonials
Ceetron may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web Sites. Any personally identifiable information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Ceetron is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Ceetron posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Web Sites that contain information such as Customer names and titles. Ceetron obtains the consent of each Customer prior to posting any information on such a list or posting testimonials.
6. Sharing of information collected
Ceetron may share Data About Ceetron Customers with the Company’s agents acting as data processors on behalf of Ceetron, so that these agents can contact Customers and Visitors who have provided contact information on our behalf. Ceetron may also share Data About Ceetron Customers with the Company’s agents acting as data processors on behalf of Ceetron to ensure the quality of information provided. Ceetron does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with any third parties. The only exception is if Ceetron is obliged to disclose personal data due to statutory obligations which the Company is subject to.
As part of the provision of the Ceetron Cloud service, Ceetron may transfer certain personal data on Customers to sub-contractors acting as data processors outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such transfer is based on one of the legal mechanisms accepted by the European Commission as rendering an adequate level of protection to the fundamental right of the individuals whose personal data are processed; either the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third countries, or the existence of a valid EU-US Privacy Shield certification held by the applicable sub-contractor, as applicable. Ceetron reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information of the Company’s Customers or Visitors if required by law and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
7. Communications preferences
Ceetron offers Customers and Visitors who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may send a request specifying your communication preferences to info@ceetron.com or login to http://ceetron.com with your Ceetron username and password and click “Setup”. Customers can also click on the ‘update subscription preferences’ link provided in all marketing emails. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their existing customer account with Ceetron or the ordered Products and Services.
8. Correcting and updating your information
Customers may update or change their registration information by editing their user or organization record. To update a user profile, please send an email to info@ceetron.com or login to http://ceetron.com with your Ceetron username and password and click “Setup”.
Further, you may request access to your personal data, as well as information on how we process your personal data. You may also request rectification, erasure and restriction of the processing, or request to have your personal data exported in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (data portability).
You have the right to file a complaint to your applicable data protection authority if you are of the opinion that Ceetron has failed to comply with your rights as a data subject.
9. Customer data
Ceetron Customers use the Products and Services to host data and information (“Customer Data”). Ceetron will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as described in this Privacy Statement or the Company’s standard T&Cs for the relevant Products and Services, as agreed between the parties, or as may be required by law. Individual records of Customer Data may be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem or a support issue, or as may be required by law. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their Ceetron usernames and passwords.
10. Security
Ceetron uses robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. When the Products and Services are accessed, SSL technology protects Customer Data using both server authentication and data encryption. These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. Ceetron hosts its web sites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Ceetron offers enhanced security features within the Products and Services that permit Customers to configure security settings to the level they deem necessary.
11. Changes to this Privacy Statement
Ceetron reserves the right to at any time change this Privacy Statement. You will be notified of any changes. By continuing to use the relevant Web Sites or Products or Services, you agree to the applicable changes.
12. Contacting us
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement or the information practices of Ceetron should be directed to:
Ceetron AS
email: info@ceetron.com
mail: Innherredsveien 7, Entrance B, 4th Floor, 7014 Trondheim, Norway
Your email will be responded to by our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer is:
Grim Gjønnes
email: grim.gjonnes@ceetron.com
cell: +47 934 01 002
ANY QUESTIONS?
GET IN TOUCH TODAY.
Innherredsveien 7,
7014 Trondheim, NORWAY+47 73 54 61 50info@ceetron.com
ENJOY THE FULL 3D EXPERIENCE OF CAE