https://characterbuildingforfamilies.com/privacy-policy/
Close
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Home School
Christian Helps
Prayer
Blogs
Products
Contact
Media
Who we are
Our website address is: https://characterbuildingforfamilies.com.
Character Building for Families is a trade name for our company, Full Gospel Family Publications.
Please see our Contact Page for our physical location and how to reach us.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Performance cookies collect information on how users interact with our website, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data for statistical purposes, such as the number of unique visitors, page visits, and countries our visitors come from. We use Automattic and Apache Awstats for our analytics. Please see their privacy policies for details.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
We respond to our users when you contact us, but we do not use that information to generate e-mail lists or direct mailing lists. We never pass your contact information on to anyone, unless you specifically request that we do so.
What data breach procedures we have in place
Our website is encrypted for your added security. We do not collect highly sensitive information (such as credit card data) on this site. Orders are handled directly by PayPal and are subject to their privacy policy.
Personal data you opt to give when making comments are handled by Automattic. General analytics are powered by Auttomatic and Apache Awstats. Please see their privacy policies for more information.
What third parties we receive data from
If you place an order with us, your order is processed through PayPal’s website, and is subject to their privacy policy. We receive your e-mail and street address from PayPal, along with the details of your order, so that we may process your order, notify you when it is shipped, and contact you if there is a problem connected to your order.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.