https://childrenspublishing.com/privacy-policy-2/
Home
Empowering Children
Self-Publishing Resources
Comic & Graphic Novels
Picture Books
Privacy Policy
Children’s Publishing (“we” “our” “us”) commits to protect and respect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, serves as the agreement on which any personal data we collect from the User (“you”), or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL DATA TO WWW.CHILDRENSPUBLISHING.COM, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, STORAGE, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SUCH PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information about you
We collect information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This comprises information you give upon registering to use our Website, subscribing to our services, posting materials on our Website, requesting further services, or reporting a problem with our Website. Personal information includes but not limited to, your name and email address. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Any information you provide to Children’s Publishing will only be used within our Website and will never be shared or supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent.
If you are under 18, please make sure to acquire your parent/guardian’s permission before you provide your personal information to Children’s Publishing.
How we process information about you
For maximum protection, all information you provide to us is encrypted using a secure file server.
You have the right not to process your data for marketing purposes. We customarily inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such objectives. You can prevent such processing by being critical in disclosing some of your personal information. You can also contact us to cease contacting you for such purposes.
Our Website contains links to other sites that are not part of Children’s Publishing. Please be aware that we have no control over those sites and how your information will be processed in them. Please understand that those links are displayed on our pages, without the intention of endorsing them, but merely to enable convenient access to organizations and individuals affiliated or relevant to Children’s Publishing.
Access to your information
You are entitled to access, view, and make any changes about your information by submitting an Update Form. Any changes you make will automatically be saved and stored in the file server.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that websites use to store information on your computer, to support navigation system of the site you are browsing, to distinguish one user from another, and to improve user experience.
We use cookies for the following objectives:
To customize our site according to your personal preferences. We use cookies to remember your browser information so when you return to our Website at a later time, we can present your personal browsing experience.
To recognize you when you return to our Website. We use cookies for auto-fill purposes. When you want to fill a form, our cookies will automatically fill out the name and e-mail address fields respectively.
To accelerate your searches. Auto-fill cookies also apply here.
To approximate our audience size and usage statistics.
We use cookies to collect statistical data such as IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Children’s Publishing guarantees all User’s information contained in our cookies will only be used within the Website.
Find out more about cookies at AboutCookies.org, including how to accept or block them. On the other hand, if you do not accept cookies from ChildrensPublishing.com, you may not be able to access some of our services.
Please note that advertisers may use cookies over which we have no control of.
Social media buttons
Our Website contains social media buttons to enable immediate sharing of our content to social networks, including but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and Pinterest. Please keep in mind that these features use cookies to collect your IP address and login details of the social network you choose. Your correspondences with them are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Amendment of the Privacy Policy
You are advised to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we might make.
Contact us
The Website is owned by Children’s Publishing, for concerns or inquiries, please contact us.
Empowering Children
Kids Who Game Before Bed Sleep Less and Weigh MoreIn a recent study done by Penn State College of Medicine, researchers found that children who spent time watching screens before bed had a higher BMI and slept less overall than children who did not watch a screen before bed. ... read more »
Self-Publishing Resources
How to Publish a Children’s BookPublishing a children's book but don't know how to start? Here are the crucial steps you need to know to plan your way through a successful publishing journey.... read more »
Comic & Graphic Novels
Comic Books to Inspire Your Kids to Read MoreFor parents whose biggest problem is on how to keep their kids read longer, you may want to consider comic books. And although some may consider comic books only as some form of entertainment, you may want to consider again. If you’re looking for comic books to inspire your read more »... read more »
Picture Books
Featured Picture Book: The Giving TreeWhat does it mean to be selfless?  Does it mean giving everything without self-reservation? Or does it simply mean giving without expecting something in return? The Giving Tree is a picture book for kids that teaches the importance of sacrificing, giving, and loving unconditionally—selflessness. What’s fascinating about the book read more »... read more »