https://cid.edu/about-us/privacy-policy-2/
You are here: Home / ABOUT CID / Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Central Institute for the Deaf (“CID”) recognizes that privacy is important and is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information collected at this website and when you participate in various opportunities we provide as described in this policy. Unless you have “opted out” of receiving direct marketing contacts (as described below), when you provide any of the information described in this Privacy Policy (including information that may be automatically generated), you consent to the use and disclosure of that information as described by this statement. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information that CID collects and the uses CID will make of that personal information.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
We may collect personal information that identifies you as an individual, such as:
your name or company name
your postal address (including billing and shipping addresses)
your telephone or fax number
your email address
your Social Security Number or Federal Employer Tax Identification Number
your birth date
your gender
your credit and debit card number
your Vendor Tax ID numbers
your financial information when you use your credit or debit card to make a purchase
your purchase history
CID collects personal information when you participate in various opportunities we provide, for example:
when you register for subscriptions, events or other communications through this website, Twitter, LinkedIN, Facebook, on paper or any other application
when you order a product or service or make a request
when you donate or contribute funds through the website or at an event
when you participate in a contest, promotion, sweepstakes, survey or other promotion
when you participate in a blog or forum
when we conduct market research or when we meet you at a social or other event
We may combine personal information we collect about you with personal information you provide to us through other sources, such as product registrations, inquiries and marketing events. We will use the combined personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy for as long as it is combined.
Automatically Collected Information
We may passively collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser or your internet service provider. This information typically includes your domain name, your user name and your numerical IP address. The amount of information sent by your web browser depends on its settings. Please refer to your browser if you want to learn what information it sends. We might use this type of information to see which web pages you visit at our website, which website you visited before coming to our website and where you go after you leave our website. We can then develop statistics that help us understand how our visitors use our website and how we can improve it.
When you submit a request, registration, question or suggestion using this website, you are required to provide information we need to complete your request, including your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We may have collected similar information from you in the past.
Cookie-Generated Information
We may actively obtain information about you by installing a marker on your computer, commonly called a “cookie.” Cookies enable us to know you by a computer-generated, unique identifier. By providing you with a unique cookie, we can create a database of your previous choices and preferences. In situations where these choices or preferences need to be collected again, we can supply them automatically, saving you time and effort. Your computer may be specially configured to reject cookies. Please refer to your browser for more information. Many websites of companies associated with CID allow you to visit without accepting cookies, but some features of our websites may not work properly if you choose to reject cookies.
User-Generated Information
We collect information at this website when you contact us and when you respond to surveys and questionnaires; enter contests, sweepstakes and giveaway promotions; apply for employment, or register for events we make available. If you email us, you are voluntarily releasing the content of your email to us (including your email address). If you answer questions we have placed on the website page, you are also voluntarily releasing that information to us. You may decide not to answer any questions presented to you at our website; if you do, you may still continue your visit, but we may elect not to provide you with services, opportunities, responses or features related to the questions you choose not to answer.
How Information Is Used and Shared
We may use personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
Respond to your inquiries; collect your suggestions, and fulfill your requests, such as to send you email alerts and contact you to answer any questions to the extent possible
Send you important information regarding the website or terms, conditions and policies and/or other administrative information
Complete and fulfill your request or inquiry, for example, to communicate with you regarding your request and provide you with related customer service and assistance, if any
Send you marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you, including information about upcoming opportunities, invitations, events, apps, exclusive deals, sales and products
Personalize your experience on the website by presenting opportunities, products and offers tailored to you
Allow you to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your personal information, so we recommend that you read these rules carefully.
Allow you to communicate and interact with others through the website (for example, through a blog, message board, messaging functionality, chat functionality, profile or other social media)
Enable our charitable purposes, such as data analysis; audits; researching and developing new products and services; enhancing this website; improving our services; charitable and donation events; identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our donor campaigns. We may analyze personal information for historical, statistical or scientific purposes. We may store the personal information for your convenience should you return to this website in the future.
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process and for any legal purpose (other than credit information); (c) to investigate security breaches; (d) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (e) to enforce our terms and conditions; (f) to protect our operations; (g) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and to protect you or others, and (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
In the course of any of these activities, we may transmit any of the information we have collected with affiliates or third parties. We may disclose your information to companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions on our behalf and to companies offering employment opportunities that match your desired employment criteria and preferences. An example of a third party that could receive your personal information is a data processing contractor that operates computer systems on our behalf or a company with whom we transact business or associate with for the purposes of offering certain products, services, contest, sweepstakes or other promotional event.
By using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. By agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you consent to our continued use of previously collected information under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Direct Marketing
We may use all information collected at this website for direct marketing and e-marketing purposes, including the sharing of the information with our affiliates or third parties unless you specifically request that it not be used for that purpose.
Links to Other Sites
For your convenience, our website may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites as well as to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on this website and not to information collected on linked sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each and every linked site that collects your personal information.
Children’s Information
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities. We do not target our websites to children less than 13 years of age or knowingly collect information from children for the purpose of selling products or services. CID does participate in select educational programs in support of schools and communities.
Publication of Images, Stories and Donor Roll
CID may publish photographs, videos, names and/or select story-related information of and about its students, families, alumni and donors at this website or in its printed and digital newsletters, in its annual report to the community, on social media and/or in connection with media requests and news releases to further the cause of helping deaf children learn to listen and talk at CID. All of the foregoing information is compiled and published with the prior permission of the subjects, and in the case of students, their parents or guardians. CID publishes a list of donor names in its annual report to the community. Donors who do not wish to be named in the report are given the opportunity to opt out or to be listed as “Anonymous.”
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. Please note that these companies may use information about your visit to this website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this website, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
Information Security
We use commercially reasonable methods consistent with industry practice to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure. While we consider these policies and procedures to be adequate, there is still a risk that your personal information could be misappropriated. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. If you have any questions about security on our site, you can send an e-mail to us at the address specified below.
Changes and Opt Out
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail or by means of a notice on our home page.
Opt Out
If you do not want us to use your personal information as described in this statement, please contact us at cid@cid.edu. Please note that we will be unable to process questions or contact you without your personal information.
Contact Information
If you have questions or comments, or would like to request access to the information CID has gathered about you at this website, please contact us at cid@cid.edu.
© 2015–2020 Central Institute for the Deaf. All rights reserved.
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
First Name*Last Name*Email*
I am a professional working with children with hearing loss
I am the parent of a child with hearing loss
I am an individual interested in receiving updates about the CID school
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
CONTACT US Address
825 S. Taylor Avenue
Saint Louis, MO 63110
Toll free: 877.444.4574
Tel: 314.977.0132
Fax: 314.977.0023
Email: cid@cid.edu
Central Institute for the Deaf education and employment programs and policies are nondiscriminatory. CID gives full consideration to all school applicants without respect to child’s or family members’ gender, race, religion, color, sexual orientation or national origin.
Scroll to top