http://cio.chance.berkeley.edu/about/offices/legal-affairs
[ × ]Caution Notice - The latest information on how UC Berkeley is responding to coronavirus.
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Office Services
Office of Legal Affairs
Office of Legal Affairs
TIMELY: FAQs for University Employees about Possible Federal Immigration Enforcement Actions on University Property
OVERVIEW
The UC Berkeley Office of Legal Affairs (OLA) offers timely legal advice to campus leadership, faculty and staff, seeks to anticipate and offer creative solutions to legal problems, works to resolve legal disputes, and advocates on behalf of the campus.  OLA also serves as liaison between the campus and the UC Office of General Counsel in Oakland. OLA strives to be a valued and trusted partner, recognized for creativity, expertise, service orientation, and commitment to UC Berkeley's mission and values.
MEET THE OFFICE OF LEGAL AFFAIRS STAFF
Chief Campus Counsel:
David M. Robinson510-642-7791  dmrobinson@berkeley.eduPrimary Areas of Practice
David has been a member of Berkeley’s Office of Legal Affairs since 2011, and before that spent a decade in the University of California’s system-wide Office of the General Counsel, where he was a leader in its construction and legislative affairs groups. Prior to joining UC, David was a partner at the law firm of Goldfarb & Lipman in San Francisco. He attended UC Los Angeles, and is a graduate of UC Santa Cruz and Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco.
Deputy Campus Counsel:
Julie Conner510-642-7123  jconner@berkeley.eduPrimary Areas of Practice
Julie Conner has served as Campus Counsel at UC Berkeley since November 2009.  She advises UC Berkeley’s Administration on a broad range of legal issues, including intellectual property, intercollegiate athletics matters, student affairs, library law, business affairs, electronic communications, and commercial transactions.  Prior to joining UC Berkeley, Ms. Conner served as Senior Advisor and Legal Director for the UC San Diego Library System and as Associate Campus Counsel for UC San Diego.  Before joining the University of California, Ms. Conner clerked on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and worked for several years at Latham & Watkins and Cooley Godward LLP.  Ms. Conner earned her undergraduate degree from Dartmouth College and her law degree from the University of Chicago, where she was Articles Editor for the Law Review and a member of the Order of the Coif.
Therese M.  Leone510-642-7810  thleone@berkeley.eduPrimary Areas of Practice
Therese M. Leone joined the Office of Legal Affairs in September 2012, as Campus Counsel.  Therese's expertise is in labor and employment law, with broad experience and understanding of higher education issues.  She has a long association and familiarity with UC and the Berkeley campus. She served as Vice President and General Counsel of Mills College from 2008-2012.  From 2002-2008, she was University Counsel at UCOP’s Office of the General Counsel within the Labor and Employment Group.  While working at UCOP, she also served as UC Merced’s Chief Campus Counsel.  Prior to her UC years, she worked in private practice advising private and public sector clients on a wide array of labor and employment matters. Therese is a graduate of Northwestern University and UC Berkeley School of Law.
Associate Campus Counsel:
Liv Hassett510-664-5214  livhassett@berkeley.eduPrimary Areas of Practice
Liv Hassett joined the UC Berkeley Office of Legal Affairs in January 2019 as Associate Campus Counsel.  Liv joined Berkeley after close to 9 years as a campus counsel for the UC Santa Cruz campus.   She advises on a variety of matters for the University, including data privacy and security, business transactions, emerging technology, research, online education and intellectual property.  Prior to joining the University of California, Liv’s primary areas of practice included real estate, business transactions and consumer law.  Liv is a double Cal alumna- she received her undergraduate degree and J.D. from UC Berkeley.
Public Records and Subpoena Coordinator:
Liane Wong
510-664-4615  lianewong@berkeley.edu
Liane Wong is the campus Public Records Coordinator and Subpoena Coordinator.  She is responsible for managing the University responses to public records requests and subpoenas. Liane provides guidance, consultation, and training to custodians of records with the interpretation and application of the California Public Records Act (CPRA) and Information Practices Act (IPA). Liane joined the campus in 1997, with experience ranging from project and policy development, business operations, human resources, and data management. Liane earned her B.S. in Business Administration and M.P.A. in Public Administration from California State University, Hayward. She also completed the 13-month campus Leadership Development Program (LDP) in 2005.
Executive Assistant:
Lupe Gomez-Downing510-664-4971  luped@berkeley.edu
Lupe joined the Office of Legal Affairs in July 2012, as Executive Assistant.  Among other duties, Lupe provides paralegal support and calendaring for Legal Affairs counsel.  Previously, she worked at the Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive in all areas of the museum's operations. During the last 10 year, Lupe served as the executive assistant to the museum director and its board of trustees.
Office Services
Communications and Public Affairs
Audit and Advisory Services
Office of Ethics, Risk and Compliance Services
Government and Community Relations
Office of Legal AffairsLegal Services
Legal Guidance/Resources
Public Records
Presentations
Staff Ombuds Office
Chancellor's Communications and Resource Center
Current Job Searches