https://cisv.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions Home /Terms & Conditions
The following is a full list of our Website Terms and Conditions
CISV International Limited
Website Terms and Conditions
Use of this site at www.cisv.org (the “Site”) is provided by CISV International Limited (“CISV International”) subject to the following General Terms and Conditions and, where applicable, the myCISV:  Terms of Use
General Terms and Conditions
1.         About Us
CISV International Limited is a charity (number 1073308) registered with the Charity Commission for England and Wales and is a company limited by guarantee (company number 03672838).
CISV International is regulated by the laws of England and Wales.
The charitable objects of CISV International are:
“To further education in international understanding of children throughout the world without distinction of race, religion or politics so that they may grow to maturity conscious of their responsibilities as human beings;
To develop the individual child’s potential for co-operation with others;
To further research contributing to this work.”
[I’ve used the charitable objects but you may prefer to include a mission statement and/or the objects]
This Site is owned and operated by CISV International Limited whose registered office is MEA House, Ellison Place, Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, England, NE1 8XS.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions, this Site or other related matters, please contact CISV International at:
CISV International Limited
MEA House
Ellison Place
Newcastle upon Tyne
England
NE1 8XS
Tel:  +[44 191] 232 4998
Fax:  +[44 191] 261 4710
Email:  webmaster@cisv.org
2.         Terms and Conditions
2.1       General Provisions
2.1.1    Application of Term and Conditions
Use of the Site constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  CISV International reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.  You are responsible for reviewing these Terms and Conditions each time you visit the Site and if you continue to use this Site after changes have been made to these Terms and Conditions you are deemed to have accepted them.
2.1.2      Availability
Access to the Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and CISV International reserves the right to withdraw or amend the service provided on the Site without notice.  CISV International will not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.  CISV International does not guarantee that use of this Site will be compatible with all hardware and software, which may be used by users.
Nor does CISV International warrant that the functions and materials contained in this Site will be:  uninterrupted or error free; that defects will be corrected; that this Site, or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs; or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Site, or the entire Site, to users who have registered with CISV International.
2.1.3    Content
CISV International makes an effort to update the information on the Site regularly.  However, the information is not necessarily complete, up to date or accurate at all times.  Information provided by CISV International Member Associations/Chapters/individuals cannot always be monitored and verified.  Accordingly, you should not rely on information posted on this Site.
2.1.4    Liability
The material displayed on our Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy.  To the extent permitted by law, we, CISV Associations and Chapters and other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
2.1.4.1  all conditions warranties and other items which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
2.1.4.2  any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our Site or in connection with the use, or results of the use of our Site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including
2.1.4.3-loss of income or revenue;
2.1.4.4  loss of business;
2.1.4.5  loss of profits or contracts;
2.1.4.6  loss of data;
2.1.4.7  loss of goodwill;
2.1.4.8  wasted management or office time; and
2.1.4.9  whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
2.1.5    Intellectual Property Rights
CISV International is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Site (including but not limited to documents or photographs published on the Site), and in the material published on it.  These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.  The re-distribution, re-publication, or otherwise making available of the material on the Site to third parties is prohibited without CISV International’s prior written consent
You may print off one copy for information, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our Site for your personal reference.  If material is being used for CISV programmes or activities, as many copies as needed can be printed.
Except in completing required forms, you must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
CISV International’s status (and that of any acknowledged contributors) as the authors of material on our Site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our Site in breach of these terms and conditions, your right to our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
2.1.6    Links
The Site contains links to other sites controlled and maintained by third parties.  CISV International is not responsible in any way for the privacy practices or the contents of any site) including sites of CISV Member Associations and Chapters) linked to the Site.
2.1.7                Uploading Material to the Site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to the Site, or to make contact with other users of the Site, you must comply with the Content Standards set out in CISV International’s Acceptable Use policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you indemnify CISV International for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to the Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and CISV International has the right to use, copy, distribute any such material and disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to the Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
CISV International will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user on the Site.
CISV International has the right to remove any material or posting you make on the Site (including any material contributed to myCISV) if, in CISV International’s opinion, such material does not comply with the Content Standards set out in the Acceptable Use Policy.
2.1.8    Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the law of England and Wales.  You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to the use of this Site.
2.2       Privacy
2.2.1    Processing Information
The processing of your personal data is carried out by CISV International which is registered with the Office of the Information Commissioner.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact:
The Data Protection Officer
CISV International Limited
MEA House
Ellison Place
Newcastle upon Tyne
Tyne and Wear
England NE1 8XS
Email: nick.simpson@int.cisv.org
2.2.2    Statement of Intent
When you supply any information to CISV International it is obliged to deal with it in a manner prescribed by several legal instruments including:
the Data Protection Act 1998,
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011,
Directive 2009/136/EC of 25 November 2009 (“The European Union Cookie Directive”)
In particular, CISV International is obliged to:
Collect the information fairly
Let you know how we will use it
Keep the information secure
The type of information CISV International may collect when you use the Site includes:
Name
Email address
Postal address
Telephone number
Social Networking Links (for example, Facebook)
CISV International may collect some, or all, of this information when you visit the Site, depending on how you use it.  CISV International monitors how people use the Site so it can improve it.
When you visit the Site CISV International may also use cookies, further information about which is set out in paragraph 2.3.
CISV International will not contact you unless you have given your express consent.  By signing up to the myCISV section you agree to CISV International contacting you in relation to your CISV International Membership.
2.2.3    Disclosure of your information
CISV International will keep your personal information confidential and will not supply it to any third party (other than CISV Affiliated Organisations) without your consent or unless it is obliged or permitted by law to do so.
CISV International sometimes use third parties to process your information on its behalf (for example, to analyse data).  However, CISV International requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for business purposes.
Some of CISV International’s service providers may be located outside Europe, such as in the U.S or Canada, and by providing information to CISV International you consent to your information being processed on CISV International’s behalf in these countries.
2.2.4    Protecting your personal information
CISV International takes protecting your information seriously and will take appropriate physical, electronic and managerial measures to ensure that it keeps your information secure, accurate and up to date, and that it only keeps it as long as reasonable and necessary.
Although CISV International uses appropriate security measures once it has received your personal information, the transmission of information over the internet is never completely secure.  CISV International does its best to protect personal information but cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to the Site, so any transmission is at the user’s own risk.
2.3.      Cookies and how we use them
Cookies are small files, typically of letters and numbers, which are transferred from the Site and placed on your computer’s hard drive when you access certain websites or emails.  Cookies are used to help analyse web traffic and to enable web applications to respond to you as an individual.  The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
CISV International uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.  This helps CISV International to analyse data about web page traffic and improve the Site in order to tailor it to customer needs.  CISV International only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.  Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using one of these websites.
Overall, cookies help CISV International to provide you with a better website, by enabling it to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.  CISV International’s cookies in no way give access to CISV International to your computer or any information from which you may be identified personally.  Personal details are at no time stored in cookies on the Site.  This practice is strictly in force.  CISV International knows that people have concerns about cookies, but believes that the benefit gained from their proper use is worthwhile.
You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely.  You can delete the files that contain cookies – those files are stored as part of your internet browser.  Please note that this may result in a less satisfactory experience when using the Site.
More information about cookies, including browser-specific instructions on how to restrict or block cookies may be found on IAB’s website at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ .
2.4.      Acceptable Use
2.4.1    Users agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner, which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the Site by any third party.  You may not use the Site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards;
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
2.4.2    You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the site in contravention of the Terms and Conditions.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
Any part of the Site;
Any equipment or network on which the Site is stored;
Any software used in the provision of the Site; or
Any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
2.4.3    Suspension and Termination
CISV International will determine, in its discretion, whether there has been a breach of this Acceptable Use policy through your use of the Site.  When a breach of this policy has occurred, CISV International may take such action as it deems appropriate.
Failure to comply with this Acceptable Use policy constitutes a material breach of the Terms and Conditions upon which you are permitted to use the Site, and may result in CISV International taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the Site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
2.5.      Content Standards
2.5.1    Your Contributions
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the Site, and to any interactive services associated with it (contributions).
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter.  The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
·                     Be accurate (where they state facts).
·                     Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
·                     Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that they emanate from CISV International, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
CISV International excludes liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Content Standards.  The responses described in this policy are not limited, and CISV International may take any other action it reasonably deems appropriate.
2.6          Under 16 Site Users
If you are under the age of 16, please show this section to your parents or guardians and ask them to help you, IN particular if you wish to register to use MY CISV.
CISV International is concerned about the security and safety of all users, particularly children.  It is the parent or guardian’s responsibility to determine whether the Site or myCISV and any part of it are appropriate for their child.  Parents who allow their children to access the Site or myCISV have responsibility for their use of it and should supervise and assist them where necessary, for example in the submission of personal details.
A parent or guardian is responsible for ensuring that any use of the Site (including myCISV) complies with the General Terms and Conditions of Use and the myCISV:  Terms of Use.
Please click here to confirm your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions and the myCISV:  Terms of Use.
3.         myCISV:  Terms of Use
These are the Terms of Use of myCISV.  Please read them carefully.  If you wish to accept these terms and proceed with your registration request, please click on the Accept button at the bottom of the page.
3.1       Acceptance of Use
By using myCISV users agree the CISV International General Terms and Conditions and to this myCISV:  Terms of Use.  You re-affirm your acceptance of both the General Terms and Conditions and the myCISV Terms of Use when you register and each time you use My CISV.
When you register your consent to CISV International sharing your information with CISV Affiliated Organisations in your area (such as your local CISV Chapter and National Association) for administrative purposes and so they can send you news and information about CISV International.  If you are based outside of the European Economic Area (the EEA) you understand that this may involve us transferring your information to countries who may not have as stringent data protection laws as countries inside the EEA.
3.2       Registration as a Member – summary of what it means
When you register and are confirmed as a Member of myCISV:
You provide your registration/contact details to CISV International;
Your details are shared with your CISV National Association/Chapter.
You can then register under the activities in which you have/will participate;
You can edit your personal registration details and decide what contact information to make visible on myCISV.  (If you are under 16, no personal contact information can be made visible.);
You will be able to email other people who have registered under the same activities as you and you will be able to receive emails from them.
When you send email to another Member registered in myCISV, your name and email address will be visible to the recipient;
You can let other Members from your activity know what you are doing now by making an entry in your “diary”;
You are inviting CISV International and any Affiliated Organisations in your area to contact you (including by email) with newsletters and other information about CISV;
Where possible, CISV International will enable you to manage your participation in CISV organisations, programmes and initiatives via myCISV;
As further functionality is added to myCISV, you will be able to benefit from it.
3.3       Purpose of myCISV
myCISV provides a forum for participants in CISV International programmes to get in contact with each other and also with CISV International and Affiliated Organisations in their area.  It is also the way that CISV International and CISV Affiliated Organisations aim to keep an accurate record of the people who participate in CISV Programmes and join CISV Affiliated Organisations.  Once registered in accordance with clause 3, Members will be able to share information about themselves and their experiences.  CISV International and CISV Affiliated Organisations will send Members material on CISV International and opportunities for involvement in or support of the various aspects of CISV International.  Where possible, CISV International will enable you to manage your participation in CISV International organisations, programmes and initiatives via myCISV.
3.4       Registration Procedure
You will be asked to enter your current data (name, contact details, date of birth).  You may also be asked to share with CISV International, on an entirely voluntary basis, some information such as your current work, interests and voluntary commitments.  All of this information will be stored on CISV International’s system, but you choose how much of it you wish to be visible to other Members.  For the security of Members, if your date of birth indicates that you are under 16 years of age, you will not be able to make your contact details visible to other Members on myCISV.
Once you have completed inputting this data, your registration will be processed.  A confirmation email will be sent to the address you provided.  It will contain instructions, which you must follow in order to log on to myCISV.  You are then ready to log on and “claim” spots in the CISV activities in which you participated.
It is a condition of use of myCISV that you provide accurate information.  Therefore when you “claim” your activities, please ensure you only add yourself to those specific activities in which you participated.
It is a condition of participation in CISV International programmes that you register on myCISV and claim participation under the relevant programme.
3.5       Security Note
It is not advisable to give your personal contact details to people over the web unless you have confirmed the identity of the recipient and trust them.
3.6       Fees
At present, membership of myCISV is offered by CISV International free of charge.  CISV International does, however, reserve the right to set charge and alter membership fees in the future and fees relating to specific services offered on myCISV.  Such fees will be notified to Members as changes to this Agreement.  Where fees relate to specific services any fees payable will be included in information relating to that service.  Please note that fees may be charged for membership of CISV Affiliated Organisations in your area or for participation in certain CISV programmes and initiatives.
3.7       Use of myCISV
CISV International does not monitor or screen the information posted on myCISV by Members and is not responsible for the behaviour of or information supplied by the Members.  You accept that you use myCISV at your own risk.
The information on myCISV is subject to change without notice.  CISV International is not responsible for any inaccuracies and makes no representation and gives no warranty as to its accuracy.
3.9       Misuse of myCISV
CISV International does not monitor or have any control over the information contributed by Members or the actions of unregistered users.
3.10     Alerting CISV International of Misuse
Because CISV International cannot, and is under not obligation to, monitor all information provided by Members, CISV International relies on Members to report any misuse of myCISV and breach of the terms of this Agreement.  If you see any information which you think is inaccurate or indicates a breach of this Agreement, please report it to us at [friends@support.cisv.org]
3.11       Termination of Membership
CISV International reserves the right to suspend or terminate any person’s membership as a result of any breach of this Agreement, including in particular, misuse as described in section 7 above.  Once a membership has been terminated by us, the former Member must not attempt to re-access myCISV without prior written consent.
This website uses cookies to give you the best experience. Agree by clicking the 'Accept' button.Accept cookies