http://continue.utah.edu/policy
Home
Subjects
Programs
Certificates
International
Locations
Contact Us
Your Cart
Social media
Contact information
Continuing Education at the University of Utah
1901 E. South Campus Dr., Salt Lake City, UT 84112
Send feedback
General website comment
Phone
1-801-581-6461
About Us
Contact Us
$0.00
You have 0 items in your cart
Class
Total
Edit cart
Proceed to checkout
NOTICE:
The physical offices of Continuing Education at 540 Arapeen Drive will be closed until January 11th.
If you need immediate assistance please call 801.581.6461.
Home
Subjects
View All Class Subjects
Academic
Academic & College Test Prep
Art, Craft, Music & Theatre
Business & Professional Development
Computers & Technology
Exercise & Recreation
Food, Wine & Cooking
Healthy Living & Spirituality
Home, Garden & Green Living
Humanities
Kids & Teens
Language & Travel
Science, Math & Engineering
Seniors
Social Sciences
Unique Topics
Writing & Literature
Departments
Academic Credit
Academic Noncredit
English Language Institute
Go Learn
Lifelong Learning
Osher Lifelong Learning Institute
Professional Education
Test Preparation
Youth Education
HB60
Online
Specialization Programs
International
English Language Institute
Go Learn
TOEFL
Locations
Go!
Privacy, Accessibility and Security PoliciesContinuing Education & Community Engagement
Continuing Education Home
Privacy, Security
PRIVACY POLICY:
Introduction
This Continuing Education and Community Engagement (CECE)
Privacy Statement provides information about CECE’s online information
gathering and dissemination practices. Individual pages on CECE websites may
provide additional information.
In addition to the information in this Privacy
Statement, we also abide by The University of Utah's official Privacy
Policy. You can read about the policy on this page.
If you are in the European Union, please also review the
University of Utah’s EU General Data Protection Regulation information on this page. These EU
Supplemental Privacy Provisions provide additional information regarding CECE’s
processing of personal data you submit or disclose to CECE (or to a third party
that transfers it to CECE for processing) while you are in the European Union.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy
Statement, as well as any information linked from this Privacy Statement, as we
may update it without notice.
What Services CECE Provides Online
CECE’s websites provide online information and services to
all users of CECE’s online sites consistent with CECE’s Mission and Values.
In addition to information and services provided on CECE
websites, CECE may also provide connections to external services and information
provided by non-CECE service providers. Non-CECE service providers have their
own privacy policies that are not covered by this Privacy Statement. CECE is
not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of non-CECE service
providers. We recommend you review the privacy practices and policies of all
non-CECE service providers.
ADA/EEO Accessibility Policy
The University of Utah seeks to provide equal access to its
programs, services, and activities for people with disabilities. Reasonable prior
notice is needed to arrange accommodations. Please call 801-585-1780 to be
connected to the Continuing Education unit responsible for your class, or
contact the University's Center for Disability Services at disability.utah.edu or
801-581-5020.
Information CECE Collects from Users and How We Use it
CECE collects information actively provided by Users, such
as your name, address, phone number and other personally identifying
information needed to complete registration and enrollment. We may also collect
information about the computers, mobile devices, or other devices you use to
access CECE’s websites, such as IP address, unique device identifiers, browser
types, browser languages, web pages requested, website software access,
referring web pages, date, time, and duration of activity, passwords, and
accounts accessed, and locations of User devices when connected to CECE’s websites.
Logs of this information may be retained. We may contract with non-CECE service
providers to help us better understand Users. These non-CECE service providers
are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help
us conduct and improve our services.
CECE uses information collected to provide services, in
support of CECE’s Mission, to protect the security of CECE’s websites, as well
as monitor, preserve, and enhance the use, functioning, and integrity of CECE’s
websites. CECE may also use information collected from you for analysis and
statistical.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computing
devices. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future
visits and compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction
so that we can offer better website experiences and tools in the future.
Cookies may be set by organizations other than CECE. Because the cookie
policies of these third party service providers may change over time, you
should review their policies by visiting their privacy policies directly. We
also use targeting and advertising cookies, which may be set by CECE or by
third parties. Users may disable cookies through their individual browser
options. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some
portions of our websites and you may receive advertising and materials of
little potential interest to you.
The following describes the types of cookies CECE uses on our websites:
Required or Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential for our websites to
operate correctly and to provide you with requested services. For example, we
use cookies to authenticate you, so when you log on to CECE websites, we know
who you are.
Functionality Cookies.
We use functionality cookies to enhance website features,
such as videos and live chat, and for personalization, such as storing your
preferences (e.g. username and language selection). Functionality cookies may
be set by CECE or by third parties whose services we have added to our
websites. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not be able to use some
portions of our websites, and some website functions may not work properly.
Social Media Cookies.
Social media cookies may be set by third parties such as YouTube and Facebook to
collect information about your social media usage.
Analytics Cookies.
Analytics cookies collect information about your use of our website, and help us improve
the way it works. For example, analytics cookies identify the most frequently
visited pages, record any difficulties you have, and show whether our
advertising is effective. This allows us to see the overall patterns of usage
on the Sites, rather than the usage of a single person. We use the information
to analyze the Sites' traffic.
Targeting/Advertising
Cookies.
We use targeting/advertising cookies to create profiles and
personalize content. We may use third party products, such as Google Analytics,
to market CECE’s services to you on third party websites. For example, if you
visit CECE websites, you may then see advertisements for CECE on other
websites.
You can learn more about cookies and their functions by
visiting an information website such as allaboutcookies.org.
Do Not Track Signals.
Some web browsers (such as Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a
"Do Not Track" (DNT) feature that tells websites that users do not
want to have their online activity tracked. Not all browsers offer a DNT option
and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, CECE does not respond to
DNT signals.
Protecting Children's
Privacy
All Continuing Education websites have been designed to be
informative, accessible, and safe for kids of all ages, and to adhere to all
applicable laws and regulations. Children are encouraged to browse our various
web pages with their parents in order to find age-appropriate classes.
Our site is not intended for children under 13 to
self-register for classes or other activities. Parents or guardians are
required to register for any students under age 13. As stated above, all
registration information (submitted by parent/guardian) resides on secure
servers, and never sold, rented, or shared with any outside organization or
entity.
For more on children's privacy rights, read about the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act at the FTC's website.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
Please be aware of the University’s GDPR Privacy Notice that
supplements this Privacy Statement. The GDPR Privacy Notice applies generally
to the provision of personal information by individuals in the European
Economic Area. The GDPR Privacy Notice explains how we meet our obligations
under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation with respect to
such information. The GDPR Privacy Notice can be found at https://www.utah.edu/privacy/gdpr.php.
Alternatives to Website Transactions
If you prefer not to provide information to CECE through our
websites, you may contact CECE to learn about available options.
Disclosure of Information
CECE does not disclose confidential information we collect
online to individuals or entities not affiliated with CECE, except in the
limited circumstances described below. Non-confidential information may be
disclosed or distributed pursuant to federal laws, state laws, and the
University of Utah’s additional policies as mentioned in their Privacy Policies.
Court Order or Public Safety.
CECE may be required to disclose confidential information
pursuant to a valid court order or lawfully issued and served subpoena, search
warrant, or other legal order. In addition, CECE may disclose confidential
information to law enforcement if CECE believes that disclosure is necessary to
protect CECE, to protect the health or safety of individuals, or if law
enforcement believes that CECE’s resources have been used in the commission of
a crime.
Contractors
CECE may contract with non-CECE service providers to provide services and
information through CECE’s websites. CECE may provide information, including
personal information collected on our websites; to non-CECE service providers
to assist CECE deliver classes, programs, products, information, and services.
CECE also contracts with non-CECE service providers to perform analysis,
research, and administrative activities for CECE. CECE requires non-CECE
service providers to protect personal information on our behalf.
Security
CECE takes steps to ensure that confidential information
collected online is secure. These steps include: ongoing User education; using
tools in an effort to restrict unauthorized access, viruses, phishing, and hacking attempts; and monitoring activity
to identify potential system threats. CECE routinely assesses and enhances
tools and processes available to strengthen our online security.
Contact Information
If you believe CECE has not adhered to this Privacy
Statement, please contact CECE’s privacy team at marketing@continue.utah.edu. CECE
will use reasonable efforts to address your concerns; although there may be
circumstances where we cannot assist.
Changes
Any changes we make to this Privacy Statement will be
published on our website.
Effective: 5.15.2019
Revised: 5.15.2019