http://conted.ucalgary.ca/info/privacy.jsp
The following fields are required:
Error has occurred.
Please reload this page and try the operation again.
Login
Login
Menu
My Account
Instructor Login
Toggle navigation
My Account
Instructor Login
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Our Mission and Mandate
Our Director
Our History
Program Areas
Certifications
Designations
Info for Students
Information for Students
Student Welcome Guide
International Students
Search
Site Search
Continuing Education is committed to protecting the privacy of its students.
Collection of your personal information Personal information is collected under the authority of the Post-Secondary Learning Act. When you register with Continuing Education you will create a student profile. Accessing your personal information When you have created a student profile you will be sent a UCID number and password. You can access your personal information through your account using the assigned UCID number and password. Within the student portal you can choose to receive promotional information about Continuing Education courses and programs. Use of your personal information The information you submit will form part of your student record. It is required to confirm your identity, respond to your inquiries, send you information about your course or program, and to prepare aggregate statistical data.
Security of your personal information We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. Data is stored on University of Calgary servers which are secured and maintained in accordance with the information security policies. Changes to our privacy statement This statement may be updated from time to time. Please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of the terms. University of Calgary Privacy Policy Click here to view the University of Calgary's privacy policy. Contact us If you have any questions, please contact us at: 403-220-2866 or via email.
Required fields are indicated by .
By continuing to use this site, you permit us to place cookies on your browser and agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Digital Privacy Statement. Please review the Digital Privacy Statement for details and instructions on changing your cookie preferences.
Session Time-Out
For security reasons and the protection of your personal information, your session will time out due to a period of inactivity in
minute(s) and
second(s). Click Extend My Session to continue.
For security reasons and the protection of your personal information, your session timed out after a period of inactivity. You will be redirected to the home page.
Extend My Session
OK
Confirm
OK
Cancel
Alert
OK
Close dialog
Privacy Policy
The University of Calgary is committed to protecting the privacy of its students.
Your information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
It will be used for your registration in UCalgary non-credit events, conferences and courses.
If you have any concerns about the use of your personal information, please contact Continuing Education Registration Services at conted@ucalgary.ca or 403.220.2866
*Close
Close dialog
Cookie Policy
*Close