https://contractorschool.com/privacy/
Skip to content
State RequirementsClassificationsA through C-31A-General Engineering Contractors LicenseB General Building Contractors LicenseC-2 Insulation and Acoustical Contractors LicenseC-4 Boiler Hot Water Heating and Steam Fitting Contractors LicenseC-5 Framing and Rough Carpentry Contractors LicenseC-6 Cabinet Millwork and Finish Carpentry Contractors LicenseC-7 Low Voltage Systems Contractors LicenseC-8 Concrete Contractors LicenseC-9 Drywall Contractors LicenseC-10 Electrical Contractors LicenseC-11 Elevator Contractors LicenseC-12 Earthwork and Paving Contractors LicenseC-13 Fencing Contractors LicenseC-15 Flooring and Floor Covering Contractors LicenseC-16 Fire Protection Contractors LicenseC-17 Glazing Contractors LicenseC-20 Warm Air Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning Contractors License – HVACC-21 Building Moving Demolition Contractors LicenseC-22 Asbestos Abatement Contractors LicenseC-23 Ornamental Metal Contractors LicenseC-27 Landscaping Contractors LicenseC-28 Lock and Security Equipment Contractors LicenseC-29 Masonry Contractors LicenseC-31 Construction Zone Traffic Control Contractors LicenseC-32 through C-61C-32 Parking and Highway Improvement Contractors LicenseC-33 Painting and Decorating Contractors LicenseC-34 Pipeline Contractors LicenseC-35 Lathing and Plastering Contractors LicenseC-36 Plumbing Contractors LicenseC-38 Refrigeration Contractors LicenseC-39 Roofing Contractors LicenseC-42 Sanitation System Contractors LicenseC-43 Sheet Metal Contractors LicenseC-45 Sign Contractors LicenseC-46 Solar Contractors LicenseC-47 General Manufactured Housing Contractors LicenseC-50 Reinforcing Steel Contractors LicenseC-51 Structural Steel Contractors LicenseC-53 – Swimming Pool Contractors LicenseC-54 Ceramic and Mosaic Tile Contractors LicenseC-55 Water Conditioning Contractors LicenseC-57 Water Well Drilling Contractors LicenseC-60 Welding Contractors LicenseC-61 Limited Specialty Contractors LicenseASB-Asbestos Abatement CertificationHAZ-Hazardous Substance Removal CertificationThe ExamExam PreparationGuaranteeFeesAdding ClassificationsLocationsNorCal & VenturaSacramento Valley and NorthSan Francisco Bay AreaVentura/Santa Barbara AreaSoCalLos Angeles Metropolitan AreaSan Bernardino RegionSan Diego RegionEnroll NowSend Me a BrochureContact Privacy PolicyHome/Privacy Policy Privacy Policymark@passexam.com2017-04-10T14:06:52-07:00Last updated: April 16, 2015Please read this policy and if you have any questions contact us. Remember, you always have a choice -send us an email to opt-in or opt-out of our use of your personal information at info@contractorschool.com.By using the site you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy.School is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection, use and disclosure of personal information. The terms of this policy apply to all personal information collected by School on the website https://contractorschool.com/://www.passexamcom and https://contractorschool.com/://www.contractorschool.com and https://contractorschool.com/:\www.cslb.com. This site is operated by School, a division of License Instruction Schools, Inc. (“School”) and may be accessed in the United States and abroad. For personal information protection purposes, School is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of the personal information. Information collected may be retained as long as it is reasonably required for the purposes it was collected.You may forward any questions, comments or complaints that you might have about this privacy policy to: info@contractorschool.comConsent to Collection of Your Personal InformationWhen you visit this site, certain kinds of non-personal information, such as the website that referred you to us, your IP address, browser type and language, and access times, may be collected automatically as part of the site’s operation. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site. Demographic information (e.g., your occupation, hobbies, gender, or interests) may also be collected and may be linked to your personal information. We only collect personal information about you after you have provided us with your consent to collect that specific information. By voluntarily providing this information to us, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.Personal information includes: information collected when you register including your member name and password, your name, your mailing address, email address, and phone number. information collected when you make a purchase including your credit card number and billing address. if you become a contributor, information collected when you sign-up as a contributor You may always choose not to provide personal information, but if you so choose, certain products and services may not be available to you.Use of Your Personal InformationSchool collects and uses your personal information to: create and manage your membership account; process your transactions; provide customer service; perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; to display content that is customized to your interests and preferences; to run Interactive Areas; to communicate with you about your transactions, new products and services. We may send transaction-related communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, and purchase confirmations. We may also send you surveys or marketing communications to inform you of new products or services or other information or offers that may be of interest. These surveys or marketing communications may come from School. If you do not wish to receive surveys or marketing communications, you may email us with “unsubscribe” as the Subject of your email. Please keep in mind that, if you choose not to receive marketing communications, you will continue to receive transactional or account communications (e.g., confirmation emails and account balance statements).Personal information collected by School may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which School or its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by providing us with your personal information and using our sites or services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. If you would like to exercise any of your personal information protection rights (including the right to have your personal information deleted), please contact us at info@contractorschool.com.Disclosing Your Personal InformationExcept as set out in this privacy policy, School does not disclose or sell your personal information to any third-parties. We may disclose your personal information to third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfill orders and shipments, to assist in marketing, to conduct audits, etc. Those third-party service providers (i) shall be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service, (ii) must protect personal information to the same extent as School, and (iii) shall be prohibited from using it for any other purpose.Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of the company and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We will notify you of such an occurrence as described in the “Changes to This Privacy Policy” section below. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required or permitted to do so by law.Accessing Your Personal InformationIf you would like to review or revise information that you previously provided to us, please contact as at info@contractorschool.com.Personal Information PreferencesSchool respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal information. If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive surveys or marketing communications from us, please let us know by emailing info@contractorschool.com.If you choose not to receive marketing communications, please be advised that you will continue to receive transactional or account communications (e.g., confirmation emails and account balance statements).Use of Cookies and Other TechnologiesSchool may use “cookies” to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive. Cookies contain information, including personal information, that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information, session identification number and your navigational history and preferences.In some cases, our third-party service providers may use cookies on our sites. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by School only, and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our sites and services that depend on cookies but you will be able to perform basic navigation through the site. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies, including single-pixel gifs (also known as web beacons) on our websites and in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters. These tiny electronic images assist us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters. We do not use these images to collect personal information.Security of Your Personal InformationThe security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to help protect your personal information including without limitation: limiting access to your personal information to those of our employees who require it to provide services to you; requiring employees to sign confidentiality agreements to protect customer and other confidential information; ensuring that third-party service providers sign confidentiality agreements to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and not to use it for any unauthorized purposes; encrypting credit card information on our order forms using secure socket layer (SSL) technology; and storing your personal information in secure computer systems which protect it from unauthorized access or use. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.If a password is used to protect your account and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.Forums & Other Interactive ServicesOur sites may include discussion forums or other interactive areas or services, including blogs, chat rooms, bulletin boards, message boards, online hosting or storage services, or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post or store any content, messages, comments, materials or other items on the sites (“Interactive Areas”). If you use an Interactive Area, you should be aware that these areas are open to the public and any personal information you post or provide at registration may be viewable by others. We are not responsible for personal information you submit in connection with the Interactive Areas, nor are we responsible for how others might use that information, including to send you unsolicited messages. Interactive Area postings may be retained indefinitely. If at any time you would like to remove a posting, please email us at info@contractorschool.com. Keep in mind that removal of a posting from an Interactive Area does not mean that the posting will be deleted from our systems.Email ReferralsIf you choose to use our email referral services to tell a friend about our products or services (including promotional campaigns, new websites, job postings, etc.), we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will use that information to send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site and review the product or service you have selected. We may use a third-party provider to administer this function, but any such third-party provider may only use the information submitted to facilitate this one-time email.ChildrenWe do not intend to solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 without parental consent. If you are under 18, you shall not use or enter information on this site, including without limitation, any Interactive Areas of the site without parental consent. Please email us at info@contractorschool.com to obtain the necessary parental consent forms.LinksWe may link to websites, including those of our subsidiaries and third-party content providers, that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites, and encourage you to become acquainted with them prior to use.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. When we make changes, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If there are material changes to this statement or in how School will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page, or by sending you an email. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our sites.