https://contemporarycraft.org/about/privacy/
Skip to Navigation Skip to the Content of this Page Back to the Accessibility Menu
Reserve your visit!
Expanded holiday hours through December 23!
Contemporary Craft is committed to providing quality content and programming, and to protect the data privacy for all of our constituencies. This privacy policy governs the way we collect and use information both online and offline. Your use of this website or provision of personal information to Contemporary Craft as described below constitutes your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy.
If you have questions or comments about the privacy of the information you provide, please contact Contemporary Craft at info@contemporarycraft.org or call the office at 412-261-7003.
Last Updated April 15, 2019
How We Collect and Use the Information
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Contemporary Craft, including but not limited to mail, telephone, email, online transactions, and onsite visits. Contemporary Craft only collects personal information, which you knowingly and voluntarily provide. As a donor, student and/or visitor of Contemporary Craft, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
The personal information that you supply will allow us to appropriately respond to your requests and to provide a variety of services at Contemporary Craft. Personal information regarding your interests will allow us to provide materials to meet your specific needs. Contemporary Craft may, for example, use the personal information to customize offers, target communications through mail and email, and to present you with retargeted advertising on third party website and/or social media platforms.
Contemporary Craft or its designees may, from time to time, compile statistics on this website’s visitors using Google Analytics, and/or work with others on compiling statistics or performing other quantitative analysis. In these situations, the information that you provide may be used to aggregate statistical information to analyze visitor interests or other aspects of non-profit organization-related activities. The information aggregated will not include any personal information or identify individual visitors, but rather to provide insights to improve this website.
Contemporary Craft is the sole owner of information you voluntarily submit to us and will not share the personal information you have provided outside of the parameters stated below: If at any time it becomes reasonably necessary, Contemporary Craft will only release the personal information that you have provided to comply with a court order, or protect the rights, property or safety of Contemporary Craft, its personnel, the users of its sites, or others.
Opting Out
Contemporary Craft regularly sends emails to constituencies who have opted-in to receive our monthly e-newsletter. Email recipients may choose to “opt out” at any time by following the “unsubscribe” instructions included on the bottom of the email message or by contacting the office via email (info@contemporarycraft.org) or phone (412-261-7003).
Information Collected Automatically
Contemporary Craft may automatically collect information relating to visitors when they access our website. Contemporary Craft may use technologies such as “cookies” and “pixel tags” to improve the functioning of our website and your experience.
Cookies are data files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are widely used because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device and therefore allow enhanced functionality.
Contemporary Craft uses cookies for the following purposes:
to compile statistical data on the use of our website and its functioning, so that we can monitor and improve it;
to facilitate users’ ability to navigate through our website, including to allow workshop registration and online; and
to allow us to share our web pages via social media platforms.
Pixel tags are tiny graphical images embedded in emails or webpages. Pixel tags are used to determine what parts of a website a visitor has viewed, or whether an email was successfully opened. These technologies do not contain any personal information about you; they are used to gather information to analyze traffic to this website, to improve our content and navigation, to enhance our marketing efforts, to personalize your experience, and to provide online display advertising, and/or offline advertising, tailored to your interests based on your online behavior.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change the preference on your browser to reject them. Most areas of this website will function without cookies, but may affect your ability to use certain features of our website. For an optimal experience with our site, we recommend that you allow cookies.
Information Security
Contemporary Craft uses third-party online tools to collect information. Online information provided to Contemporary Craft is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. For detailed security process, please consult the privacy policies from the third parties that Contemporary Craft utilize to determine their practices.
If you make a transaction on-site, over the phone, through the mail, or online from Contemporary Craft, we will ask you to provide only the information necessary to process your order. For reasons of security, Contemporary Craft does not store credit card information permanently on any of its servers. Information collected via email, mail and telephone is stored in a secure database that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Contemporary Craft.
Contemporary Craft makes every reasonable effort to ensure the security of transactions that occur on this website. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information.
Information From Children
Contemporary Craft does not solicit personal information from children on this website and does not direct any marketing specifically for children. Parents and guardians are asked to instruct their children not to provide any personal information in any requests they send to Contemporary Craft.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Contemporary Craft reserves the right to change this policy without notice. Please periodically check this page for the current policy. By continued use of this website, you agree to such amended policy.
Connect:Sign up for our newsletter list:
Name*
First
Last
Email Address*
Visit the Contemporary Craft blog!