https://creativityatwork.com/about/privacy-terms-of-use/
Skip to contentPrivacy & Terms of Use
Privacy & Terms of UseLinda Naiman2020-09-23T11:12:44-07:00Privacy Policy:Updated Sept 23, 2020Who we areThis website is owned by Linda Naiman, founder of Creativity at Work (CAW)
https://www.creativityatwork.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect itWe collect personal data, such as your name, email address, phone number, and mailing address, and transactional data, such as purchase information:when you contact CAW using the website contact form,when you subscribe to the CAW newsletter,and when you make a purchase via CAW.We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.Contact formsPersonal data is captured when someone submits a contact form. Contact form submissions are kept indefinatly in the WP database for customer service purposes, but we do not sell the information submitted through them to third parties. You can request your contact info be removed at any time.Forms Plugins include Gravity Forms and WP Amp,Contact form data is stored in the CAW WordPress websiteWP Amp: Privacy policy: https://ampforwp.com/ampforwp-is-now-gdpr-compliant-a-step-forward-towards-privacy/Gravity Forms privacy policy: https://www.gravityforms.com/privacy/Subscriptions:We use Mailchimp to send you email updates when you subscribe to Creativity at Work. Read their privacy policy here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/Displaying content from external platformsGoogle Fonts (Google Inc.)Privacy Policy CAW uses Google fonts. Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.SPAM protectionGoogle reCAPTCHAanalyzes the traffic of Gravityforms.com and Gravityhelp.com, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Shield participant.CookiesCAW uses cookies via Google Analytics and does not collect personal data. Any information you send to Creativity at Work, remains private and will never be sold to other parties. Google Analytics protects the confidentiality of Google Analytics data in several ways:The Google Analytics terms of service, which all Google Analytics customers must adhere to, prohibit sending personally identifiable information (PII) to Google Analytics. PII includes any data that can be used by Google to reasonably identify an individual, including (but not limited to) names, email addresses, or billing information.Google Analytics data may not be shared without customer consent, except under certain limited circumstances, such as when required by law.Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is regulated and subject to the Employee Access Controls and Procedures.Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on Website users that don’t want their data reported by the Google Analytics JavaScript can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) to prohibit sending information to Google Analytics. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers. The Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services. Learn more about the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.Infolinks: Data may be collected for the purpose of Interest-Based Advertising on this website. Infolinks is CCPA compliant with the IAB Compliance Framework and will capture the opt-out and communicate with all IAB compliant tools. Infolinks privacy policy. You can Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising at https://optout.networkadvertising.org or at https://www.cookiepro.com/ccpa-opt-out/.Really Simple SSL and Really Simple SSL add-ons do not process any personal identifiable information, so the GDPR does not apply to these plugins or usage of these plugins on your website. You can find our privacy policy here.Litespeed-cacheThis site utilizes caching in order to facilitate a faster response time and better user experience. Caching potentially stores a duplicate copy of every web page that is on display on this site. All cache files are temporary, and are never accessed by any third party, except as necessary to obtain technical support from the cache plugin vendor. Cache files expire on a schedule set by the site administrator, but may easily be purged by the admin before their natural expiration, if necessary.Hosting: provided by WPCloud Inc.From the WPCloud.ca website:Owner and Data Controller: This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Website to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Website. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.This service utilizes caching in order to facilitate a faster response time and better user experience. Caching potentially stores a duplicate copy of every web page that is on display on this site. All cache files are temporary, and are never accessed by any third party, except as necessary to obtain technical support from the cache plugin vendor. WPCloud.ca is a hosting and backend service provided by WPCloud Inc.Place of processing: Canada – Privacy Policy – https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/18557277
Owner contact email: privacy@wpcloud.caEmbedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.How we protect your dataWPcloud monitors & protects CAW 24/7 from hackers & security threats.What third parties we receive data fromGoogle Analytics, see aboveWhat automated decision-making and/or profiling we do with user dataNoneRights of UsersUsers have the right to request their personal data collected on this website, be removed at any time.Contact informationLinda NaimanFounder, Creativity at Work:
804-2181 West 38th Ave, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, V6M 1R8
Tel:+1 604.327.1565Affiliate links disclosureAmazonOur website contains Amazon affiliate marketing links, which means we may get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about. Unless stated otherwise, editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. This disclosure is provided in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR § 255.5: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. We do not collect any data on behalf of Amazon. Privacy: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496Guest Post policyGuest posts are by invitation only and we do not respond respond to unsolicited inquiries.Terms of UsePLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY USING THE CREATIVITY AT WORK WEB SITE YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.The information on this Web Site is provided with the understanding that authors and publishers providing information, does not constitute the rendering of medical, professional advice or services. As such, information on this Web Site should not be relied upon or used as a substitute for consultation with professional advisors.Creativity at Work (Web Site) contains links to other web sites and we cannot be held responsible for their content. Creativity at Work  is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.By using this Web Site, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Linda Naiman dba Creativity at Work from  any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense, including but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, resulting directly or indirectly from a claim by a third party that is based on your use of this Web Site in violation of these terms.Copyright: All content on this site is copyright material, and you may quote brief passges, but you may not copy or distribute entire articles or graphics without the written permission of the publisher.Linking to our websiteYou have permission to add a link from creativityatwork.com to your website provided your site meets the following conditions:Your Site may NOT include:ProfanityViolence, racial intolerance, or advocate against any individual, group, or organizationHacking/cracking contentIllicit drugs and drug paraphernaliaPornography, adult, or mature contentGambling or casino-related contentAny other content that promotes illegal activity or infringes on the legal rights of othersPlease do not ask us to exchange links. We do not participate in link schemes designed to increase your site’s ranking or PageRank.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS PLEASE LEAVE THIS SITE. THANK YOU.
Linda Naiman, Founder, Creativity at Work
This website uses cookies and third party services to enhance your experience. See our privacy policy.
Ok
Go to Top