https://ctcl.org/privacy-policy/
This site and its member school sites are hosted in the United States and use of the website is subject to applicable United States federal and state laws. If you are a user from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the sites or services, which are governed by United States law, this privacy policy, and our terms of service, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. Additionally, you understand that your personal information may be processed in such a way that may be different or less stringent than in your home jurisdiction.
When you use our websites, we may collect certain information. Here is an overview of the information we collect, how we use it, and how to contact us for more information.
Our Commitment to Privacy
A number of pages within Colleges That Change Lives-owned website properties contain links to external sites. When you leave one of our website properties, you are subject to the use and privacy policy of each new site you visit.
If at any time we believe that your personal data has been compromised, we will immediately notify you and all other affected users.
You may choose not to provide us with any personal information. You can still access/use most of our websites; however, you will not be able to access and use any part that requires such information. If you would like to change any information that you have submitted, please send your request to webmaster@ctcl.org.
The Information We Collect
Personal Information: We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual (“Personally Identifiable Information,” or PII) only when you provide this information directly to us, such as voluntarily submitting a form or signing up for an email list. You do not have to provide any PII to use our websites; however, if you submit a form on our site, we may store the information we collect through that form. We may also collect information through your voluntary interaction with any of our public forums, including our social media platforms. Depending on the purpose for providing your PII, it may or may not be discarded.
Google Analytics: We use a variety of Google Analytics tools to gather information about how you use our websites and the devices you use to access them, such as your IP address, geographical location, length of visit, pages viewed, and browser preferences. We use this information to better understand site usage and to make improvements to the user experience. We will never (and will not allow any third-party to) use Google Analytics to track or to collect any PII of visitors to our sites. Google offers an opt-out browser add-on that provides visitors the ability to prevent Google Analytics from using their data.
Cookies: As you browse our websites, cookies (small files of basic information) may be placed on your computer so that we can learn more about how you arrived at our site and whether you’ve visited previously. You may choose not to accept cookies from our sites. Please refer to your specific browser for information on opting out or deleting cookies.
How We Use Your Information
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA): Please be advised that any time a user enters information, we will assume that the user is 13 or older.
Confidentiality: All personal information shared with us remains confidential. We do not share, sell, or rent your contact information to any third-party.
Communications: We may use PII you provide to us to communicate with you about our programs, events, and other news at Colleges That Change Lives (CTCL).
All updates to this policy will be posted on this page. The “last updated” date reflects the date of the most recent change.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy policy, please contact our Data Compliancy Officer, Maria Furtado.
Last updated: 08/29/2018
Learn More
College Profiles
Counselors Change Lives
Events
In The News
Recommended Reading
Speakers Bureau
The Director's Corner
CTCL College Search
Choose an area of study
Major
Area/Cultural/Ethnic/Gender/Group Studies
Art (art history, film, visual art, etc.)
Business (accounting, finance, marketing, etc.)
Communications/Journalism
Computing/Data Science/Mathematics/Statistics
Education (inc. teaching certification)
Engineering
Engineering (pre-engineering and 3:2 programs)
Health Sciences (human kinetics, public health studies, etc.)
Humanities (English, philosophy, religion, etc.)
Interdisciplinary/Self-Designed Majors
Languages
Ministry Studies
Natural Sciences (biology, chemistry, physics, etc.)
Nursing (inc. 2-2/cooperative programs)
Performing Arts (dance, music, theatre, etc.)
Pre-Professional Programs (dental, law, medical, ministerial, pharmacy, vet, etc.)
Social Sciences (anthropology, economics, psychology, etc.)
Choose a geographic region
Geographic Region
Midwest
Northeast
Northwest
South
Southwest
West
Choose a state
State
Alabama
Arkansas
California
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kentucky
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
New England
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
Choose a varsity sport
Varsity Athletics
Alpine Skiing (Men)
Alpine Skiing (Women)
Baseball (Men)
Baseball (Men)
Basketball (Men)
Basketball (Women)
Beach Volleyball (Women)
Cheer and Stunt (Men)
Cheer and Stunt (Women)
Cheerleading (Men)
Cheerleading (Women)
Crew (Men)
Crew (Women)
Cross Country (Men)
Cross Country (Women)
Distance Track (Men)
Distance Track (Women)
Equestrian (Men)
Equestrian (Women)
Fencing (Men)
Field Hockey (Women)
Football (Men)
Golf (Men)
Golf (Women)
Gymnastics (Women)
Hockey (Men)
Hockey (Women)
Indoor Track (Men)
Indoor Track (Women)
Indoor Track & Field (Men)
Indoor Track & Field (Women)
Lacrosse (Men)
Lacrosse (Women)
Nordic Skiing (Men)
Nordic Skiing (Women)
Rowing (Women)
Rugby (Women)
Sailing (Coed)
Sailing (Women)
Soccer (Men)
Soccer (Women)
Softball (Women)
Squash (Men)
Squash (Women)
Swimming (Men)
Swimming (Women)
Swimming and Diving (Men)
Swimming and Diving (Women)
Tennis (Men)
Tennis (Women)
Track and Field (Men)
Track and Field (Women)
Triathalon (Women)
Triathlon (Women)
Volleyball (Men)
Volleyball (Women)
Water Polo (Men)
Water Polo (Women)
Wrestling (Men)
Does the school offer a test-optional application process?
Test Optional?
Yes
Type in any search term here Follow
facebook
twitter
instagram