https://cuadc.org/privacy-policy/
We're the largest and oldest student drama society in Cambridge and the resident company at the ADC Theatre.
Home
Shows & Events
Get Involved
Membership
Putting on a show
About Us
Alumni
Committee
Constitution
History
Resources
ADC Workshop Toolcodes
Props Store
Costume Store
Job Guides
Technical Documents
Admin Documents
Committee Meeting Minutes
THIS WEEK
No show this week
QUICK LINKS
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Theatre Wiki
Library
Contact Us
Feedback
ADC Theatre Website
Privacy Policy
© CUADC 2020
Privacy Policy
CUADC’s main privacy policy can be found online here.
Who we are
The Amateur Dramatic Club of the University of Cambridge.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect and process your personal information in order to communicate with you about current events, opportunities and information.
We do this using the contact information you provided when signing up.
A Producer may collect personal information for a show you are participating in.
To do this we need a legal basis which in this case is the consent you gave at the point you become a member of the society and which you can withdraw at any time, including by resigning your membership.
Analytics
CUADC does not currently use website analytics.
Mailing list emails from MailChimp are tracked using a single-pixel image.
Who we share your data with
Personal information is not shared outside of the society and its members.
When buying tickets with the ADC, sometimes CUADC members can access discounted prices or offers to shows.
The Returning Officer for Committee Elections has access to members information for the purpose of eligibility when voting.
Your information may be shared with venues and members of the show’s company, used in programmes and other publicity, and shared further as required by the show.
How long we retain your data
We keep your personal information for as long as we need it, and usually for as long as your CRSid is active.
If you’ve provided us with a personal email address and consent to be moved to the alumni list upon graduating, we might contact you occasionally about alumni events.
What rights you have over your data
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, to delete personal information, or otherwise restrict our processing, or to object to processing or communications, or to receive an electronic copy of the personal information you provided to us. Please note that all of these rights are qualified in various ways.
If you have questions or concerns about how your personal information is used, please contact us using the above details.
If you remain unhappy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF (https://ico.org.uk/).
Last updated: 21 May 2018
Cambridge University Amateur Dramatic Club