https://curc.org.uk/info/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Cambridge University Railway Club Privacy Notice
How we use your personal information – Cambridge University Railway Club
This statement explains how the Cambridge University Railway Club handles and uses the personal information we collect about our members and other people for processes relating to our operations and activities.
When changes are made to this statement, we will publish the updated version on our website.
The controller for your personal information is the Cambridge University Railway Club. The person responsible for data protection within our society is the President who can be contacted at railway[at]cusu.cam.ac.uk.
How we use your personal information
We collect and process your personal information for a number of purposes, including:
•    Maintaining your personal details (e.g. your name and preferred contact details), including ensuring effective communications with you.
•    Keeping financial records (e.g. payment of your membership fees).
•    Maintaining a formal record of your activities with us.
•    Undertaking research into our activities.
•    Managing complaints made to us.
•    Managing society alumni relations.
Our normal legal basis for processing your personal information is that we believe it is in our legitimate interests to do so, in order for the society to run effectively and efficiently, and as we only collect and use minimal information for the limited purposes listed here we do not consider that your own interests override ours. If we use your personal information outside of the purposes listed here, we will seek your consent to do so in advance.
We keep your personal information for as long as we need it.
How we share your personal information
•    Personal information is not shared outside of the society and its members.
•    Members participating in certain activities may be required to provide additional personal information for the purpose of that activity to be shared with the host.
•    We may use University IT facilities to store electronic copies of personal information.
We may also be subject to a legal requirement (with or without your consent) to share your personal information with the University or a government agency (such as the police or security services or other statutory authorities with investigatory powers) under special circumstances (e.g. relating to tax, crime or health and safety).  Where feasible and appropriate, we will notify you of our intention to share such information in advance.
We primarily communicate with our members using mailing list. If we need to communicate with members separately from mailing list, the members will be emailed via a blind carbon copy, so that their email addresses will not be made public.
Your rights
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, to delete personal information, or otherwise restrict our processing, or to object to processing or communications, or to receive an electronic copy of the personal information you provided to us. Please note that all of these rights are qualified in various ways.
If you have questions or concerns about how your personal information is used, please contact us using the above details.
If you remain unhappy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF (https://ico.org.uk/).
NewsCURC FacebookContact Email: railway#cusu.cam.ac.uk
Privacy notice
Facebook
LinkedIn
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. They are turned on by default, but you can alter the setting if you wish. Read more Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy notice
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.