http://currier.org/website-terms-conditions/
Website Terms and Conditions | Currier Museum of Art
Visit
Hours and Information
Tours
Museum Tours
School Tours
Frank Lloyd Wright Tours
For Families
Winter Garden Café
Museum Shop
Guest FAQs
Guest Feedback
Accessibility
On View
Upcoming Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Community Gallery
Art
Search the Collection
Frank Lloyd Wright Houses
Library
Artists-in-Residence
Reproductions
Programs
Calendar
Adult Programs
The Art of Hope
Making Art Accessible
The Currier Memory Café
The Side Door Music Series
Family Activities
Impact in the Community
Support
Chandler House Restoration Fund
Tomie dePaola Art Education Fund
Membership
Institutional and Library Members
Charitable Giving
Sponsorship
Volunteers
Classes
Currier Art Center Fall Session 2
Scholarships
Earn and Learn Teen Volunteer Program
Outreach
General Information
About
News
Weddings
Private Events
Secret Life of Art
History and Mission
Employment and Internship
Annual Reports
Contact Us
Select Page
Website Terms and Conditions
We have taken every effort to design our Web site to be useful, informative, helpful, honest and fun.  Hopefully we’ve accomplished that — and would ask that you let us know if you’d like to see improvements or changes that would make it even easier for you to find the information you need and want. If you have suggestions about how we might do that you can contact the webmaster here.
The Currier Museum of Art supports “fair use” of its website content. All we ask is that you agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions. Take a few minutes to look them over because by using our site you automatically agree to them. Naturally, if you don’t agree, please do not use the site. We reserve the right to make any modifications that we deem necessary at any time. Please continue to check these terms to see what those changes may be! Your continued use of the currier.org, collections.currier.org or the library.currier.org Web sites means that you accept those changes.
THANKS AGAIN FOR VISITING!
Restrictions on Use of Our Online Materials
All Online Materials on the currier.org site, including, without limitation, text, software, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, trade names, images, photos, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, music the rights of privacy and publicity are copyrighted intellectual property. All usage rights are owned and controlled by the Currier Museum of Art and may also be subject to third party rights. Commercial use or publication without express written permission from the Currier Museum of Art is strictly prohibited.
For cases where permission is granted (for personal, educational and non-commercial use only) in accordance with scholarly practice, citing the author/artist and the source is mandatory.
Submitting Your Online Material to Us
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, comments, or other information that you send to currier.org through our site (other than information we promise to protect under our privacy policy becomes and remains our property, even if this agreement is later terminated.
That means that we don’t have to treat any such submission as confidential. You can’t sue us for using ideas you submit. If we use them, or anything like them, we don’t have to pay you or anyone else for them. We will have the exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. We can use them for any purpose we deem appropriate to the Currier Museum of Art’s mission, without compensating you or anyone else for them.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. This means that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Limitation of Liability
The Currier Museum of Art will not be liable for any damages or injury that accompany or result from your use of any of its site.
These include (but are not limited) to damages or injury caused by any:
Use of (or inability to use) the site
Use of (or inability to use) any site to which you hyperlink from our site
Failure of our site to perform in the manner you expected or desired
Errors or omissions on our site
Interruption of the availability of our site
Defect on our site
Delay in operation or transmission of our site
Computer virus or line failure
*Please note that we are not liable for any damages, including:
Damages intended to compensate someone directly for a loss or injury
Consequential damages
Incidental damages.
However, in any event, our liability to you for all losses, damages, injuries and claims of any and every kind (whether the damages are claimed under the terms of a contract, or claimed to be caused by negligence or other wrongful conduct, or they’re claimed under any other legal theory) will not be greater than the amount that you paid, if anything, to access our site.
Links to Other Site
We sometimes provide referrals to and links to other World Wide Web sites from our site. Such a link should not be seen as an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites you can access through our site. If in doubt, always check the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) address provided in your WWW browser to see if you are still in a currier.org operated site or have moved to another site. currier.org is not responsible for the content or practices of third party sites that may be linked to our site. When currier.org provides links or references to other Web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that currier.org is connected with, operates or controls these Web sites. Any approved link must not represent in any way, either explicitly or by implication, that you have received the endorsement, sponsorship or support of any currier.org site or endorsement, sponsorship or support of currier.org, including its respective employees, agents or directors.
Termination of This Agreement
This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time, by destroying all materials obtained from all currier.org Web sites, along with all related documentation and all copies and installations. currier.org may terminate this agreement at any time and without notice to you, if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials. In addition, by providing material on our Web site, we do not in any way promise that the materials will remain available to you. And currier.org is entitled to terminate all or any part of any of its Web site without notice to you.
Jurisdiction and Other Points to Consider
If you use our site from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such jurisdiction.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate currier.org and/or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights, currier.org and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of New Hampshire, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Manchester, NH. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Manchester, NH, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
currier.org may modify these Terms of Use, and the agreement they create, at any time, simply by updating this posting and without notice to you. This is the ENTIRE agreement regarding all the matters that have been discussed.
On View
ARTalk
Tue
20
Virtual Artalk Skawennati
October 20, 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
View More…
Night Life
Thu
15
Art After Work featuring the Jim Dozet Duo
October 15, 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Thu
22
Art After Work featuring Joel Cage
October 22, 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Thu
29
Art After Work
October 29, 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm
View More…
Workshops
Dec
05
2 Day Workshop: Fun with Calligraphy (Adult) – Online
December 5, 10:00 am - 1:00 pm
View More…
150 Ash Street
Manchester, NH 03104
phone: 603.669.6144
e-newsletter signup
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
© 2017 Currier Museum of Art, All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
We use cookies to connect people with art. Analytics and personalized content make your website experience more enjoyable. Find out more.Okay, thanks