https://datasecurity.acadiau.ca/policies-guidelines/cookie-policy.html
Commitment to Privacy
Acadia University is committed to providing our faculty, staff, students and visitors with websites that respect their privacy. Acadia's websites do not gather personal information from you (i.e. name, phone number or email address) unless you provide it voluntarily in an online form or email. Acadia and/or University employees will only use this information for the explicit purpose for which it was given. We will not sell, rent or share your personal information with anyone.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers to help us understand website traffic and web page usage. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Disclaimer
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy- external site and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google- external site.
Acadiau.ca also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
Cookies
To improve your experience on our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Contact
Ian MurrayChief Privacy Officer Acadia University15 University AveWolfville, NS B4P 2R6 ian.murray@acadiau.ca902.585.1142
Lisa SpeigelTechnology Business CoordinatorUniversity Hall, Room 15515 University AveWolfville, NS, B4P 2R6lisa.speigel@acadiau.ca902-585-1173
Skip navigation
Home
Privacy and Security Pledge
Policies & Guidelines
Commitment to Privacy
Personal Information
Disclosure of Information
Request for Access to Information
Confidentiality Agreement
Breaches
Employee Resources
Acadia Home
COVID-19
Apply Now
Donate to Acadia
Also of Interest:Acadia UniversityApply for Admission