https://delart.org/privacy-policy/
The Museum is open to the public. View COVID-19 Health & Safety Procedures.
Privacy PolicyIntroduction
The Delaware Art Museum (hereinafter referred to as the Museum) is committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. All information gathered from you in connection with your use of this website is governed by the Museum’s Privacy Policy for Website Visitors as set forth here.
Your use of our website indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Data by Museum
The Museum does not systematically collect or record personal identification data, such as names, addresses, phone numbers, gender identity, or other personally identifying data (the Personal Data) from visitors to the website, unless such data is voluntarily submitted by visitors for the purposes outlined below.
Online Memberships and Donations; Programs, Event Tickets, and Studio Art Classes
When you perform any of the following transactions online through the website:
Purchase a Delaware Art Museum Membership
Make a donation
Purchase online tickets (including tickets for performances, lectures, and other educational programs offered by the Museum)
Enroll in Studio Art Classes
The Museum and its third party merchants and agents will request information necessary to process and acknowledge your request: your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. Your credit card information will be used only for the purpose of processing and documenting the transaction. Your Personal Data may be used as set forth below. See Use of Personal Data by the Museum and Disclosure of Personal Data to Others.
Please note that when you perform any of the above-mentioned transactions online, you exit the Museum website and enter the website of our online merchants, Wufoo and Altru, a Blackbaud product. Click here to read Wufoo’s independent privacy policy that governs Wufoo’s use of personal data, which is collected during your purchase. Click here to read Blackbaud’s privacy policy that governs Altru’s use of personal data, which may also be collected during your purchase.
Online Store PurchasesWhen you order a product from the Delaware Art Museum Online Store, the Museum and its third party merchants and agents will request information necessary to process your order: your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. Your credit card information will be used only for the purpose of processing and documenting the transaction. Your Personal Data may be used as set forth below. See Use of Personal Data by the Museum and Disclosure of Personal Data to Others.
Please note that when you purchase a Museum Store product online, you exit the Museum website and enter the website of our store merchant, PayPal. PayPal has an independent privacy policy that governs PayPal’s use of personal data, which is collected during your purchase. For more information, click here for PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
E-NewslettersFrom time to time, the Museum may offer website visitors the opportunity to subscribe to one or more online newsletters. If you choose to subscribe, the Museum or its third-party affiliate(s) will request such information, including personal data, as is necessary to process your subscription. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by following the associated instructions.
Online SurveysFrom time to time, the Museum may offer website visitors the opportunity to participate in an online survey. If you choose to participate, the Museum or its third-party affiliate(s) will request such information, including personal data, as is necessary to process your survey results. The Museum will in each instance provide a specific policy governing the use of personal data collected from such a survey.
CookiesWith respect to cookies, the Museum does not set any cookies
Use of Personal Data by the Museum
Unless specifically noted otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the Museum may use your personal data to notify you of events, programs, sales at the Museum Store, and special offers and promotions related to the Museum. We may also request your participation in surveys.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Others
Aggregate InformationThe Museum may compile and provide aggregate statistics about website visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related information to third parties, but such information will not specify personal data.
Credit CardsThe Museum will not share, rent, or sell your credit card information with third parties.
Personal DataThe Museum may share your personal data, as collected under the circumstances outlined above, with other reputable organizations, such as other nonprofits, art institutions, and media companies.
Do Not Contact
If you do not want to be contacted by the Museum, or if you do not want the Museum to share your personal data, please let us know by writing to info@delart.org.
Children 12 Years Old and UnderPlease note that the website is not specifically dedicated to children and the Museum does not actively solicit information from children. Children under the age of 12 are required to obtain permission from an adult before submitting information to the website.
Website SecurityThe Museum’s website employs industry-standard 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. SSL encodes your personal data, including credit card name and number, as it travels over the Internet so that all transactions are secure. If you prefer, you may also place an order with the Delaware Art Museum Online Store by calling 302-351-8542. You may purchase a Membership or inquire about making a donation by calling 302-351-8526.
Links
The Museum may provide links to other third-party websites and other websites may provide links to the Museum website. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policy. The Museum has no control over such third-party websites and therefore you acknowledge and agree that the Museum is not responsible for the availability of such third party websites and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites. You further acknowledge and agree that the Museum will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites.
Changes to our Policy
The Museum may amend this Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on this page.
Learn More
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our online practices, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Molly Giordano
Interim Executive Director
mgiordano@delart.org
302.351.8515
×