https://districtadministration.com/privacy-policy/
Closes in 10 seconds
skip ×
This will close in 10 seconds
skip ×
This search is limited to articles published in the last three years. For a more comprehensive search of every issue, please visit our nxtbook media page.
Type your search term above
Privacy Policy
LRP Media Group Privacy Policy
Updated Privacy Policy (effective January 2020)
LRP Media Group values the trust our customers place in us when they give us access to their personal information.  Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) carefully as it sets out important information relating to how we collect and use your personal information and your choices and rights regarding our use of your personal information.  In this Policy, references to “we,” “us,” or “LRP” are references to LRP Media Group, LRP Publications, Inc., LRP Conferences, LLC and HRM Asia Pte.  These LRP Media Group companies will have access to information or individuals covered by this Policy.
This Policy also describes our practices when using your information we receive when you:
express an interest in or sign up for our events or products including books, newsletters, apps, conferences, expos, webinars, and e-books, or activate an LRP user account and/or license;
attend an LRP event, conference or expo; or
visit our websites or social media sites.
This Policy will apply whether you provided the information directly to us or we obtained it from a different source, such as a third party.
LRP is a business-to-business media organization that is based in the United States. We do not market to residents of the European Union.  We comply with U.S. laws governing the privacy of personal information which may not provide the same level of data protection as provided under the laws of other countries.
Your use of LRP websites, attendance at an LRP event and/or provision of your personally identifiable information, sensitive personal information, or demographic information to LRP constitutes your consent to the use, storage, processing and transfer of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
LRP Privacy Statement
Throughout LRP websites, there are forms for visitors to request information, products, and services. These forms may ask for contact information (such as your phone number, fax number, street address, email address, employer name and job title), unique identifiers (usually your LRP customer number, if one is available, or other log-in credential), financial information (such as your credit card number), or demographic information (for example your location, certification designation, etc.). Contact information from these forms is used to provide the products, promotional materials, or memberships that you request. Forms on our site that request financial information do so in order to bill you for products or services ordered. Unique identifiers are collected from website visitors to verify the user’s identity for access to restricted content or features on the site.
This LRP Privacy Policy discloses LRP’s privacy practices and contains detailed information about the following:
Data Collection and Use
Special Categories of Information
Further Information
LRP Cookie Policy
Data Security
Personal Information Retention Periods
Choices About Your Personal Information
Your California Privacy Rights
Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to:
LRP Media Group
360 Hiatt Drive
Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33418
1-800-727-1227
custserve@lrp.com
LRP will update this Policy from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Data Collection and Use
Information we collect from purchasers of or users of:
·         Our books, pamphlets, e-learning products and other product offerings;
·         Our public and subscription-based websites;
·         Our apps; and
·         LRP social media sites such as Facebook or Twitter.
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Information you provide when you enter information on our websites, such as when you provide contact details, payment card information, answer online questionnaires, or feedback forms;
Information you provide when you subscribe to newsletters such as name, email address, job title;
Information you provide when registering for an online or LRP account, including name, email address, job title, organization, organization’s physical address, direct telephone number, photograph, and biographical details;
Where you have an online or LRP account, log-in credentials and information about your use of and preferences for these services; and
URLs of webpages visited.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Enabling you to access your LRP accounts across devices;
Personalizing your experience of our websites, newsletters and apps;
Administering our websites, newsletters and apps;
Enabling networking opportunities based on your background, experience, and interests;
Providing more customized client service;
Marketing and advertising;
Investigating complaints; and
Monitoring social media content to manage relations with our clients and promote our business and brand.
We use this information because:
It is necessary to perform our obligations or exercise our contractual rights;
It is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations;
We have a legitimate business interest to:
o    Promote our brand and business through our websites, newsletters and through social media tools;
o    Monitor, investigate and report any attempts to breach the security of our websites;
o    Provide and improve our services including, but not limited to, our apps;
o    Operate our business; and
We have your consent (where required under applicable law) to use your information for marketing. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent by contacting us.
Information we collect about the use of our websites, newsletters and apps from users.
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Information captured in our web logs such as device information (e.g. device brand and model, screen dimensions), unique identification numbers (e.g. IP address and device ID), and browser information (e.g. URL, browser type, pages visited, date/time of access), geo-location and other device-specific information, Internet connection information;
Advertising information (such as size/type of ad, ad impressions, location/format of ad, data about interactions with ad);
Behavioral information (such as information on the behavior or presumed interests of individuals which are linked to those individuals and may be used to create a user profile); and
Information captured by our cookies.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Personalizing the experience of our websites, newsletters and apps;
Administering our websites, newsletters and apps;
Performing statistical and trend analysis to improve the user experience and performance of our websites, newsletters and apps;
Marketing;
Providing better, more customized products and client service; and
Investigating any complaints.
We use this information because:
It is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations;
We have a legitimate business interest to:
o    Monitor, investigate and report any attempts to breach the security of our websites and apps;
o    Improve the performance and user experience of our products, websites and apps; and
o    Customize the client experience.
Information we collect when you attend one of our Events:
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Information you provide during registration, such as name, business email address, profile photograph, job title, professional interests, and requested accommodation, and payment card information;
Information you provide while attending the conference to receive additional access or materials (e.g. badge scan or QR scan); and
Information collected when we photograph or record one of our events.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Enabling you to attend our events;
Conducting our events;
Sending newsletters and material related to topics that may be of interest to you;
Connecting event attendees with other event participants such as speakers, exhibitors and sponsors;
Analyzing attendee interests in and interactions with the event;
Marketing our events through the use of media; and
Providing recordings of certain event sessions to interested business contacts, attendees, and online through our websites or LRP social media sites.
We use this information because:
It is necessary to perform our obligations or exercise our contractual rights;
It is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations;
We have a legitimate business interest to:
o    Manage and promote our business and brand;
o    Operate our event business;
o    Provide and improve our products and services; and
o    Collect relevant information for hospitality and health and safety purposes.
Information we collect from participants of surveys.
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Personal information such as name and title, contact details, and company name; and
Responses to survey questions.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Validating and analyzing survey;
Conducting general research, including creating or updating aggregate benchmark data sets and reports;
Providing our products and services; and
Developing new products and services.
We use this information because:
We have a legitimate business interest to:
o    Provide and update benchmark data and analysis; and
o    Validate and update our products and services.
Information we collect directly from you or from the following sources:
·         Third party referrals including but not limited to attendees, speaker, exhibitors;
·         Public internet sites and social media sites, such as LinkedIn; and
·         Public resources such as telephone directories, newspapers, internet sites, commercially available marketing lists, registries or public records.
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Personal information such as name and title, contact details, and company name;
Communications with you; and
Information you provide when posting content on social media sites.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Facilitating our business through communication with clients and other business contacts, for example, to communicate about vendor briefings or details of conferences or webinars;
For internal analysis and research to help us improve our products and services;
To send marketing to business contacts regarding our services and products which may be of interest and to promote our business and brand;
Administering our websites, newsletters and events, investigating any complaints and providing customer service; and
Monitoring social media content to manage relations with our clients and promote our business and brand.
We use this information because:
It is necessary to perform our obligations or exercise our contractual rights;
It is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations;
We have a legitimate business interest to:
o    Manage and promote our business and brand;
o    Provide and improve our products and services;
o    Operate our business; and
We have your consent (where required under applicable law) to use your information for marketing. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent by contacting us.
Additionally, we may disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
To LRP Media Group companies in order to process the data for the above-mentioned purposes;
When we have your consent to do so, e.g., when you have allowed an event exhibitor to scan your attendee badge or when permitted by law;
To third parties who work on our behalf to service or maintain business contact databases and other IT systems, e.g., suppliers of the IT systems which we use to process personal information, or who provide other services, such as printing;
To third parties providing services to us or on our behalf who have a need to access your information, e.g., our professional advisors (e.g. auditors and lawyers) or hotel/venues for our events;
To comply with applicable laws, protect rights, safety and property, and respond to lawful requests from public authorities (e.g., disclosing data in appropriate situations for national security or law enforcement purposes); and
Subject to applicable law, in the event that an LRP Media Group company, product, or business line is merged, sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets (including in bankruptcy), or in the event of another corporate change, in connection with such a transaction, or for pre-transaction review in relation to such transactions.
Special Categories of Information
Certain types of personal information are more sensitive than others. This includes information about health, disability, race, ethnicity, criminal offences (or alleged offences), political opinions, biometric information or religion. It is voluntary for you to disclose this information, but where we collect and receive these types of information about you, we have identified the type of special information, how we will use it and why we will use it.
Information we collect when you attend one of our conferences
Categories of information we collect about you include:
Dietary requirements that may imply specific religious beliefs or medical conditions.
Any physical or mental disability or impairment you may disclose to us.
We use this information for certain activities, including:
Providing hospitality that is suitable for attendees of our conferences.
We use this information because:
You have consented by providing us with the information. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent by contacting us at custserve@lrp.com.
Further Information
Where we collect and use information for our legitimate interests as mentioned above, a legitimate interest will only apply when we consider that your interests or rights requiring protection of your personal information do not override our legitimate interests. For more information regarding our legitimate interests as applied to your personal information, please contact us at custserve@lrp.com.
Our websites and online services are for individuals who are at least 18 years old. Our online services are not designed to be used by individuals under the age of 18.
Aggregated, Anonymous or Anonymized Information
Your personal information may be shared if we anonymize and/or aggregate it, as in these circumstances the information will cease to be personal information. We disclose to third-party sponsors/advertisers aggregate statistics (i.e., impressions and click-throughs on a company’s advertisement). Also, we may share aggregate website statistics with the media or other third parties. LRP uses the aggregate, anonymous data collected to let us know the number of impressions or views and the number of “click throughs” on our advertisement(s). LRP also uses this aggregate, anonymous data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our site visitors; to measure user interests regarding specific areas of LRP Websites; and to analyze how and where best to use our resources.
General Benchmarking and Research Purposes
LRP and its partners may use information disclosed through surveys or otherwise provided to or generated by LRP or partners (collectively “Research Data”) for validation, research and benchmarking purposes and product development. Unless otherwise specified prior to collection, Research Data will be disclosed in the aggregate and presented in anonymous form and will not include (directly or by inference) any information identifying participating organizations or any identifiable individual as the source of such data. Access to Research Data will be restricted to those individuals who need such access to deliver LRP products and/or services.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves appropriately online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
Third Party Links and Content
LRP’s sponsors, advertisers, and third-party content providers may have links on our sites and newsletters that take you to other websites. Please note that links to other websites are provided throughout LRP websites for users’ information and convenience. LRP hopes that all third parties involved adhere sound policies regarding the privacy of their users. However, this Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices, and LRP does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties.
LRP Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file which includes a unique identifier that is sent by a web server to the browser on your computer, mobile phone or any other internet enabled device when you visit an on-line site. Cookies and similar technologies are widely used to make websites work efficiently and to collect information about your online preferences.  For simplicity, we refer to all these technologies as “cookies”.
Some of our website pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also known as clear gifs, tags or pixels) that allow us to count users who have visited our pages. Web beacons collect only limited information, e.g. a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any information that could directly identify you.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to customize content and advertising, provide social media features and to see how our visitors move through our website. We use this information to make decisions about ways to improve the services we offer you.
We may engage third party tracking and advertising providers such as those named below to act on our behalf to track and analyze your usage of our website through the use of cookies. These third parties collect, and share with us, usage information about visits to our website and, sometimes by correlating this information with other information (e.g. your IP address), measure and research the effectiveness of our advertisements, track page usage, help us target our recommendations and advertising, and track use of our recommendations and advertisements.
Cookie Type
What these cookies do
Essential cookies
These cookies are essential for parts of our website to operate. They enable users to move around our website and allow us to recognize a user within our website so that we can provide them with service they asked for such as remembering the user’s sign-in details.
Targeting cookies
We may use other cookies to target and re-target visitors to our websites with digital advertising that is most relevant to the user.  These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert or particular content, as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising or marketing campaign. Using existing cookies from many sites already on your computer, we partner with 3rd party companies to deliver advertising to specific computers. For more information about digital advertising visit AdChoices at: www.youradchoices.com.
Social media cookies
These cookies allow users to share our websites on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of the social media provider for how their cookies work.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information on how users use our websites, in order to help us improve areas such as navigation, and to help us fix technical issues or errors. For example, we use these cookies to help us understand how you arrive at our website, browse or use our website and highlight areas where we can improve our website.
Functionality cookies
These cookies help us customize our website content based on a user’s preferences. They remember the user’s choices, their language, the country pages visited and any changes the user makes to text size or other parts of our website pages. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track browsing activity on other websites.
How do I reject cookies?
If you do not want to be tracked by Google Analytics cookies you can opt-out by installing a browser plug-in here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
At any time, you can prevent cookies from being set on your browser. For instructions on how to block, delete or disable any cookies, please consult your browser’s ‘Help’ or ‘Support’ section. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.
Please consult the following links for information on cookie management and blocking according to your browser:
Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?locale=en_GB
You can find more information about cookies, behavioral advertising and managing cookie storage at www.allaboutcookies.org.
In addition to Google Analytics, LRP websites use several tools and tracking services to collect information about use of the site, such as the following: Facebook, Feathr, DoubleClick by Google, and Zedo.
These tools and services collect information such as how often users visit this site, what pages or screens they visit on LRP websites, mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in the website. We use the information we collect to improve the site, offer better services, and to provide you a more personalized experience, including personalized ads on LRP websites and other websites. We do not use these tools to collect any personal information nor do we combine the collected information with personally identifiable information. The information may be collected by planting a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user whenever you visit the site. These cookies can only be used by the tools planting them and cannot be shared across tools and the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.
You can choose to opt out of these tools and tracking services by going to the URL –http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also disable cookies on your browser to prevent these tools from recognizing you on return visits to the site. (http://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.shtml).
Data Security
What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
LRP has security measures reasonably expected in the industry, such as firewalls, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. We make reasonable efforts to restrict access to information to only those employees, contractors, and agents who need such access in order to operate, develop, improve, or deliver our programs, products, and services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Certain particularly sensitive information, such as your credit card number, collected for a commercial transaction is encrypted prior to transmission.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your LRP login credentials. You may not share your LRP login credentials. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
Hardcopy personal information and demographic information provided to LRP which is not converted to electronic media and hosted by LRP will be subject to different security procedures than will stored electronic personal information and demographic information; but LRP does have security measures reasonably expected in the industry in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your hardcopy personal information and demographic information under our control.
Personal Information Retention Periods
We will retain your personal information for as long as required to perform the purposes for which the data was collected, depending on the legal basis for which that data was obtained and/or whether additional legal/regulatory obligations require us to retain it.
In general terms, this will mean that your personal information will be kept for the duration of our relationship with you and:
the period required by tax and company laws and regulations; and
as long as it is necessary for you to be able to bring a claim against us and for us to be able to defend ourselves against any legal claims. This will generally be the length of the relationship plus the length of any applicable statutory limitation period under local laws.
Choices About Your Personal Information
We believe it is important to give you choices about the use of your personal information. We will use your information as described in this Policy. If we want to use your information for a purpose not described in this Policy, we will first get your consent to do so or notify you at the point of collection of the information.
You may opt-out of marketing communications and our sharing of certain information.  Instructions for opting out of any LRP email you receive are included with each email.  Additionally, you may opt-out or direct questions regarding your personal information to LRP Customer Service by emailing custserve@lrp.com or calling 1-800-727-1227.
Marketing Communications
We will respect your wishes not to receive marketing communications. You can change your marketing preferences by contacting us at the address custserve@lrp.com or by calling 1-800-727-1227. If you gave us your email address to receive marketing communications, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links or instructions included at the bottom of our emails. Please note that we will continue to send you service-related communications regardless of any opt-out request. If you opt out, we will not sell or share your personal information or information with third parties (other than our subsidiaries or affiliates) for their own promotional or marketing purposes unless you give us consent to do so or where permitted by applicable law.
LRP Events
We allow Exhibitors to scan attendee badges at our events. If you choose to allow an Exhibitor to scan your badge at the Exhibitor’s booth or when entering an Exhibitor session or function, you are giving us your consent to provide your contact details to that Exhibitor. Our Exhibitors’ use of any information you choose to share with them in this way is governed by each Exhibitor’s Privacy Policy. Badge scanning is optional and you may refuse to have your badge scanned by the Exhibitor.
Your California Privacy Rights (For California Residents Only)
LRP may disclose information gathered during registration to our affiliates and third parties who may use that information to market directly to you. As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold to such third parties. We will not share your information after we have received your notification that you are opting out. If you wish to opt-out please email custserve@lrp.com or call 1-800-727-1227.
The only personal information LRP collects, processes and maintains is information in which you have communicated with us concerning a business transaction, asked us to perform a service or provide you with a product, or which is otherwise excluded from the definition of “personal information” and most of the requirements with regard to that information within the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The business basis for, and the manner in which, such business information is collected and processed is set forth within this Privacy Notice.
LRP does not “sell” personal information as the terms “sell” or “sale” are defined within CCPA. LRP does share certain information it collects with business partners who are its “service providers” and sharing information in this way is not a “sale” as that term is defined in the CCPA. Service providers are business partners who perform business functions for LRP, as the term “Service Provider” is defined within CCPA. They agree to use information only for these business purposes and not to redisclose it except as permitted or required by law as set out in our agreements with them. The nature of the services provided by these business partners and a description of the categories of these service providers is set forth within this Privacy Notice.
Categories of personal information we collect.  Throughout this Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from and about users.  Described in the Policy and summarized below are the categories of personal information we collect:
Identifiers (such as name and title, contact details, and company name);
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage);
Inference data about you; and
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
Use of categories of personal information. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified above for our operational purposes where the use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which it was collected or processed, or for another compatible operational purpose.
We do share certain information as set forth in this Policy and allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy.
If you have questions regarding collection and sharing of your business information or believe that information that identifies you and has been collected and shared by LRP is not business information within the meaning of CCPA or is not provided to a service provider as stated above, and you wish to advise us of these beliefs and ask that we not share that information please contact custserve@lrp.com.
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our site. By continuing to use our site without changing your settings, you're agreeing to our cookie policy. Click to view our cookie policy.Accept and Continue