http://distance.gradschools.com/privacy-policy
Online Graduate Programs & Schools 2020+
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Browse By Major All A-Z
Business
Criminal Justice & Legal
Education
Fine Arts & Design
Health & Medicine
Liberal Arts & Humanities
Math, Science & Engineering
Nursing
Psychology
Public Affairs & Social Sciences
Religious Studies
Technology
Masters
PhDs
Online
Browse Colleges
Browse By Location By State
By City
International Programs
For Canadian Students
Resources Degree Guide
Financial Aid
Student Loans
Get Informed
Blog
Search form
Search
Home
Online
BROWSE GRADUATE PROGRAMS
Subject Selection
Business
Criminal Justice & Legal
Education
Fine Arts & Design
Health & Medicine
Liberal Arts & Humanities
Math, Science & Engineering
Public Affairs & Social Sciences
Religious Studies
Technology
Program Level
Certificate
Doctorate
Masters
By Location
OnlineSelect a StateAlabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Puerto Rico
Virgin Islands
or Popular CityAtlanta
Boston
Buffalo
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indianapolis
Jacksonville
Los Angeles
Miami
Milwaukee
Minneapolis
Nashville
New Orleans
New York City
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Raleigh
Sacramento
Salt Lake City
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
St Louis
Online Graduate Programs & Schools
View Programs Now!
What Are Online Graduate Degrees?
Online graduate programs offer students and working professionals the opportunity to earn masters and doctoral degrees completely online.
Earning a graduate degree online means students have the flexibility and opportunity to balance academic goals with family or career demands.
Top 3 Reasons to Pursue Online Graduate Programs
There are many reasons a student may choose to pursue a graduate degree program online. Often times convenience and flexibility are factors that may influence the decision to select an online degree over a campus based program. But beyond the format decision, there are many other reasons students decide to continue their education.
According to the 2016 Online College Student Aslanian Market Research Report, the top 3 reasons are:
New career (20% of respondents).
Completing undergraduate/graduate education (15% of respondents).
Keep up to date with skills and requirements of current job (14% of respondents).
What Types of Online Graduate Degrees Are There?
Online graduate degrees include online masters programs, online graduate certificates and online doctoral degree programs, there are also different features that can determine what type of degree you may pursue.
Types may be defined by the subject you are pursing, Master of Arts (MA), MBA, DNP (doctor of nurse practitioner), Masters in Counseling Psychology, etc.
Accelerated programs - some schools offer accelerated programs where students are required to dedicate more time in a shorter window to graduate sooner. For example, our sponsored school, Northcentral Universityoffers an accelerated MBA that allows students to graduate in as little as 12 months
Bridge programs - some schools offer programs that combine earning multiple levels of degrees at once. When taken together, these degrees are earned faster than when taken separately. Many nursing programs are offered this way. For example an BSN to DNP. or an RN to MSN
Direct entry programs - Direct entry programs are also found in the nursing arena. For students who are looking to enter into a new career such as nursing and have an undergraduate degree in a different subject, there may be specialized programs that prepare the student for this transition.
How Credible Are Online Degrees?
The first step in determining credibility for any school is to determine if the graduate school is accredited or not. Check to see if the online school is regionally accredited. Not all online schools are regionally accredited—though the vast majority are. Beyond the school being accredited, students should also research if their program of interest has specific programmatic accreditation. If the answer is yes, it is a good idea to lean toward those schools that have that specific graduate program accreditation.
Degrees earned from regionally accredited online schools are just as respected and accepted as degrees earned from traditional graduate schools.
Is Accreditation Important for Online Degrees?
Some online graduate schools are completely devoted to web-based learning and offer online graduate programs exclusively. Other universities may make their traditional programming available as an online graduate degree. Regardless of which type of school is offering the program you are interested in, it is important that you confirm that the school is regionally accredited. Why is accreditation important?
Among many reasons, two stand out as very important:
Funding:As a grad student, you will not be eligible for federal funding if the school you are attending is not an accredited online graduate school. Main types of financial aid include the Pell Grant, the Federal Perkins Loan, and Stafford Loans. For example, as a grad student, you may be eligible for up to $8,000 per year through the Federal Perkins Loan.
Quality of education:Accrediting agencies exist to ensure schools provide a quality education to students. Online Graduate Programs that are not accredited will not have the benefit of this oversight.The U.S. Department of Education recognizes several regional accrediting agencies, as well as the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) and the Distance Education Accrediting Commission (DEAC).
GradSchools.com partners with only accredited schools so you can be comfortable searching our site for your online graduate degree.
DID YOU KNOW?
The 2016 Online College Student Aslanian Market Research Study reported that more than two-thirds of graduate students feel their online graduate program was worth the investment of their time (73%) and money (69%).
How Do I Choose an Online Graduate School?
With the variety of online graduate programs, there are a few features you might evaluate when choosing with online graduate school to attend. These are:
Decide how specialized you want to be. For example, you may want to keep your options open and simply pursue an MBA. Or, you may want to get more specific and pursue an MBA that focus' on Marketing or some other are of Business.
What are you going to use the degree for? If your desire is to focus on research it may be more appropriate to pursue accredited Online Doctoral Programs vs an Online Masters programs
Are you looking for an accelerated program or program that may accept life experience for credits? Ask colleges you are interested in if they offer these options
Do you want to avoid taking entrance exams such as the GRE or GMAT? Look for schools that advertise their programs as such
Look for fully accredited online colleges and universities
Beyond the fields of study listed above, the 2016 Online College Student Aslanian Market Research Report also reports the following as the top 11 most popular online graduate program majors:
Popular Schools with Online
Degrees
Sponsored ListingsProgramInstitutionDegree AwardedDoctor of Philosophy in Business Administration - Financial Management Northcentral UniversityDBAMBA in Healthcare AdministrationCarroll UniversityMBAMaster of Science in Nursing - Education and LeadershipCarlow UniversityN/AMaster of Business AdministrationMalone UniversityMBAMaster of Science in STEM EducationUniversity of IowaMSSchool Superintendent CertificateEast Central UniversityN/AMaster of Business AdministrationUniversity of New HavenN/AMaster of EducationCalvin UniversityN/AMaster of Business AdministrationSt. Ambrose UniversityN/AReading Teacher EndorsementIllinois CollegeN/AMaster of Science in CommunicationPurdue UniversityMCMRN-BSN-MSN - Nursing Management and Executive LeadershipSacred Heart UniversityMSNsponsored listings
Did You Know?
About half of psychologists had a master’s degree in 2013 but another one-third of these workers had a doctoral degree. Those with a doctoral degree had an average annual wage that was 46 percent higher than that of psychologists with a master’s degree.
Are All Online Graduate Programs Formatted the Same?
Online graduate programs are not all formatted the same way. A traditional graduate school may offer ‘live’ classes at one of their campuses that online students can ‘attend’ by logging in synchronously (at the same time) to be able to participate. Or, a completely online grad school may have asynchronous course material where students pace themselves. There could also be a mixture of these two formats. Ultimately, each university, whether it is a brick and mortar graduate school or an online graduate school, has different ways of formatting their online grad programs.
Online Graduate Programs FAQs
Can I get my master's degree online?
Yes, there are many online master degree programs to choose from.  Most online master degree programs are offered through accredited programs and offer the same diploma as a traditional campus degree.
How online is the graduate program?
Some programs may be entirely online (100%), while others may be partially online, which might entail campus visits, residency or intensives. (e.g. online MFT programs).
How long to complete an online degree?
Some online graduate degree programs may be full-time, others part-time. You might also find online graduate degrees that are offered in an accelerated format to appeal to executives (e.g. Accelerated online MBA programs).
What if there are lab requirements?
In online grad programs where a laboratory or supervised practicum is required, students may be able to complete the requirements in their community (e.g. Online MSW programs).
What are the tech requirements for online programs?
Your computer is your access to online discussion, online resources (E-Books, video, your course management system and email). You may be required to update your software, meet specific hardware requirements or have a working email address. In terms of tech support, this should be stipulated by a graduate school and you should be able to access this information ahead of enrollment.
How do I contact my professor?
There are usually provisions for contacting faculty. An online student may be paired with a faculty member, to reach out via email, telephone, online chat or whatever is predetermined by your university and program.
Where is the library?
An online graduate school may have agreements with your local library or have online resources. Some programs may supplement with textbooks.
Is an online graduate degree easier?
Online does not mean easier. It is a learning format that works best for self-motivated students.
Are online graduate programs accredited?
Many online graduate programs are accredited but some are not. All GradSchools.com partner schools are accredited but it is always a good idea to research on your own and double check. For those earning a degree from a lesser-known online school, researching accreditation is especially a good idea given the number of scams on the internet.
Top 251 Online Graduate Schools with
Programs
Read More
Sponsored Listings
Sponsored Listings
×
Southern New Hampshire University Masters Programs
No application fee for April & June terms
Some of the nation's most affordable tuition rates, from a private, nonprofit, NEASC accredited university
Qualified students with 2.5 GPA and up may receive up to $20K in grants & scholarships
Multiple term start dates throughout the year. 24/7 online classroom access
Visit School
Northcentral University
Doctor of Philosophy in Education - Global Training and Development Education Specialist - Sport and Athletic Management Education Specialist - Special Education Education Specialist - Organizational Leadership Education Specialist - Learning Analytics in K-12 Education Education Specialist - Learning Analytics in Higher Education Education Specialist - Leadership in Higher Education Education Specialist - International Education Education Specialist - Instructional Leadership Education Specialist - Global Training and Development
Carroll University
MBA in Healthcare Administration MBA in Business Analytics MBA in Business Management
East Central University
Master of Education in Instructional Design and Technology Master of Education in Educational Leadership Master of Education in Library Media Master of Education in Sports Administration Master of Science in Water Resource Policy and Management School Superintendent Certificate
University of New Haven
Master of Science in Cybersecurity Management and Leadership Master of Public Health Master of Healthcare Administration Master of Science in Accounting Master of Science in Esports Business Master of Business Administration
St. Ambrose University
Master of Business Administration Master of Criminal Justice Master of Organizational Leadership Master of Public Health Advanced Standing Master of Social Work
Illinois College
Reading Teacher Endorsement
University of Iowa
Master of Arts in Teaching , Leadership, and Cultural Competency Master of Science in STEM Education
Malone University
M.A. Organizational Leadership Master of Business Administration M.S. Educational Leadership
Calvin University
Master of Education
Carlow University
Doctorate of Nursing Practice Dual Master of Science in Nursing/ Master of Business Administration Dual Master of Social Work/ Master of Business Administration Executive Master of Buisiness Administration Master of Science in Nursing - Education and Leadership Master of Business Administration
Purdue University
Master of Science in Communication Graduate Certificate in Communication and Leadership Master of Science in Education in Special Education Master of Science in Education in Learning Design and Technology Master of Science in Communication: Health Communication Master of Science in Communication: Communication & Leadership Master of Public Health Master of Science in Education in Curriculum and Instruction - English Language Learning Concentration Master of Science in Education in Curriculum and Instruction - Educational Technology Concentration Master of Science in Education in Curriculum and Instruction - Gifted, Creative, and Talented Studies Concentration
Sacred Heart University
RN-BSN-MSN - Nursing Management and Executive Leadership RN to Bachelor of Science in Nursing to Master of Science in Nursing
Master of Social Work - Advanced Standing RN-BSN-MSN - Clinical Nurse Leader RN-BSN-MSN - Nurse Education Doctor of Nursing Practice MA in Strategic Communication and Public Relations Master of Science in Nursing – Family Nurse Practitioner Master of Science in Nursing - Nursing Management and Executive Leadership Master of Science in Nursing - Clinical Nurse Leader
Widener University
Master of Social Work – Advanced Standing Master of Social Work
Winthrop University
Master of Education in Special Education Intervention Master of Business Administration - Strategic Leadership Master of Business Administration - Marketing Master of Business Administration Master of Business Administration – Sports Marketing & Revenue Generation Master of Arts in Arts Administration Master of Social Work - Traditional Track Master of Social Work - Advanced Standing
Michigan State University
Master of Science in Law Enforcement Intelligence and Analysis Master of Science in Criminal Justice
Sponsored Listings
Subscribe for information on earning a graduate degree
Email Address *
Leave this field blank
Sign Up
By entering my email address and clicking "Sign Up" I agree to be contacted by EducationDynamics for additional education products and services, this submission is not required to use our site. Privacy Policy.
Advertise | About | FAQs | Update Programs | Terms of Use | Legal Notice | Privacy Policy  |
Disclosure: What Determines Top/Best? | Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA and NV residents)
© Gradschools 2020. All Rights Reserved.
The sources for school statistics and data is the U.S. Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics and the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System unless otherwise noted.
Disclosure: EducationDynamics receives compensation for many of the featured schools on our websites (see “Sponsored School(s)” or “Sponsored Listings” or “Sponsored Results” or “Featured Graduate School(s)”. So what does this mean for you? Compensation may impact where the Sponsored Schools appear on our websites, including whether they appear as a match through our education matching services tool, the order in which they appear in a listing, and/or their ranking. Our websites do not provide, nor are they intended to provide, a comprehensive list of all schools (a) in the United States (b) located in a specific geographic area or (c) that offer a particular program of study. By providing information or agreeing to be contacted by a Sponsored School, you are in no way obligated to apply to or enroll with the school.
This is an offer for educational opportunities that may lead to employment and not an offer for nor a guarantee of employment. Students should consult with a representative from the school they select to learn more about career opportunities in that field. Program outcomes vary according to each institution’s specific program curriculum. Specific School Disclosures. Financial aid may be available to those who qualify. The information on this page is for informational and research purposes only and is not an assurance of financial aid.
Find Schools