http://dnr.alaska.gov/shared/notices/privacy.htm
Skip to content
State of Alaska
myAlaska
Departments
State Employees
Statewide Links
Back to Top
State of Alaska / Natural Resources
Alaska DNR Online Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the Alaska Department of Natural Resources (DNR) web site and reviewing our privacy statement. This statement addresses the collection, use and security of and access to information that may be obtained through use of the department's web site. This statement covers:
Information Collected and How it is Used
Personal Information and Choice
Public Records
Use of Cookies
Our Commitment to Data Security
Links to Other Web Sites
Disclaimer
Restriction of Liability
Contact Information
Information Collected and How it is Used
If you visit our web site
to just read or download information, we automatically collect and store
certain information about your visit. This information does not identify
you personally. Internet Protocol (IP) information is collected so that
we can better maintain statistics on our web site and in turn provide our
users with better services and data, better ease of site navigation, and
a more enjoyable web site experience overall. The type of information collected
includes:
The Internet Protocol Address
and domain name used. This is the numerical address assigned to your
computer as you use the Internet and the associated name (e.g. xyServiceProvider.com
or your.school.edu);
The type of browser and operating
system you used;
The date and time you visited
the site;
The web pages or applications
you accessed; and
The Internet Protocol Address
of the web site from which you visited prior to coming to this site (such
as www.yahoo.com), typically called the referrer address.
If, during your visit to
our web site, you submit information through an online service request or send us
an email the following additional information will be collected:
The email address and contents
of the email message;
Information required in an online
service request; and
Information volunteered in an
online service request.
The information collected
is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic
information formats you send us.
We use the information you provide to respond to your service request appropriately.
This may be to respond to your service request, to
address issues you identify, to share your comments with attribution with
others, to analyze and track user comments and feedback to further improve
our web site, or to forward the information to another agency for appropriate
action.
[Top]
Personal Information and Choice
"Personally identifiable information" is
information about a person that is readily identifiable to that specific
individual. Personally identifiable information may include things
like an individual's
name, email address, mailing address and phone number. A domain name or
Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personally identifiable
information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity
that asks for information. These activities may include, but are not restricted
to sending an email, registering or participating in an email list or participating
in a voluntary online service request. Not providing all the information requested
online may prevent processing of your service request. If you choose not to
participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability
to use any other area of our web site.
[Top]
Public Records
Within the Department of
Natural Resources is the State Recorder's Office that records, indexes,
and archives all the documents that create the Official Public Record of
the State of Alaska.  The official records are public
information that may be viewed by anyone. Some areas of this web site may
display parts of the public record.
Most of your communications with the State of Alaska are considered part
of the public record and may be subject to disclosure under AS 40.25.110
- 40.25.120. Personal information obtained through the Alaska Department
of Natural Resources web site is governed by AS 40.25.300 - 40.25.350. It
requires notice when collecting personal information that may become
part of the public record.
[Top]
Use of Cookies
When you visit our web
site, you can surf the site anonymously and access important information
without revealing your identity. In order to improve the DNR web site,
we may use "cookies" to customize your visit. A cookie is a simple
text file stored on your computer by your web browser. They provide a method
of distinguishing among visitors to a web site.
Cookies created on your
computer by using this web site do not contain personally identifying information
and do not comprise your privacy or security. We use the cookie feature
only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer. Most
browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can set your browser
to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide
whether or not to accept it. For some web pages that require an authorization,
cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably
not be able to access those pages.
[Top]
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take very seriously
the integrity of the information and systems we maintain. We have appropriate
security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration
of information that have collected from you so you can feel comfortable
and secure with online transactions.
We use Secure Sockets Layering
(SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit
card number, in the online collection and transaction processing. SSL technology
is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use
SSL, providing personal credit information over our web site is just as
safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.
[Top]
Links to Other Web Sites
Please note that DNR is
not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-DNR web sites
to which this department or its units may link. Such links do not imply
an endorsement of that organization, site, product or service.
[Top]
Disclaimer
This web site and the information
it contains are provided as a public service. Unauthorized attempts to
modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security
features, or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes
are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
[Top]
Restriction of Liability
The State of Alaska Department
of Natural Resources makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the
accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and
expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents
of this web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory,
including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third
part rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this
web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.
[Top]
Contact Information
If you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please contact:
Public Information Center
Alaska Department of Natural Resources
550 W. 7th Ave. Ste. 1260
Anchorage, Alaska 99501-3557
Phone: (907) 269-8400
Fax: (907) 269-8901
Email: dnr.pic@alaska.gov
If you do not believe the personal information concerning yourself maintained
by the Alaska Department of Natural Resources is accurate or complete,
you may file a written request with the department for the information
to be changed. The request must provide the details required in AS 40.25.310.
[Top]
Accessibility
Privacy
Copyright
System Status
State of Alaska Department of Natural Resources
550 W. 7th Ave, Suite 1360
Anchorage, AK 99501-3557
Phone: (907) 269-8400
Fax: (907) 269-8901
TTY: Dial 711 or 800-770-8973