http://dropoutprevention.org/privacy-policy/#
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Home
Membership
e-Subscribe
Contact Us
Search NDPC
Who We Are
Mission
Work
History
Impact
Staff
Advisory Board
NDPC Project Consultants
Innovation Partners and Major Sponsors
Research and Practitioner Fellows
Awards
Membership
Contact Us
Conferences & Events
Services & Certifications
Trauma-Skilled Certification
Trauma-Skilled Schools Certification
National Dropout Prevention Specialist Certification
Online Courses
Field Projects
Diploma Planning Institute
Diploma-Minded Principal
Program Assessment and Review (PAR)
Grants
Grant Partnerships
Professional Learning Events
Presentations, Speeches, and Workshops
Customized Events
Virtual Program Assessment (VPA)
Trauma-Skilled
Executive Summary of Trauma-Skilled Schools Model
Trauma-Skilled Schools Media Coverage
Trauma-Skilled Certification
Trauma-Skilled Specialist Certification Assessment
Trauma-Skilled Specialists
Trauma-Skilled Schools Certification
Trauma-Skilled Professional Development
Improving School Outcomes for Trauma-Impacted Students
Trauma-Skilled Resources
NDPC Project Consultants
Effective Strategies
Overview
Foundational Strategies
Systemic Approach
School-Community Collaboration
Safe Learning Environments
Early Interventions
Family Engagement
Early Childhood Education
Early Literacy Development
Basic Core Strategies
Mentoring/Tutoring
Service-Learning
Alternative Schooling
After-School/Out-of-School Opportunities
Managing and Improving Instruction
Professional Development
Active Learning
Educational Technology
Individualized Instruction
Career and Technical Education (CTE)
Resources
Publications
E-Newsletters
Journals
Quarterly Newsletters
Research Reports and Papers
Book Store
Effective Strategies For Alternative School Improvement
Family and Student Resources
Model Programs Database
Policy Statement on Student Grade Retention
NDPC-SD Students with Disabilities
Rural Dropout Prevention Resources
Solutions Webcast
State Education Agencies
Statistics
Online Professional Development
October is National Dropout Prevention Month
NDPC Store
Menu
This privacy policy sets out how the National Dropout Prevention Center (NDPC) uses and protects any information that you give NDPC when you use this website. NDPC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. NDPC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about conferences and events, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Scope of this Policy; Third Party Websites
Although this policy applies to the all information obtained by you for the purpose of accessing or using content controlled and owned by NDPC it does not apply to businesses or entities that are not owned or controlled by us.
This website may contain links to other websites of interest. Please be aware that NDPC does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third party sites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to take reasonable precautions when sharing your personally identifiable information on third party websites.
Controlling your personal information
It is NDPC’s policy not to disclose, sell or rent your Personal Information to any individual, business, government entity or outside parties except: (i) to provide products or services you’ve requested through us; (ii) in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (iii)when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (v) where you request NDPC to do so. From time to time, NDPC may use return email addresses to answer the email we receive from you. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose. Your Personal Information will not be collected for use that is in violation of the law, or unrelated to the that discussed in this Policy, unless you are also provided an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons and images, is our property or the property of our content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is our property or the property of our service provider or its suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Contact us at: Successful Practices Network dba National Dropout Prevention Center, 1585 Route 146, Rexford, NY 12148.
Phone: 518-723-2063  or by email: info@spnetwork.org
TagsActive Learning
After-School/Out-of-School Opportunities
Afterschool/Out-of-School Opportunities
alabama
alaska
Alternative Schooling
attendance
career and technology education
Crystal Star Awards of Excellence
diploma planning institute
early childhood education
early literacy development
educational technology
effective strategies
effective strategy
engage
Family Engagement
Governor and Mrs. Richard W. Riley Award
graduation
graduation rates
high school
high school graduation rates
individualized instruction
Innovation Partners
kentucky
kinesthetic
mentoring
mentoring/tutoring
mississippi
national alternative education association
national dropout prevention month
new york
october
ohio
professional development
Safe Learning Environments
School-Community Collaboration
service-learning
solutions to the dropout crisis
specialist certification program
statistics
STEAM
STEM
systemic approach
toyota usa foundation grant
Mailing AddressNational Dropout Prevention Center713 E Greenville StSuite D, #108Anderson, SC 29621Physical Address 3325 Hwy 81 NAnderson, SC 29621Phone: 864-642-6372Email: ndpc@dropoutprevention.org
National Dropout Prevention Center, Division of Successful Practices Network
Mailing AddressSuccessful Practices Network1585 Route 148Rexford, NY 12148
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
© 2020 NDPC. All Rights Reserved.
Website Design by Carolina Creative