https://duclarion.com/privacy-policy/
Loading...
Privacy Policy
Home /Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how the DU Clarion (“The Clarion,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) treats personal information that it collects and receives on duclarion.com (“the site,” “site,” “our site,” or “our website”). We are not in the business of selling information about you: we use information shared with us for the sole purpose of running and improving our services. This notice tells you what information we collect, steps we take to protect and secure it, how we use and share information, and finally, how you can contact us with questions or concerns.
Information We Gather
The Clarion collects personal information when you register with us as a staff member or contributor on our website. This information is limited to your email address, name, birthday, and any information you provide on our site or through email.
The Clarion may also collect personal information if you enter into promotions or sweepstakes. This information is limited to your email address, phone number, name, home address, and additional information needed to enter into the sweepstakes. Information provided for sweepstakes are not stored once the sweepstakes have ended.
The Clarion creates and distributes newspapers, articles, posts, images, notices and engages in the ongoing discussion surrounding these processes. Unless directed otherwise, The Clarion, under no circumstance, will install tracking codes or cookies to track it’s audience. We install Google Analytic tracking codes to the site for the sole purpose of tracking IP addresses and ISP’s and how they interact with the site.
The Clarion may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookies, and the pages you request. We also may collect other information as part of our analytic services, in order to improve the service. However, we do not link such information to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
The Clarion will collect billing information if you use a paid service. This information includes but is not limited to your name, address, telephone number, credit card details, and other information that is necessary in order to process the transaction. Under no circumstance do we store any of your sensitive billing details.
The Clarion uses information for the following general purposes:
Products and Services Provision
Identification and Authentication
Services Improvement
Support
Contact
Research
Anonymous Reporting
Transactions
IP Addresses
The Clarion may occasionally obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access our website. IP addresses, browser and session information may be used for various purposes, including to:
Diagnose and prevent service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP.
Estimate the total number of users visiting The Clarion websites from specific geographical regions.
Help determine which users have access privileges to certain content, services or resources that we offer.
Monitor and prevent fraud and abuse.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use The Clarion’s services or products that require you to “sign in” and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set.
The Clarion uses its own cookies for a number of purposes, including to:
Require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using The Clarion sites, Products and Services.
Estimate and report our total audience size and traffic.
Conduct research to improve the content and services provided on The Clarion sites, Products and Services.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising and Google Adsense
Ads displayed on the site are served by Google Adsense. Google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a Google partner’s website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website or other websites.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
For more information regarding Google Adsense, it’s partners, and advertising policies, visit https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
Information Regarding Children
Currently, there are no age restrictions for who can use The Clarion Services.
Information Use, Sharing, And Disclosure
The Clarion does not share personal information we learn about you from your use of The Clarion site, products and services with others except as described in this policy. We do not share, sell, rent or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
The Clarion may use or share your personal information where it is necessary to complete a transaction, to operate or improve The Clarion’s products and services, or to perform a task you have asked us to perform. We use other third parties such as a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes.
From time to time, The Clarion or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstakes, events or contests on The Clarion. You may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. This information will be used strictly for the purpose of notifying and arranging delivery of promotional items to the person selected. If we need to post information about you, you will always be asked first. You may opt out of emails you receive from The Clarion or any of our partners for promotions, sweepstakes, contests or newsletters. We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us.
When you register for a staff position at The Clarion, we collect user-submitted account information such as name and email address, phone number and age to identify users and send notifications related to the use of the service. The Clarion may share personally identifiable information about you under the following circumstances:
We may share your personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or, defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate.
We may share your personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our various terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
If, under the rare circumstance The Clarion is no longer functioning, the transferred personally identifiable information will remain subject to the promises made in this privacy policy or subsequent policies to which you have consented.
Security
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make efforts to ensure security on our systems.
We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you. Your account information is password-protected. Additionally, your account’s password is stored using a one way hash algorithm. In most areas, The Clarion uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
If The Clarion learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using The Clarion or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of those sites, products and services. We may post a notice on our applicable websites if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a web browser enabling you to view the applicable websites. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
Right of Change
We have the right to change this Privacy Policy page by making adjustments or adding new rules to our legal pages without notice. By visiting and (or) signing up for The Clarion services, you agree 100% to this rule.
Additional Information
If you have any questions, please contact us here.
You can also email us at: duclarioneditor@gmail.com.
You may also contact us via letter at the address below:
DU Clarion Newspaper
2055 E Evans Ave
Denver, Colorado 80208
This page was last modified on: February 22, 2018 (2-22-2018) at 12:47pm (EST).