https://dysartjones.com/2020/09/privacy-libraries-as-expert-advisors-worksheet/
Privacy: Libraries as Expert Advisors – Gary Price
Posted by Rebecca Jones | Sep 24, 2020 | Gary Price - Searching, Sources, Sites, Web Events | 0
September 24 at #CILandILConnect Gary Price and Marshall Breeding talked about the tools, apps and approaches libraries should use to advise and guide people regarding privacy.  People can make their own decisions regarding if – or to what degree – they want to protect their digital footprint.  Public, academic, school and corporate libraries should be informing these decisions. Here’s the worksheet to use as you consider your role in your community, campus, company.  Gary Price’s list of apps is below the worksheet. PDF for downloading: Privacy handout
Privacy Presentation, Gary Price @ #CIL/IL Connect 2020 gprice@gmail.com
Daily Resources From Gary
infoDOCKET
ARL Day in Review
This Page is Available at: http://bit.ly/garyPRIVACY20
Just In
NIST Issues ‘Historic’ Update to Security and Privacy Guidance
A Few Thoughts
Trust of Those Who Has Access to the Data (Google, Apple, Amazon, etc.)
Informed Consent (Need for Education?)
Challenge: A Need For Updates (Constant Changes, New Technology)
Role of the Library and Librarian in the Online World
Have We Moved the Needle? Does the Public Think of Libraries as Digital Leaders?
Are Libraries and Librarians a Trusted Source on Privacy Issues? If No, Why Not? Can We Be/Should We Be?
People Trust Us, But Do We Speak Up?
Your Personal Privacy and That of Your Friends and Family
Privacy of Library Users (in Library and Remotely, Working with Vendors)
Privacy of Library Users Out of the Library and Using Non-Library Resources
Practical: Where to Start/Learn More
Review Your Privacy Settings For Google/Facebook/Other Services
Review Your Mobile Privacy Settings
Use Container Tabs (on Firefox) to keep your personal and work sites separate
Here’s a relatively new solution that IMHO works well, costs little, and if nothing else, is a great way to learn more about the world of digital privacy.
Say Hello to NextDNS! (Privacy-as-a-Service) Note: I’m NOT affiliated with this company, just a user.
More from Gary Price and Privacy:
Keep Current with Gary Price Privacy: 3 Critical Tools
Share:
PreviousSeptember 10 – SLACanada Chat with Gary Price: Preemptive Librarianship
NextChallenges & Actions! CIL/IL Energized!!
About The Author
Rebecca Jones
Rebecca is Managing Partner of Dysart & Jones.
She focuses on planning, problem-solving, organizational design, and leadership coaching. A highly sought-after facilitator, Rebecca’s reputation for designing consultative, participatory sessions that result in workable solutions has been proven while serving clients in Canada and the US in the library, non-profit and corporate sectors.
Related Posts
SLACanada Invites you to the Canadian Holiday Gathering
November 25, 2020
Nexters: We’re in a Virtual Environment. Are Libraries Here?
April 16, 2020
Best Covid-19 Resources: Curated
March 24, 2020
Tik Tok: What’s the story?
August 3, 2020
Leave a reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *COMMENTName *
Email *
Website
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Find us on Twitter Tweets by Jane Dysart
Tweets by Rebecca Jones