http://eastanglianlife.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Collections
Support Us
Visit Us
Learn
Blog
What’s On
About Us
Volunteer
Weddings
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Cookies
Share this!
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 2019
Who we are
The Museum of East Anglian Life is a company limited by guarantee (1919676) and a registered charity (293033). We also have a subsidiary company, the Stowmarket Museum Trading Company Ltd (2802185). The phrase ‘museum’ used in this policy refers to all of these registered entities.
Our address is Crowe Street, Stowmarket, Suffolk, IP14 1DL.
The personal data we collect
The data we collect is generally limited to contact details (name, postal address, email address and phone number), but may also include:
your title, gender and date of birth
family and spouse/partner details, relationships to other donors and/or members
current interests and activities
past purchases, visits to the museum and event attendance
contact preferences
consent
gift information, including Direct Debit bank details where applicable
Gift Aid status
details of correspondence sent to you, or received from you
donor status and wealth assessment information
employment information and professional activities
where relevant, media coverage
any other information provided by you
CCTV recordings
We also collect information about the diversity of our users and visitors which allow us to monitor our performance and determine whether we are reaching a broad spectrum of the community. This information is always anonymized when we present it.
For volunteers and long-term programme participants, we collect next-of-kin and medical details.
What we use data for
We use data for the following purposes:
Mailings relating to news, events, membership, fundraising, products and the museum’s general activities
Research, including wealth screening from publicly-available resources to determine whether a particular appeal is likely to reflect your interests.
For market research purposes, e.g. sending you surveys
To work out how effectively we are reaching the whole community and how diverse our audiences are.
To monitor the effectiveness of our communications, including email tracking (which records when an e-newsletter is opened and/or how many links are clicked within it).
Data screening and cleansing, to check if we have accurate contact details for you.
To record consent, e.g. consent to use a photo of you in our marketing.
For the purposes of enhancing security, including monitoring and recording CCTV across our site.
Collections data, to enhance the understanding and educational value of our collection with information pertaining to its former use, ownership or history, including donor details. This information is part of our public catalogue. Donating an object or information to the museum comes with an expectation that relevant information (information which enhances understanding of an object or document) will be made publicly accessible.
Opting out
You can opt out of any or all of our communications simply by contacting enquiries@eastanglianlife.org.uk or calling us on 01449 612229.
How we update and research data
We review our records periodically to ensure your data is accurate. We may consult a range of sources in order undertake these checks, such as BT, Royal Mail, publicly-available sources such as newspaper articles, company, club and charity websites, and information you have made publicly available via social media. We may segment the information we hold about you in our database based on the relationship we have with you – e.g. member, former member.
Data sharing
The museum will not share your data with any other organisation, except where required to for legal reasons and financial reporting (e.g. Gift Aid) or if an external organisation is acting as a contracted data processor carrying out work on our behalf. We may occasionally send you information on behalf of other charities or about events which we think may be of interest to you. However, we will never pass on your details without your explicit consent.
Data security
We store your data on our secure server and, occasionally, in hard copy form. Staff and volunteers who have access to your data are trained in data protection and have signed a code of conduct which covers confidentiality in data handling. Sensitive data (e.g. data about disability, health, offending history) is restricted. Where we appoint an external party to undertake research or screening of information, any such arrangements will be subject to a formal agreement between the Museum of East Anglian Life and that organisation, to protect the security of your data.
We collect some information using third parties. Mid Suffolk District Council handle basic contact information data using museum systems and processes on our behalf as they are contracted to manage our front-of-house. We also collect information using third party applications, such as VenPos, Virgin Giving, the Audience Agency, Just Giving and Campaign Monitor.
Seeing the data we hold about you
You can submit a ‘Subject Access Request’ to see the data we hold about you. This should be sent to enquiries@eastanglianlife.org.uk or addressed to ‘Data Controller, Museum of East Anglian Life, Crowe Street, Stowmarket, Suffolk, IP14 1DL’. We will try to respond to any requests within 28 days. To make a Subject Access Request you will need to provide proof of identity such as a copy of your passport, birth certificate or driving licence before your request can be processed.
Cookies on our website
In order to make our website easier to use and improve our service, we sometimes place small amounts of information on your computer. These are known as cookies and they are used by most major websites. You can find out more about our use of cookies here.
Updates to this policy
We regularly review our privacy policy and may make changes from time to time. The latest updates will be posted to this location.
Join mailing list
Online StoreBuy tickets & Memberships through our online storeBirthday PartiesGive your child a Birthday Party to remember at the Museum of East Anglian LifeDonateHelp support the upkeep of the museum
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy