https://ecctyc.org/statement-of-privacy/
Skip to content
We Are Ecctyclearn about us
inside englishrecent happenings
Resourcesposition papers
Conferences & Eventsgathering of brilliant minds
Adjunct Resourceshelpful links and news
Directors
Statement of Privacy
English Council of California Two Year Colleges (ECCTYC) Statement of Privacy
ECCTYC is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the ECCTYC Web site (http://www.ecctyc.org) and governs data collection and usage at all ECCTYC sites, sub-sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services not explicitly mentioned in this document. Please read this ECCTYC Statement of Privacy carefully. ECCTYC is a general audience web site, although most content and services are mostly intended for the ECCTYC, TYCA, and NCTE organization members. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
ECCTYC collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, full name, home or work address or telephone number through our Web site registration and/or our online store. Information collected by ECCTYC is used solely for the purpose of user identification, billing and shipping of online purchases, and other services offered by our Web site. ECCTYC does not collect any other information about you that is not directly related and useful to the services we offer.
ECCTYC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ECCTYC so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ECCTYC Web site.
Collection of Non-personal Information
The ECCTYC Web site uses browser cookies to track site statistics. Browser cookies are pieces of text stored on a user’s computer by their web browser. A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data. Information stored on cookies used for site statistics will not contain any personally identifiable information and will only be used in aggregate data collection and analysis.
ECCTYC partners with various third parties and affiliates to allow placement of ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect aggregate information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
Use of your Personal Information
ECCTYC and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that ECCTYC may also use your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from our online store and/or our affiliates. ECCTYC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ECCTYC does not sell, rent or lease its customer information to third parties. ECCTYC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We may hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
ECCTYC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
ECCTYC may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ECCTYC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ECCTYC, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ECCTYC or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which ECCTYC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. ECCTYC abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your Personal Information
ECCTYC offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by emailing privacy@ecctyc.org. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from ECCTYC by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
ECCTYC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities.
Our online store can only be accessed via a secure communications channel (using the HTTPS protocol) and all communication to and from our Web site is encrypted. We do not transmit highly confidential information (such as credit card information) over the Internet. We use third parties (such as Google Checkout and/or PayPal) to process online orders from our Web site and guarantee that these companies take security seriously. Please see their privacy statements to learn more about their privacy processes and policies.
Changes to this Statement
ECCTYC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how ECCTYC will use your personal information, ECCTYC will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. ECCTYC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ECCTYC is protecting your information.
Historical Modifications:
05/26/2011: Initial version posted
Other Pages
Adjunct Resources
Home Page
TYCA Pacific Coast
Statement of Privacy
Terms of Service
Get In Touch
Community Links
Membership Payments
Back to top
Terms of Service
Statement of Privacy
Get In Touch
Advertise With Us
Social:
© 2020 The English Council of California Two Year Colleges
All Rights Reserved.