http://educationAmerica.net/privacy.html
Contents
About the EAN
FAQ & Help
Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy Statement
Jobseeker Login
Username:
Password:
Start Applying to Jobs Now! Register Today!
Forgot Password
Employer Login
Username:
Password:
More Info
Post your jobs on EAN Today!
Forgot Password
Inside EAN
Information for Job Seekers
Information for Employers
Information for Advertisers
Help / FAQ
Contact Us
Tech Support
Home |
Contact Us
Jobseekers |
Employers |
Advertisers
Search Jobs |
Browse Employers |
Resource Center |
Employer Center |
My EAN Center
/ EAN /
About the EAN /
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement is applicable to Education America Network.
Education America does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except
when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example,
such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes
registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection
with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions,
voting/polling activities and transactional areas. Personally identifiable information on
individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third
parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points
of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would
like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products,
services and offerings from Education America Network and/or any third parties. Further,
notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, Education America Network
reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the
subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or
the information collected.
Commercial entities are hereby put on notice that "harvesting" of e-mail addresses
through the use of web "spiders" or other similar activities for the use of unsolicited
commercial e-mail (UCE or "spam") is strictly forbidden. Violation of this policy will
lead to referral to the appropriate authorities, including the commercial entity's
Internet service provider, and appropriate legal authorities, when applicable.
Education America Network reserves the right to invoice such unauthorized advertisers at
our current cost per impression advertising rate for appropriation of these addresses.
Unsolicited commercial emails are strictly prohibited through any
Education America Network mailrings, and may result in the immediate billing for
unauthorized advertising at the rate of $5.00 per subscriber per mail list utilized.
Users should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically
collected through the standard operation of Education America Network's internet servers or
through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to
recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the
site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will
allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that
come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a
unique number to the user that has no mEANing outside the assigning site. Users
should be aware that Education America Network cannot control the use of cookies or the
resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for
Education America Network. If a user does not want information collected through the
use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the
user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that
cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized
delivery of information) available on the Education America Network Site.
Upon request, Education America Network will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional
contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, Education America Network will use reasonable efforts
to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user
states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security
interests. Also, upon a user's request, Education America Network will use commercially reasonable
efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its
database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual
information because of backups and records of deletions.
Education America Network does allow for third party advertisers to post their banners and advertisements
on our website.
From some of these companies (i.e. Google) serve ads from their own web servers.
These companies may or may not use cookies to track their ads. As a result, these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know
your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
The foregoing policies are effective as of August 1, 2000. Education America Network reserves the
right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new
privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to
and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
If any Person at any time has any questions or concerns about Education America's privacy practices, the Person can either:
a) write to Customer Service - Privacy Inquiry, Education America, 12400 Hwy 71 West, Suite 350-419, Austin, TX 78738; or
b) provide information to Education America through our contact form.
Teacher Salaries
Certification Information
Events Directory
World of Education
About EAN   |   Terms & Conditions of Use   |   Privacy
Policy
Education America Network. All Rights Reserved.
Our Education Partners:
ABOUT TRUST ONLINE