https://educulture.com/privacy-policy
ECIEdu-Culture ImmersionContact Us
Quality High School Study Abroad Programs
Call Toll Free: 1-844-467-4697
Programs 2021
Individual Spain Immersion
Individual France
Immersion
Scholarships
Videos
Photo Gallery
Dates & Fees
Testimonials
About ECI
FAQs
Contact
Apply Now
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Who we are
At ECI we are committed to maintaining trust between ourselves and you our customers (both parents and students). We never share your details with any other organisations or companies. Your personal information remains with us. Please read this Privacy Policy for details about how your personal information is handled and stored.
Personal information and mailing lists
As part of the registration process when you sign up for an ECI program we collect personal information. We collect this information via the following applications:
Checkfront
This is a cloud based booking application that allows organisations such as ECI to manage their inventories online, centralize reservations, and process payments online. For more information please see the Checkfront Privacy Policy.
Wufoo
This is an online form builder application that we use to collect information from you in the following ways:
When you apply for a scholarship
When you fill out a Teacher Recommendation Form
When you fill out a post trip Evaluation Form
For more information please see the Wufoo Privacy Policy.
LiveChat
This is an online customer service application with live support and web analytics capabilities. We use this online chat facility to communicate directly with you via our website. We capture the following information from you during a LiveChat session:
Your email address
Your location
A record of our text based chat with you
For more information please see the LiveChat Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics
When someone visits educulture.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
MailChimp
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You can unsubscribe to general mailings by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of any of our newsletters or by emailing our data protection officer Marie Harris at info [at] educulture [dot] com. For more information please see the MailChimp Privacy Policy.
Why we collect your personal information
We use the information you supply us for the following reasons:
To maintain communication with you both prior to and during the trip or course (both parents and students).
To help us place you with a suitable host family or HomeTeach teacher. We share your contact and personal details with Host Family Coordinators, Host Families, HomeTeach teachers, HomeTeach Coordinators and language schools (where applicable in each case).
To give you information about ECI news, trips and HomeTeach courses via newsletters that we send out on a regular basis.
We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
Children’s details and consent
GDPR sets the age at which a child can give consent at 13 for the UK and 16 for the rest of Europe. For students under the age of 16 filling out our online registration form we require consent from a parent or guardian. This will be asked for on the registration form.
About the information we hold
Once we receive information about you via our online registration application Checkfront, this information is held on our database until the end of your programme with us. After this time it is archived on our system and held securely in our Checkfront account. After 3 years this information is deleted. We keep it for this length of time in case you need to contact us for any follow up reason relating to the financial transactions you made to us, or anything concerning your host family stay. You can contact us at any time during this 3 year period to ask us to delete the information we hold for you.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Marie Harris at info [at] educulture [dot] com.
About us
ECI is based in the UK. It is here that decisions about how your data is processed are taken.
Cookies
Cookies and how they benefit you
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Allowing you to add comments to our site
Remembering if we have already asked you certain questions (e.g. you declined to use our app or take our survey)
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Disabling cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Policy will be reviewed annually in order to make certain that ECI remains GDPR compliant, and in an effort to improve our relationship with our customers, in terms of protecting your privacy and handling of your personal information you have entrusted to us.
This policy was last reviewed on May 22nd 2018.
Latest Tweets
Immerse yourself in the French language and culture! Live with a volunteer family in the beautiful Alpine region of France #studyabroad educulture.com
About 11 months ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
Why Immersion? The ECI Immersion Experience in Gap, France youtu.be/-rKFpGCsH3I via @YouTube
#studyabroad The best way to improve your French fluency is to spend your summer in France living with a French family.
About a year ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
RT @educulture Immerse yourself in the beauty of the French culture this summer.
educulture.com/eci-france-sum… pic.twitter.com/basQX6ORYn
About a year ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
#learnFrench in France! Live with a family in the French Alps this summer (2020).
About a year ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
#learnSpanish in San Sebastián this summer (2020) by living with an amazing Spanish host family and speaking nothing but Spanish!
About a year ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
#studyabroad Without a doubt the best way to improve your Spanish fluency is by living with a host family. Immersion programs are the best way to achieve your language goals!
About a year ago from Educulture (ECI)'s Twitter
Follow ECI
EmailFacebookGoogle+LinkedInPinterestRSSTwitterYouTubeEdu-Culture Immersion
Life-changing individual and group immersion programs for high school students. The highest quality summer Study Abroad programs in France & Spain since 1998.
Become a Host Family
Share your home and your culture this spring or summer—host a student from Europe. A fantastic opportunity for your family to forge links with a teenager from France or Spain. Become a Host Family
Immersion—Unique to ECI
No other Study Abroad program is quite like ECI. Volunteer host families in France & Spain offer an authentic family experience. Included in all group and individual programs.
Top
Copyright © Edu-Culture Immersion · Terms & Conditions · Privacy Policy
Photography: Juan Manuel Canero & Patricia Ramos · Videos: Juan Manuel Canero · Website: Blue Light
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy