http://endeca.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Endeca
Oracle Buys Endeca
On October 18, 2011, Oracle announced it has entered into an agreement to acquire Endeca, a leading provider of unstructured data management, web commerce and business intelligence solutions.
The transaction closed on December 5, 2011.
Oracle with Endeca plans to create a comprehensive technology platform to process, store, manage, search and analyze structured and unstructured information together enabling businesses to make stronger and more profitable decisions. The combination of Oracle ATG Commerce with Endeca's InFront web commerce solutions is expected to enhance cross-channel commerce, merchandising, and online customer experiences. Adding Endeca Latitude software to Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBI EE) is expected to provide a single unified user interface for analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Read the press release
Support for Endeca products
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers from Thomas Kurian, Executive Vice President, Product Development, outlining the benefits of the combination
Letter to Partners from Judson Althoff, Senior Vice President, Oracle Worldwide Alliances and Channels, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Endeca will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Product Information
Business Intelligence Products
Oracle Endeca Information Discovery
Services and Sales
Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers