http://evans-legal.com/dan/tpfaq.html
THE TAX PROTESTER FAQ
Created by Daniel
B. Evans
Copyright
© 1998-2010. All rights reserved. Not
legal advice.
First published: 11/28/1998; Last updated: 2/27/2011
Like most things on the Internet, this is a work in progress.
Not all citations and quotations have been confirmed, and there are
additional cases and arguments that may be added in the future.
Table of Contents
Introduction
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
Constitutional Fallacies
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the
burden to others.
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because that
would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to
individual citizens because Congress has power only over states and
not over individual citizens.
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of the
income is first determined.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because it does
not expressly repeal any provision of Article I of the
Constitution.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the
word “income” is not defined.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they
are not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th
Amendment.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any
tax without a court order is a violation of the due process clause
of the 5th Amendment to the Constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any tax
without a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
You cannot be required to file an income tax return
because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th Amendment
guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against
yourself.
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income tax
return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment
rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
Receipt of Federal Reserve Notes is not “income”
because Federal Reserve Notes are not lawful money (“coins in
gold or silver”) within the meaning of the Constitution.
The establishment of a “Pure Trust”
can protect income and earnings from income tax, because a trust is
a form of contract and is therefore protected from impairment by
the contract clause to the Constitution.
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right to
withhold taxes from the government until the government has
answered a “petition for the redress of grievances.”
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right to
withhold taxes from the government that are used for wars and other
purposes that violate the religious beliefs of the taxpayer.
The United States does not have “standing”
to enforce the federal tax laws.
Statutory Fallacies
The Internal Revenue Code is not a law.
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
The Internal Revenue Code cannot define
“income” because it is a term used in the Constitution
and Congress cannot modify the Constitution by statute.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because
wages represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Even if my wages are income, I can deduct
deduct the ordinary costs of living in order to calculate the
“gain” from my labor.
Even if my wages are gross income, I can
deduct the full amount of the wages as a “claim of right”
and not have any taxable income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax only applies to the domestic
income of nonresident aliens.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The requirement to file a return is
based on the receipt of income in excess of the exemption amount,
but the exemption amount is not specified by the statute and so
there is no enforceable obligation to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by
applying for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or
other governmental benefit or privilege.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding certificate)
is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
Only the salaries of government employees
are subject to levy.
The income tax applies only to
corporations.
Income taxes can be avoiding by forming a
“corporation sole” or other tax-exempt charitable
organization.
I am not a “person” within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are
not a “taxpayer.”
I cannot be prosecuted for failing to file
a tax return if I have a good faith belief that the tax laws do not
apply to me.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
Procedural Fallacies
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore,
failing to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented
by regulations.
The Office of Management and Budget does not require
any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as applying only
to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
The Internal Revenue Service is not an agency of the
federal government, but a private corporation incorporated in
Delaware (or, alternatively, an agency of the government of Puerto
Rico).
The notices issued by the IRS are not
valid because they were not signed by the Secretary of the Treasury
personally and the Secretary has failed to properly delegate the
authority to sign the notices.
The notices issued by the IRS are invalid because
they are not signed under penalties of perjury as required by
I.R.C. section 6065.
If I do not file a return, then the Internal Revenue
Service cannot assess a deficiency without first preparing a signed
“substitute for return” in accordance with I.R.C.
section 6020(b).
I have revoked my consent to be a taxpayer.
I have a letter from the IRS saying that I am
not required to file an income tax return.
I am not required to file a tax return because I
wrote a letter to the IRS demanding to know where in the Internal
Revenue Code it says I am required to file and the IRS has failed
to respond.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
A notice of lien is invalid unless the form
and content of the notice complies with the state law for recording
liens.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently
issuing notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued.
I can sue my employer for withholding taxes
without my consent.
The Tax Court is controlled by the IRS and
always rules in its favor.
If you’re right, why don’t you claim
the $________ reward that [name of tax protester] is offering to
anyone who can show [insert tax protester gibberish here]?
Fundamental Misconceptions, Illiteracy,
and Illogic
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always
assume that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong?
Couldn’t the courts be wrong about what the Constitution
means?”)
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
Taking quotations out of context.
A belief that the word “includes”
is restrictive.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
Assuming that, if a statement is true, the
converse of the statement must also be true.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
Not being able to see the forest for the trees.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
Lies and fabrications.
Legalistic gibberish.
Paranoid (and Other) Delusions
There are lots of tax protesters who have
won cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and
Vernice Kuglin.
There are many lawyers, accountants, former
IRS employees, and other well-educated people who agree with tax
protester arguments.
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against
the parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters
are all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested
interest in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are
paid by the income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that
feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and
so are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases
against the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
If Congress really meant for Americans to
pay taxes on their earnings, Congress would have changed to law to
make our obligations and liabilities clearer, because then tax
protesters would have no choice by to obey the law.
I would file returns and pay taxes if
Congress, the IRS, or the courts would just show me the law that
requires me to do so.
The number of nonfilers is growing, showing
that the number of people who are anti-tax (and anti-IRS) is
growing.
Related (But Non-Tax) Lunacies
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
In a jury trial, the defendant can ask
the jury to decide the validity of the law.
A judge must be able to produce a copy
of his “oath of office” on demand, and has no
jurisdiction without it.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
I have copyrighted my name, so no
government agency or court can use it without my permission, and I
can collect damages from them if they use my name without my
permission.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
I can pay taxes (or other debts) using
"bills of exchange" that draw on a Treasury account
opened with my Social Security number.
More About Tax Protesters
A “tax protester” is
only someone classified as a “tax protester” by the
Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the IRS definition of
“tax protester.”
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws,
and keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and
have no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
The federal income tax is inapplicable, invalid,
unenforceable, or unconstitutional because [________________]?
Other web sites with information on tax protester
arguments.
The Tax Protester FAQ
Introduction
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
The purpose of this FAQ is to provide concise, authoritative
rebuttals to nonsense about the U.S. tax system that is frequently
posted on web sites scattered throughout the Internet, by a variety
of fanatics, idiots, charlatans, and dupes, frequently referred to by
the courts as “tax protesters”.
This “FAQ” is therefore not a collection of frequently
asked questions, but a collection of frequently made
assertions, together with an explanation of why each assertion
is false.
And the assertions addressed in this FAQ are not merely false, but
completely ridiculous, requiring not just ignorance of law and
history, but a suspension of logic and reason.
In this FAQ, you will read many decisions of judges who refer to
the views of tax protesters as “frivolous,” “ridiculous,”
“absurd,” “preposterous,” or “gibberish.”
If you don’t read a lot of judicial opinions, you may not
understand the full weight of what it means when a judge calls an
argument “frivolous” or “ridiculous.” Perhaps
an analogy will help explain the attitude of judges.
Imagine a group of professional scientists who have met to discuss
important issues of physics and chemistry, and then someone comes
into their meeting and challenges them to prove that the earth
revolves around the sun. At first, they might be unable to believe
that the challenger is serious. Eventually, they might be polite
enough to explain the observations and calculations which lead
inevitably to the conclusion that the earth does indeed revolve
around the sun. Suppose the challenger is not convinced, but insists
that there is actually no evidence that the earth revolves around the
sun, and that all of the calculations of the scientists are
deliberately misleading. At that point, they will be jaw-droppingly
astounded, and will no longer be polite, but will evict the
challenger/lunatic from their meeting because he is wasting their
time.
That is the way judges view tax protesters. At first, they try to
be civil and treat the claims as seriously as they can. However,
after dismissing case after case with the same insane claims,
sometimes by the same litigant, judges start pulling out the
dictionary to see how many synonyms they can find for “absurd.”
The frustration of judges is well described in the following
opinion of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, responding to an
appeal raising some of the ridiculous constitutional claims described
in this FAQ:
“We are sensitive to the need for the courts to
remain open to all who seek in good faith to invoke the protection of
law. An appeal that lacks merit is not always--or often--frivolous.
However we are not obliged to suffer in silence the filing of
baseless, insupportable appeals presenting no colorable claims of
error and designed only to delay, obstruct, or incapacitate the
operations of the courts or any other governmental authority. Crain’s
present appeal is of this sort. It is a hodgepodge of unsupported
assertions, irrelevant platitudes, and legalistic gibberish. The
government should not have been put to the trouble of responding to
such spurious arguments, nor this court to the trouble of
’adjudicating’ this meritless appeal.”
Crain v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417, 1418 (5th Cir. 1984).
The court not only ruled against Crain, but imposed a damage award
against him (essentially a fine) of $2,000 for bringing a frivolous
appeal. Id at 1418.
So, when a judge calls an argument “ridiculous” or
“frivolous,” it is absolutely the worst thing the judge
could say. It means that the person arguing the case has absolutely
no idea of what he is doing, and has completely wasted everyone’s
time. It doesn’t mean that the case wasn’t well argued,
or that judge simply decided for the other side, it means that there
was no other side.. The argument was absolutely,
positively, incompetent. The judge is not telling you that
you that you were “wrong.” The judge is telling you that
you are out of your mind.
This FAQ addresses only assertions that are frivolous, and only
questions of law, not politics or economics. It is not the purpose of
this FAQ to criticize any opinion, or stifle any debate, about the
proper scope or operation of the federal tax system. For example,
claims that the federal income tax is unfair, morally equivalent to
theft, or bad economic policy are all matters of opinion, not law,
and are outside the scope of this FAQ. However, a claim that the
federal income tax is unconstitutional, unenforceable, or
inapplicable is an assertion of law and is within the scope of this
FAQ.
Finally, it should be noted that this FAQ does not include all of
the decisions of all the federal courts that have been forced to deal
with tax protesters and tax protester arguments, but includes mainly
published decisions of the United States Supreme Court and Circuit
Courts of Appeal that have most clearly refuted these tax protester
claims. District Court and Tax Court decisions have been included to
fill some gaps, as well as a few unpublished Circuit Court of Appeals
decisions, but hundreds of published decisions of the Tax Court and
District Courts have not been included, as well as many published and
unpublished decisions of the Courts of Appeals.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
There are lots of tax protesters who have won
cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
There are many lawyers and well-educated
people who believe that tax protester positions are valid and have
been successful in arguing tax protester cases. People like Lowell
H. Becraft, Irwin Schiff, etc.
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against the
parties so that the opinions are never published.
A “tax protester” is only
someone classified as a “tax protester” by the Internal
Revenue Service in accordance with the IRS definition of “tax
protester.”
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
Other web sites with information on tax protester
arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
What is a “tax protester”?
The phrase “tax protester” is commonly applied to two
different types of people:
People who refuse to pay taxes in order
to protest policies of the federal government that are supported by
those taxes, or who refuse to support those policies, such as people
who refused to pay taxes that pay for wars (see, for example,
United States v. Malinowski, 347 F. Supp. 347, 73-1 U.S. Tax
Cas. (CCH) ¶9355
(E.D. Pa. 1972), aff’d, 472 F.2d 850, 73-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH)
¶9199 (3d Cir.
1973), cert. denied, 411 U.S. 970 (1973)); and
People who refuse to pay taxes or file tax returns out of a
mistaken belief that the federal income tax is unconstitutional,
invalid, voluntary, or otherwise does not apply to them under one of
a number of bizarre arguments, most of which are described in this
FAQ.
This FAQ uses the phrase “tax protester” in the second
sense, referring to people who refuse to file returns or pay taxes
because of ridiculous and far-fetched arguments against the validity
or application of the tax laws. (See the above explanation of the
purpose of this FAQ.)
However, many tax protesters have objected to the label of “tax
protester.” First, they claim that the IRS has improperly
applied the label “illegal tax
protester” to them and other citizens who have simply
expressed a disagreement with the tax laws. Secondly, they claim that
they are not “protesting” the tax laws, but only arguing
that the tax laws do not apply to them or their income.
In 2008, the Department of Justice began using the phrase “tax
denier” and announced a national “initiative” to
address the problems associated with tax protester-like arguments,
beliefs, and practices. See “Nathan J. Hochman, Tax Division’s
Assistant Attorney General, Announces Creation of the National Tax
Defier Initiative,” Rel.
08-275 (4/8/2008). However, the label “tax defier”
suffers from the same semantic problem as the label “tax
protester,” which is that those persons normally labeled “tax
protesters” or “tax defiers” are not protesting the
tax laws or defying the tax laws but claiming (in most cases) that
the tax laws do not validly apply to them.
For these and other reasons, a better term might be “tax
denier” (a phrase that was coined by the author of this FAQ and
first suggested in misc.taxes newsgroup posting on 4/23/2001). Just
like “Holocaust deniers” attempt to rationalize and
justify their refusal to accept an indisputable historical fact (that
Nazi Germany deliberately exterminated millions of Jews), “tax
deniers” attempt to rationalize and justify their refusal to
accept indisputable historical facts (that the Constitution allows
Congress to impose a tax on the incomes of citizens and residents of
the United States and that Congress has exercised that power). Many
(if not most) tax protesters do not “protest” the federal
income tax; they simply refuse to believe that it applies to them or
that it is constitutional.
Although the phrase “tax denier” may be more accurate,
this FAQ will (for the time being) continue to use the more
traditional description of “tax protester” to describe
tax deniers and the arguments they raise.
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
A “tax protester” is only
someone classified as a “tax protester” by the Internal
Revenue Service in accordance with the IRS definition of “tax
protester.”
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
Other web sites with information on tax protester
arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Constitutional Fallacies
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
False. It is true that there is an apportionment requirement in
the Constitution for “direct taxes,” but the 16th
Amendment clearly eliminates the apportionment requirement for all
taxes on incomes.
Before the adoption of the 16th Amendment, the constitutionality
of an income tax was determined under Article I, Section 9, Clause 4
of the Constitution, which states that:
“No Capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be
laid, unless in Proportion to the Census or Enumeration herein before
directed to be taken.”
The reference to the “Census or Enumeration” was a
reference to Article I, Section 2, of the Constitution, which directs
that:
“Representatives and direct Taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which may be included within
this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which shall be
determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, including
those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
taxed, three fifths of all other Persons.”
(“All other Persons” meant slaves.)
Whether or not an income tax should have been considered to be a
“direct tax” that must be apportioned will be discussed
below, but the 16th Amendment to the Constitution, ratified in 1913,
removed all doubt about apportionment because it clearly states that:
“The Congress shall have power to lay and
collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without
apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any
census or enumeration.”
And so, following the ratification of the 16th
Amendment, Congress enacted an unapportioned income tax, and the
constitutionality of that tax was challenged, but the Supreme Court
held unanimously that the income tax was constitutional because “in
express terms the Amendment provides that income taxes, from whatever
source the income may be derived, shall not be subject to the
regulation of apportionment.” Brushaber v. Union Pacific
R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
The arguments that tax protesters make about the validity and
meaning of the 16th Amendment will be dealt with in other
sections of this FAQ. (See “Related Topics,” below.)
But because tax protesters continue to insist that a tax on
incomes was a “direct tax” both before the ratification
of the 16th Amendment and even afterwards, a brief history
of the Supreme Court’s interpretation of “direct tax”
is appropriate.
Meaning of “Direct Tax” Before the 16th
Amendment
Exactly what the framers of the Constitution meant by “direct
Taxes” has been subject of much debate.
The phrase “direct taxation” appears many times in
James Madison’s Notes of Debates in the Federal Convention
of 1787, because the convention had agreed that representation in
Congress and “direct taxes” should both be apportioned
among the states in the same way, according to population, but with
slaves being counted as three-fifths of a person. (By contrast, the
power of Congress to impose duties, imposts, and excises received
very little discussion, except to agree that those kinds of taxes
should be “uniform throughout the United States.”) And
yet, on August 20, 1787, on the same day that the convention approved
the final version of the Constitution, Madison reports that “Mr
King asked what was the precise meaning of direct taxation. No
one answerd.”
To understand the context of the debates about “direct
taxes” in the constitutional convention, it is important to
note that, under Article VII of the Articles of Confederation that
were in force before the Constitution was ratified, the states were
required to supply the funds that Congress required “in
proportion to the value of all land within each State,” and yet
each state had only one vote, so the larger states were required to
contribute more to the defense of the United States and yet could be
outvoted by smaller states on how the contributions would be spent.
An early draft of the new Constitution, proposed to the convention
by William Paterson of New Jersey, provided for the apportionment of
“requisitions” among the states using the same language
eventually adopted for the apportionment of “direct Taxes.”
This suggests that “direct Taxes” were considered to be
substitutes for, or perhaps equivalent to, the requisitions
previously exacted by Congress from the states.
Taking the debates reported in Madison’s Notes as a
whole, it appears that the required apportionment of “direct
Taxes” was intended to address the concerns of the relatively
wealthy southern states of the new United States, with large
plantations owned by relatively few people and larger number of
slaves than the northern states, that taxes imposed by a certain
amount per person (i.e., capitations and poll taxes) should be
adjusted for slaves, and that taxes on land should be allocated among
the states in proportionate to their populations, not their values.
There are several statements in the Federalist Papers in
which “direct taxes” are equated with taxes on wealth.
For example, in Federalist #12, Alexander Hamilton (who had been a
delegate to the constitutional convention) wrote:
“In so opulent a nation as that of Britain,
where direct taxes from superior wealth must be much more
tolerable, and, from the vigor of the government, much more
practicable, than in America, far the greatest part of the national
revenue is derived from taxes of the indirect kind, from imposts, and
from excises. Duties on imported articles form a large branch of this
latter description.”
(Emphasis added.)
And, in Federalist #21, Alexander Hamiton wrote:
“Impositions of this kind [taxes on articles of
consumption] usually fall under the denomination of indirect taxes,
and must for a long time constitute the chief part of the revenue
raised in this country. Those of the direct kind, which
principally relate to land and buildings, may admit of a rule of
apportionment.”
(Emphasis added.)
And, in Federalist #54, Hamilton or Madison wrote that the
apportionment of taxes “has reference to the proportion of
wealth,” and is applied “to the relative wealth and
contributions of the States.”
Each of these statements is consistent in their understanding that
a “direct taxes” were (a) capitations and poll taxes, and
(b) taxes on wealth (primarily the value of land).
Only nine years after the constitutional convention, the Supreme
Court affirmed this understanding in Hylton v. United States,
3 U.S. 171
(1796). Three of the four justices who decided the case wrote
opinions (separate opinions was the usual practice of that day), and
all four justices agreed that “direct tax” did not apply
to an annual tax on the private ownership of carriages.
Justice Chase wrote that:
“I am inclined to think, but of this I do not
give a judicial opinion, that the direct taxes contemplated by the
Constitution, are only two, to wit, a capitation, or poll tax,
simply, without regard to property, profession, or any other
circumstance; and a tax on LAND. I doubt whether a tax, by a general
assessment of personal property, within the United States, is
included within the term direct tax.”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Chase; emphasis in
original).
Justice Paterson (who was a delegate to the constitutional
convention and, as discussed above, presented one of the first drafts
of the constitution, including a provision for the apportionment of
“requisitions”), expressed a similar opinion:
“Whether direct taxes, in the sense of the
Constitution, comprehend any other tax than a capitation tax, and tax
on land, is a questionable point. ... I never entertained a doubt,
that the principal, I will not say, the only, objects, that the
framers of the Constitution contemplated as falling within the rule
of apportionment, were a capitation tax and a tax on land.”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Paterson).
Finally, Justice Iredell (who was not a delegate to the
constitutional convention, but was a delegate to the North Carolina
convention that debated ratification of the Constitution) expressed
his opinion that:
“Perhaps a direct tax in the sense of the
Constitution, can mean nothing but a tax on something inseparably
annexed to the soil: Something capable of apportionment under all
such circumstances.A land or a poll tax may be considered of
this description.”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Iredell).
Justice Wilson, who was also a member of the constitutional
convention, wrote a brief opinion joining in the decision, but did
not explain his decision beyond saying that he “had before
expressed a judicial opinion on the subject, in the Circuit Court of
Virginia” in which he upheld the constitutionality of the tax.
(No copy of his opinion in the Circuit Court of Virginia survives.)
The question of whether a tax on income was a “direct tax”
within the meaning of the Constitution, or a “duty,”
“impost,” or “excise,” did not arise until
the Civil War began, when the Union enacted additional taxes, some on
incomes, in order to pay for the war.
The first of these new taxes to reach the Supreme Court was a tax
on the gross amounts of premiums received by insurance companies.
Writing for a unanimous court, Justice Swayne quoted from the
opinions of Chase and Paterson in Hylton case, as well as
other authorities on the meaning of “duties,” “imposts,”
and “excises,” and concluded that:
“If a tax upon carriages, kept for his own use
by the owner, is not a direct tax, we can see no ground upon which a
tax upon the business of an insurance company can be held to belong
to that class of revenue charges.”
Pacific Ins. Co. v. Soule, 74
U.S. 433 (1868) (holding that a tax on insurance company income
was a “duty or excise”).
In 1869, reviewing the acts of Congress that had imposed “direct
taxes” since the Hylton decision, as well as the opinions in
the Hylton case itself, the Supreme Court confirmed that:
“This review [of the history of Congressional
impositions of “direct taxes”] shows that personal
property, contracts, occupations, and the like, have never been
regarded by Congress as proper subjects of direct tax.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75
U.S. 533, 543 (1869).
And:
“[I]t may further it may further be taken as
established upon the testimony of Paterson, that the words direct
taxes, as used in the Constitution, comprehended only capitation
taxes, and taxes on land, and perhaps taxes on personal property by
general valuation and assessment of the various descriptions
possessed with the several States.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75 U.S. 533, 546 (1869).
Finally, in a challenge to a general income tax imposed on
individuals, the Supreme Court followed the opinions from the Hylton
decision and ruled unanimously that an income tax was an “excise
or duty,” and not a “direct tax,” and did not need
to be apportioned among the states. Springer v. United States,
102 U.S. 586 (1880).
That would seem to have settled the issue, except that the Supreme
Court decided to re-examine the question of whether an income tax was
a “direct tax” just 14 years later, and decided to limit
(or “distinguish” ) the Hylton and Springer
decisions.
In the first Pollock decision, a majority of the court (7
of the 9 justices) began with the premise that a tax on the income
from property is the same as a tax on the value of the property
itself, a premise completely inconsistent with every other Supreme
Court decision before or since (and repudiated by the Supreme Court
in New York v. Graves, 300 U.S. 308 (1937)). The Court then
concluded that a tax on rents received from real property was a
“direct tax” and unconstitutional unless apportioned.
Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan and Trust Co., 157
U.S. 429 (1894). On rehearing, a narrower majority (5 of the 9
justices) decided that a tax on dividends, interest, and other income
from personal property (i.e., property other than land) was
also a “direct tax” and so unconstitutional unless
apportioned. Pollock v. Farmers Bank and Trust Co., 158
U.S. 601 (1895).
As will be discussed in more detail below,
the Pollock court was very clear that it was only a tax on the
incomes from property that was a “direct tax,” and other
forms of income could be taxed without apportionment. This was
confirmed in Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240
U.S. 1 (1916). Nevertheless, the Pollock decisions limited
the ability of Congress to impose a taxes on incomes, because it was
necessary to determine the source of the income. Wages, salaries, and
other earned incomes could be taxed, and income from manufacturing
and other business activities could be taxed, but rents, interest,
dividends, and other incomes from property could not be taxed without
apportionment (a very awkward process). The 16th Amendment was
therefore proposed by Congress, and ratified by the states, so that
Congress could tax incomes “from whatever source derived,
without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to
any census or enumeration.”
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Most tax protester arguments that a tax on incomes is a “direct
tax” rely in one way or another on the decisions of the U.S.
Supreme Court in Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan and Trust Co.,
157 U.S. 429
(1894), on reh’ng 158
U.S. 601 (1895), discussed above.
However, the Pollock decisions were rendered in 1894 and
1895 and there is no question but that the 16th Amendment,
which was proposed in 1909 and ratified by the required three-fourths
of the states in 1913, slightly less than four years later, was
intended to over-rule the Pollock decisions.
“[T]there is no escape from the conclusion that
the Amendment was drawn for the purpose of doing away for the future
with the principle upon which the Pollock Case was decided....”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
Any argument that relies upon the Pollock decisions is
therefore almost certainly wrong.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because that
would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because it does
not expressly repeal any provision of Article I of the Constitution.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the word
“income” is not defined.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax cannot apply to
individual citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
False.
Although the meaning of “direct tax” has sometimes
been questioned, it was always understood that taxes imposed by
Congress could apply to, and be collected from, individual citizens,
and that not every tax collected directly from the population was a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
One common mistake made by tax protesters is in assuming that the
phrase “Capitation, or other direct, Tax” in the
Constitution is a reference to any tax that is collected “directly”
from the person on whom it is imposed, while “indirect”
taxes such as “Duties, Imposts and Excises” are collected
on goods during manufacture, or in transit, and the ultimate burden
is passed along to someone else (usually the consumer). That is a
definition of “direct” and “indirect” that is
frequently used by economists, but it is not the
meaning of “direct” and “indirect” that has
been applied by the U.S. Supreme Court.
In Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), the Supreme Court was unanimous in its opinion
that Congress could impose a tax on a citizen of Virginia for
carriages held for personal use and that the tax was an excise or
duty and not “direct.” Of the four justices who
heard the case, two (William Paterson and James Wilson) were members
of the Constitutional Convention that drafted the Constitution, and
presumably knew what it meant.
In Springer v. United States, 102 U.S. 586 (1880), the
Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of an income tax against
an individual, William H. Springer, finding that the income tax was a
constitutional “duty or excise” and not a “direct
tax.”
In Tyee Realty Co. v. Anderson, 240 U.S. 115, 117 (1916),
one of the appellants was an individual named Edwin Thorne, and he
complained about the constitutionality of “a progressive tax on
the income of individuals.” The Supreme Court denied the appeal
saying that “we need not now enter into an original
consideration of the merits of these contentions because each and all
of them were considered and adversely disposed of in Brushaber v.
Union P. R. Co., 240 U.S. 1, 60 L.Ed. __, 36 Sup. Ct. Rep. 236.”
(And the Brushaber decision upheld the constitutionality of an
income tax under the 16th Amendment.)
More recent judges have rejected this argument as well:
“[Becraft’s] position can fairly be
reduced to one elemental proposition: The Sixteenth Amendment does
not authorize a direct non-apportioned income tax on resident United
States citizens and thus such citizens are not subject to the federal
income tax laws. ... We hardly need comment on the patent absurdity
and frivolity of such a proposition. For over 75 years, the Supreme
Court and the lower federal courts have both implicitly and
explicitly recognized the Sixteenth Amendment’s authorization
of a non-apportioned direct income tax on United States citizens
residing in the United States and thus the validity of the federal
income tax laws as applied to such citizens.”
In re Becraft, 885 F.2d 547 (9th Cir., 1989).
“[W]e have rejected, on numerous occasions, the
tax-protester argument that the federal income tax is an
unconstitutional direct tax that must be apportioned. See, e.g.,
Lively v. Commissioner, 705 F.2d 1017, 1018 (8th Cir.1983)
(per curiam)”
United States v. Gerads, 999 F.2d 1255 (8th Cir. 1993),
cert. den. 510 U.S. 1193 (1994).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: .. .. (3) the income tax is a direct tax which is invalid
absent apportionment, and Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust
Co., 157 U.S. 429, 15 S.Ct. 673, 39 L.Ed. 759, modified, 158 U.S.
601, 15 S.Ct. 912, 39 L.Ed. 1108 (1895), is authority for that and
other arguments against the government’s power to impose income
taxes on individuals.. ..”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“It is generally agreed that Article I of the
Constitution authorizes Congress to tax the income of individuals,
and that the Sixteenth Amendment eliminated the requirement that such
taxes be apportioned among the states.”
In re: Michael Fleming, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5138; No.
97-6342-8G3 (U.S.Bank.Ct. M.D.Fl. 8/9/2000).
“Congress may impose taxes on individuals in the
states without apportionment among the several States, and ‘without
regard to any census or enumeration,’ and ‘on incomes,
from whatever source derived.’”
Secora v. United States, 1997 WL 460162, at 6 (U.S.D.C.
Neb.).
The meaning of “direct tax” urged by many tax
protesters as a “tax imposed directly” would trivialize
the Constitution, because it reduces the constitutional definition of
“direct tax” to a mere question of how the tax is
collected. So, if the U.S. were to impose a tax on employees for the
wages they receive, that would be a “direct tax”
according to the tax protester definition, but if the U.S. were to
impose a tax on employers for wages paid (or a tax on
banks for the payment of interest, or on corporations for the payment
of dividends), that would be an “indirect tax” and
constitutional, even though the net effect would be exactly the same
(i.e., the employees or depositors or shareholders would bear the
burden of the tax through reduced wages and salaries, interest, or
dividends). The meaning of “direct tax” that has been
consistently applied by the Supreme Court is much more sensible (as
well as consistent with the known intent of the framers of the
Constitution), because it focuses on what is being taxed (the
value of property, but not transfers of property) rather than on how
the tax is collected.
A final note:
Some courts have referred to the income tax as a “non-apportioned
direct tax,” which is unfortunate because it suggests that the
income tax is a “Capitation, or other direct, Tax” that
does not need to be apportioned, a suggestion that was explicitly
rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in Brushaber. Under the
Constitution, a “direct tax” must be apportioned, while
an “indirect tax” must be uniform throughout the United
States. One of the questions raised in Brushaber was whether
the 16th Amendment created a type of tax that need be neither
apportioned nor uniform, and the court rejected that possibility,
stating (in a rather convoluted sentence):
“[T]hat the contention that the Amendment treats
a tax on income as a direct tax although it is relieved from
apportionment and is necessarily therefore not subject to the rule of
uniformity as such rule only applies to taxes which are not direct,
thus destroying the two great classifications which have been
recognized and enforced from the beginning, is also wholly without
foundation since the command of the Amendment that all income taxes
shall not be subject to apportionment by a consideration of the
sources from which the taxed income may be derived forbids the
application to such taxes of the rule applied in the Pollock Case by
which alone such taxes were removed from the great class of excises,
duties, and imposts subject to the rule of uniformity, and were
placed under the other or direct class.”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific Railroad Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
The court then went on to hold that the income tax satisfied the
requirement of geographical uniformity imposed by the Constitution,
even though the rate of tax was not uniform on all incomes.
Did the court in Becraft, quoted above, mean to say that
the income tax is a “non-apportioned direct tax” that
need not be uniform? No, because the question of uniformity was not
raised with the court. This is merely confusion in terminology, the
court using the word “direct” to describe a tax that is
imposed and collected by the government directly from citizens or
residents of the United States, not that the income tax is a “direct
tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
I am not a “person” within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
As noted above, not all taxes that are collected directly are
“direct taxes” within the meaning of the Constitution.
One similar, but slightly more subtle argument, is that a “direct
tax” is one that imposes a burden that cannot be shifted to
someone else. Unfortunately, there is some support for this argument
in the Pollock decision.
The majority opinion in one of the Pollock decisions
introduced some confusion about the meaning of “direct tax”
and “indirect tax” through the following statement:
“The first question to be considered is whether
a tax on the rents or income of real estate is a direct tax within
the meaning of the constitution. Ordinarily, all taxes paid primarily
by persons who can shift the burden upon some one else, or who are
under no legal compulsion to pay them, are considered indirect taxes;
but a tax upon property holders in respect of their estates, whether
real or personal, or of the income yielded by such estates, and the
payment of which cannot be avoided, are direct taxes. Nevertheless,
it may be admitted that, although this definition of direct taxes is
prima facie correct, and to be applied in the consideration of the
question before us, yet the constitution may bear a different
meaning, and that such different meaning must be recognized.”
Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust Co., 157
U.S. 429, 558 (1895).
There are several problems with the meaning of “indirect
taxes” as “all taxes paid primarily by persons who can
shift the burden upon some one else” and “direct taxes”
as taxes “the payment of which cannot be avoided”:
First (and most importantly), there is no support for those
meanings in the words of the Constitution, the Federalist Papers, or
any writings of the authors of the Constitution. As noted above,
both the Federalist Papers and the opinions of the justices in the
Hylton decision (some of whom were members of the
Constitutional Convention) support the conclusion that a “direct
tax” means a tax on the value of property.
There is no support for those definitions in any previous (or
later) decision of the Supreme Court.
In the Pollock case itself, the Supreme Court admitted
in the very next sentence that “the constitution may
bear a different meaning.” As explained previously, the
Supreme Court has consistently held that a tax on incomes is not
a “direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
The Pollock court itself held that a tax on incomes from
“professions, trades, employments, or vocations,” is not
a “direct tax” without ever discussing whether the tax
was one “the payment of which cannot be avoided.” (158
U.S. at 637.) The above definition of “direct tax” is
therefore inconsistent with the decision of the Pollock court
itself.
The last consideration seems to have been recognized by the
Supreme Court itself, because in a later opinion it explicitly
rejected the principle that an inability to shift the burden of a tax
should be the test of whether a tax is “direct.” In
Knowlton v. Moore,
178 U.S. 41, 81-82 (1900), the Supreme Court upheld the
constitutionality of a federal inheritance tax), and referring to the
assertion that it was decided in the Pollock
case that “in order to
determine whether a tax be direct within the meaning of the
Constitution, it must be ascertained whether the one upon whom by law
the burden of paying it is first cast can thereafter shift it to
another person,” the court found that “this disputable
theory was not the basis of the conclusion of the court” in
Pollock.
The same (or similar)
arguments were also rejected in Nicol v. Ames, 172 U.S. 509,
515 (1899) (“[I]t it is no part of the duty of this court to
lessen, impede, or obstruct the exercise of the taxing power by
merely abstruse and subtle distinctions as to the particular nature
of a specified tax, where such distinction rests more upon the
differing theories of political economists than upon the practical
nature of the tax itself.”)
This argument was most
recently rejected by a Circuit Court in Murphy
v. I.R.S., 493 F.3d
170, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 7/3/2007). vacating 460 F.3d 79 (8/22/2006).
In any event, the argument is completely academic with respect to
incomes, because the 16th Amendment plainly states that Congress can
impose taxes on incomes without apportionment, so it is
constitutional to require individuals to pay a tax directly on their
incomes, regardless of what the Constitution might have previously
meant.
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because it does
not expressly repeal any provision of Article I of the Constitution.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the word
“income” is not defined.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
False. There is nothing in the Constitution that says that wages
or income from labor cannot be taxed, or that a tax on wages or
income from labor is a “direct” tax. And it has been the
consistent opinion of the Supreme Court beginning with Hylton v.
United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), and continuing with Springer v. United
States, 102 U.S. 586 (1880), Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan &
Trust Co., 158
U.S. 601 (1895), and Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co.,
240 U.S. 1 (1916), that the phrase “direct tax” only
applies to a tax on the value of property.
“This review [of the history of Congressional
impositions of “direct taxes”] shows that personal
property, contracts, occupations, and the like, have never been
regarded by Congress as proper subjects of direct tax.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75
U.S. 533, 543 (1869).
The income tax that was contested in the Springer decision
in 1880 was a tax on “the annual gains, profits, or income of
every person residing in the United States, or any citizen of the
United States residing abroad, whether derived from any kind of
property, rents, interests, dividends, salaries, or from any
profession, trade, employment, or vocation, carried on in the United
States or elsewhere, or from any other source whatever....” Act
of June 30, 1864, ch. 173, Sec. 116, 18 Stat. 223, 281. The statute
therefore taxed all forms of earned income, specifically including
references to both “salaries” and incomes from
“employment.” The constitutionality of the statute was
challenged by a lawyer with income from his legal practice (i.e., his
labor), and the Supreme Court unanimously upheld the
constitutionality of the tax, holding that it was a “duty or
excise” that did not need to be apportioned. Springer v.
United States, 102 U.S. 586 (1880).
The income tax that was challenged in the Pollock decision
was similar, and the majority opinion first struck down the tax on
incomes from property (i.e., rents, interests, and dividends), but
then went on to state that, if only the tax on interest, rents,
dividends, and other income from property were ruled
unconstitutional, “this would leave the burden of the tax to be
borne by professions, trades, employments, or vocations; and in that
way a tax on capital would remain in substance a tax on occupations
and labor.” Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust Co.,
158 U.S. 601,
637 (1895). The majority opinion therefore held that the entire tax
act was unconstitutional, believing that Congress would invalidate
the entire tax act rather than tax only “occupations and
labor.” (The minority opinion in Pollock believed that
the entire tax was constitutional, and so did not need to distinguish
between income from property and income from employment.)
That a tax on wages and other compensation for labor would have
been constitutional even before the adoption of the 16th Amendment
was confirmed by the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court in
Brushaber, in which the court stated:
“Nothing could serve to make this clearer than
to recall that in the Pollock Case, in so far as the law taxed
incomes from other classes of property than real estate and invested
personal property, that is, income from ‘professions, trades,
employments, or vocations,’ (158 U.S. 637), its validity was
recognized; indeed it was expressly declared that no dispute was made
upon that subject, and attention was called to the fact that taxes on
such income had been sustained as excise taxes in the past. Id. p.
635.”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
See also, Charczuk v. Commissioner, 771 F.2d 471, 473, 56
A.F.T.R.2d 85-5740, 85-2 USTC P 9656 (10th Cir. 1985) (“While
ruling that a tax upon income from real and personal property is
invalid in the absence of apportionment, the Supreme Court [in
Pollock] explicitly stated that taxes on income from one’s
employment are not direct taxes and are not subject to the necessity
of apportionment.”)
That Congress has the power to tax wages and salaries is also
confirmed by the Supreme Court decisions dealing with the taxation of
wages and salaries paid by state governments.
After the Brushaber decision, the Supreme Court still
followed the doctrine (established by the decision in Collector v.
Day, 78 U.S. 113 (1870)) that the federal government could not
tax the salaries of employees of the states performing “essential
governmental functions.” (Cf. Brush v. Commissioner, 300
U.S. 352.) However, in a case challenging the application of the
federal income tax to the salaries of employees of the Port of New
York Authority (a bi-state corporation formed by New York and New
Jersey), the Supreme Court clearly stated that Congress could tax the
earnings of those employees in the same manner as employees private
businesses:
“The challenged taxes laid under section 22,
Revenue Act of 1932, c. 209, 47 Stat. 169, 178, 26 U.S.C.A. 22, are
upon the net income of respondents, derived from their employment in
common occupations not shown to be different in their methods or
duties from those of similar employees in private industry. The
taxpayers enjoy the benefits and protection of the laws of the United
States. They are under a duty to support its government and are not
beyond the reach of its taxing power. A nondiscriminatory tax laid on
their net income, in common with that of all other members of the
community, could by no reasonable probability be considered to
preclude the performance of the function which New York and New
Jersey have undertaken, or to obstruct it more than like private
enterprises are obstructed by our taxing system.”
Helvering v. Gerhardt, 304 U.S. 405, 420 (1938) (emphasis
added).
The Supreme Court explicitly overruled Collector v. Day in
Graves v. New York ex rel. O’Keefe, 306 U.S. 466, 486
(1939), stating that “we perceive no basis for a difference in
result whether the taxed income be salary or some other form of
compensation, or whether the taxpayer be an employee or an officer of
either a state or the national government, or of its
instrumentalities.”
In an earlier decision, Helvering v. Powers, 293 U.S. 214
(1934), the trustees of the Boston Elevated Railway Company claimed
that their compensation by the railway was constitutionally exempt
because they were officers of the commonwealth of Massachusetts. The
court first observed that, although the “governmental
functions” of a state were immune from federal taxation, “the
state cannot withdraw sources of revenue from the federal taxing
power by engaging in businesses which constitute a departure from
usual governmental functions and to which, by reason of their nature,
the federal taxing power would normally extend.” 293 U.S. at
225. Holding that the operation of a street railway was not a
“governmental function” and could be taxed by the United
States in the same way as any other business, the Supreme Court
concluded that the compensation of the trustees could also be taxed:
“If the business itself, by reason of its
character, is not immune, although undertaken by the state, from a
federal excise tax upon its operations, upon what ground can it be
said that the compensation of those who conduct the enterprise for
the state is exempt from a federal income tax? Their compensation,
whether paid out of the returns from the business or otherwise, can
have no quality, so far as the federal taxing power is concerned,
superior to that of the enterprise in which the compensated service
is rendered. ... We conclude that the Congress had the
constitutional authority to lay the tax.”
Helvering v. Powers, 293 U.S. 214, 227 (1934) (emphasis
added).
None of these decisions would have been unnecessary if Congress
did not have the power to tax wages and salaries generally. The
decisions were necessary only because the Supreme Court already knew
that it was constitutional to tax the compensation of a private
business and so the issue was whether state employees should be
treated differently. The Supreme Court initially held that state
employees should be treated differently, but then eventually reversed
itself and concluded that the same taxes should be paid by state
employees as any other employee.
In the case of Commissioner v. Kowalski, 434 US 77 (1977),
the Supreme Court held that meal allowances paid by the state of New
Jersey to state troopers constituted income subject to tax. After
restating the principle that Congress intended to tax “all
gains except those specifically exempted,” the court stated
that:
“In the absence of a specific exemption,
therefore, respondent’s meal-allowance payments are income
within the meaning of [I.R.C. section] 61 since, like the payments
involved in Glenshaw Glass Co., the payments are ‘undeniabl[y]
accessions to wealth, clearly realized, and over which the
[respondent has] complete dominion.’”
Commissioner v. Kowalski, 434 US 77, 83 (1977).
Once again, the Supreme Court would never had reached the issue of
whether “meal allowances” were income unless the justices
had already concluded that wages, salaries, or other compensation
paid to an employee were income subject to tax.
As recently as 1991, the Supreme Court referred to arguments that
the Sixteenth Amendment did not authorize a tax on wages and
salaries, and that the federal income tax was unconstitutional, as
“surely frivolous.” Cheek v. United States, 498
U.S. 192 (1991).
In the history of the United States, not a single judge has ever
expressed an opinion suggesting that a tax on income from employment
was a “direct tax” that must be apportioned. Not one.
Never.
And even if a tax on wages might have once been considered to be a
“direct tax” that must be apportioned, the 16th Amendment
plainly states that Congress can tax incomes, and wages are a form of
income.
The lower courts have therefore had no problem in holding that an
unapportioned income tax on wages is constitutional.
“In Brushaber, the Court found the 1913 income
tax law to be constitutional. The Court also noted that in Pollock v.
Farmers’ Loan and Trust Co., 158 U.S. 601 (1895) it had
previously found the taxing of income from professions, trades,
employments or vocations to be constitutional in the form of an
excise tax. In light of the [S]ixteenth [A]mendment, however, all
taxation of income, ’from whatever source derived,’ was
found to be constitutional in Brushaber.”
Martin v. Commissioner, 756 F.2d 38, 40 (6th Cir. 1985),
aff’g. T.C. Memo. 1983-473.
“Taxpayers’ argument that compensation for
labor is not constitutionally subject to the federal income tax is
without merit. There is no constitutional impediment to levying an
income tax on compensation for a taxpayer’s labors. [Citations
omitted] Furthermore, § 61(a) of the Code defines gross income
as ‘all income from whatever source derived, including . . .
compensation for services.’ In sum, the sixteenth amendment
authorizes the imposition of a tax upon income without apportionment
among the states, and under the statute, the term ‘income’
includes the compensation a taxpayer receives in return for services
rendered. Taxpayers’ argument that wages received for services
are not taxable as income is clearly frivolous.”
Funk v. Commissioner, 687 F.2d 264, 265 (8th Cir. 1982),
affirming T.C. Memo. 1981-506.
See also, United States v. Schiff, 780 F. 2d 210 (2nd Cir.
1986); United States v. Schiff, 801 F.2d 108 (2nd Cir. 1986);
United States v. Schiff, 876 F.2d 272 (2nd Cir. 1989); United
States v. Schiff, 919 F.2d 830 (2nd Cir. 1990); Schiff v.
Commissioner, 751 F.2d 115 (2nd Cir. 1985); Schiff v.
Commissioner, 47 TCM 1706 (US Tax Court 1984); Hyslep v.
United States, 765 F.2d 1083 (11th Cir. 1985); Lovell v.
United States, 755 F.2d 517 (7th Cir. 1984); United States v.
Aitken, 755 F.2d 188 (1st Cir. 1984); Wilcox v. Commissioner,
848 F.2d 1007 (9th Cir. 1988), aff’g. T.C. Memo. 1987-225;
Carter v. Commissioner, 784 F.2d 1006, 1009 (9th Cir. 1986);
Sullivan v. United States, 788 F.2d 813 (1st Cir. 1986);
Casper v. Commissioner, 805 F.2d 902 (10th Cir. 1986); Connor
v. Commissioner, 770 F.2d 17 (2nd Cir. 1985); United States v.
Bonneau, 970 F.2d 929 (1st Cir. 1992).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
In claiming that a tax on wages or other incomes should be
considered a “capitation” and so a “direct tax,”
tax protesters frequently quote from economist Adam Smith’s “An
Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations,”
first published in 1776 and usually cited as “The Wealth of
Nations.”
“Capitation taxes, so far as they are levied
upon the lower ranks of people, are direct taxes upon the wages of
labor….”
Smith, Adam, Wealth of Nations, Book V, Part II, Article
IV.
As far as the author has been able to determine, the above
quotation has never been cited or discussed by any federal court.
And, as will be explained below, the Supreme Court has stated that
the writings of Adam Smith are not reliable evidence of the
meaning of “direct tax” as used in the Constitution.
In the first Supreme Court decision to address the question of
what was meant by “direct tax” in the Constitution,
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), one of the four opinions (that of Paterson, J.)
does quote Adam Smith in support of the conclusion that a tax on the
ownership of a carriage was not a direct tax. 3 U.S. at
180-181. However, Justice Paterson’s own view of the scope of
“direct tax” was somewhat limited, because he stated that
“Whether direct taxes, in the sense of the Constitution,
comprehend any other tax than a capitation tax, and tax on land, is a
questionable point.” 3 U.S. 177.
The next time that Adam Smith is mentioned in a Supreme Court
opinion is in a unanimous opinion written by Chief Justice Chase in
1869:
“Much diversity of opinion has always prevailed
upon the question, what are direct taxes? Attempts to answer it by
reference to the definitions of political economists have been
frequently made, but without satisfactory results. The enumeration of
the different kinds of taxes which Congress was authorized to impose
was probably made with very little reference to their speculations.
The great work of Adam Smith, the first comprehensive treatise on
political economy in the English language, had then been recently
published; but in this work, though there are passages which refer to
the characteristic difference between direct and indirect taxation,
there is nothing which affords any valuable light on the use of
the words ‘direct taxes’ in the Constitution.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75
U.S. (8 Wall.) 533, 541-542 (1869) (emphasis added).
This sentiment was followed in the second Pollock decision,
in which the majority stated:
“This court is again urged to consider this
question in the light of the theories advanced by political
economists. But Chief Justice Chase, delivering the judgment of this
court in Bank v. Fenno, 8 Wall. 533, 541, observed that the
enumeration of the different kinds of taxes that congress was
authorized to impose was probably made with very little reference to
the speculations of political economists, and that there was
nothing in the great work of Adam Smith, published shortly before the
meeting of the convention of 1787, that gave any light on the meaning
of the words ‘direct taxes’ in the constitution.”
Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust Co., 158
U.S. 601, 641-642 (1895) (emphasis added).
Neither opinion explains exactly why Adam Smith’s “direct
tax” should be different from the Constitution’s “direct
tax,” but the differences can be seen by examining the point of
view of Adam Smith expressed in his book. He begins his discussion
“Of Taxes” (Book V, Part II), with the following
statement:
“The private revenue of individuals, it has been
shown in the first book of this Inquiry, arises ultimately from three
different sources: Rent, Profit, and Wages. Every tax must finally be
paid from some one or other of those three different sorts of
revenue, or from all of them indifferently.”
Every tax is “direct” with respect to the thing (or
transaction) actually taxed, and every “direct tax” might
be considered to be “indirect” with respect to something
other than the thing actually taxed. So, for example, a sales tax is
a “direct tax” on purchases, and could be considered to
be an “indirect tax” on the income used to make the
purchase. In an economic sense, questions about the differences
between “direct” and “indirect” taxes cannot
be answered without knowing the frame of reference.
From the quotation above (and Wealth of Nations as a
whole), it is clear that Adam Smith believed that all taxes must be
paid from income. (Inheritance and estate taxes were addressed in an
appendix.) From that point of view, a tax on income would be “direct”
and any other kind of tax would be either “indirect” or
“indifferent” in how the tax applied to income. But the
authors of the Constitution had a very different idea of what they
referred to as “direct.” For example, they considered a
capitation to be “direct” in all cases, while Smith
considered a capitation to be “direct” only in the case
of laborers who had no other source of income with which to pay the
tax. It is also well established that the authors of the Constitution
considered a tax on the value of land to be a “direct tax”
even though a tax on the value of land might have little or nothing
to do with the income produced by the land. (There is a fuller
discussion above of what the authors of the
Constitution considered a “direct tax.”)
So the Supreme Court was correct to disregard the opinions of Adam
Smith and other “political economists” in determining
what is a “direct tax” within the meaning of the
Constitution.
In any event, and as noted elsewhere in this
FAQ, the question of whether a tax on wages or other incomes is a
“direct tax” became irrelevant following the ratification
of the 16th Amendment, which declares that Congress has
the power to tax incomes without apportionment.
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is
our property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
It is difficult to understand how you can claim a property right
in something you haven’t done yet. If your labor were
“property” like other property, you could sell it and
then sit back and do nothing. However, if you “sell” your
labor and are paid for it, you still have to work to earn it.
Even if the major premise is correct, and labor is a form of
property, the conclusion is still wrong because the Internal Revenue
Code does not tax labor itself, but the compensation received
for labor (i.e., the income from labor).
If you go into your back yard and work for a week taking clay and
making pots, there is no income and no tax. However, if you sell your
pots, you have income because you have taken in money, and have more
money than you had before. Similarly, if you “sell your labor”
by agreeing to work in someone else’s factory (or farm) for a
week, you have sold your labor and the compensation you receive is
taxable.
As a general proposition, it is correct that Congress cannot tax
the value of property directly (or at least not without
apportionment), but can only tax exchanges or transfers
of property. For example, the federal estate tax is clearly a tax on
the value of property, and yet it has been held to be constitutional
as an excise tax on the transfer of the property at death.
Knowlton v. Moore, 178 U. S. 41 (1900). Similarly, Congress
cannot tax the value of real property, but can tax sales or transfers
of real property. So the income tax is a tax on the receipt of
income, and the sale of labor is a transaction that allows the
constitutional imposition of a tax.
Of course, every court that has been forced to rule on this issue
has ruled against the tax protester raising it.
“Finally, the taxpayer argues that because wages
are property, a tax on them is a property tax, and because the tax
the Commissioner is attempting to collect is not apportioned, it is
unconstitutional. However, as we and innumerable other courts have
repeatedly explained, wages are income, and income taxes do not need
to be apportioned.”
Connor v. Commissioner, 770 F.2d 17, 20 (2nd Cir. 1985),
(the court not only ruled against the taxpayer, but also imposed
sanctions of $2,000 against the taxpayer).
“It is clear beyond peradventure that the income
tax on wages is constitutional.”
Stelly v. Commissioner, 761 F.2d 1113, 1115 (5th Cir.
1985), cert. den. 106 S.Ct. 149 (1985).
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts,
or Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
This argument is one of two slightly different ways of claiming
that the 16th Amendment does not mean what it says. (The
other is the argument that income cannot be
taxed by an “excise” is unless the income is from a
“privilege” or “revenue taxable activity.”)
From the very first court decisions on the Congressional power to
tax, is has been recognized that there are two different kinds of
taxes under the Constitution:
“In the matter of taxation, the Constitution
recognizes the two great classes of direct and indirect taxes, and
lays down two rules by which their imposition must be governed,
namely: The rule of apportionment as to direct taxes, and the rule of
uniformity as to duties, imposts, and excises.”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916),
quoting from Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust Co.,
157 U.S. 429,
557 (1895).
Relying on this division of taxes, the argument that an income tax
is a direct tax then becomes one of exclusion. Having failed to show
that a tax on incomes in general (or wages in particular) is a
“direct tax,” the tax protester attempts to argue that it
is not a duty, impost, or excise, and must therefore be a “direct
tax.” The circularity of these arguments were recognized by
Justice Paterson in 1796:
“In behalf
of the plaintiff in error, it has been urged, that a tax on carriages
does not come within the description of a duty, impost, or excise,
and therefore is a direct tax. It has, on the other hand, been
contended, that as a tax on carriages is not a direct tax; it must
fall within one of the classifications just enumerated, and
particularly must be a duty or excise. The argument on both sides
turns in a circle; it is not a duty, impost, or excise, and therefore
must be a direct tax; it is not tax, and therefore must be a duty or
excise.”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Paterson).
Justice Paterson went on to express some uncertainty about the
meanings of “duty” and “excise”:
“What is the
natural and common, or technical and appropriate, meaning of the
words, duty and excise, it is not easy to ascertain. They present no
clear and precise idea to the mind. Different persons will annex
different significations to the terms.”
Justice Paterson
then suggested that there might be “indirect taxes”
subject to the rule of uniformity that were not “duties,
imposts, and excises”:
“There may, perhaps, be an indirect tax on a
particular article, that cannot be comprehended within the
description of duties, or imposts, or excises; in such case it will
be comprised under the general denomination of taxes. For the term
tax is the genus, and includes,“1. Direct taxes.“2.
Duties, imposts, and excises.“3. All other classes of an
indirect kind, and not within any of the classifications enumerated
under the preceding heads.“The question occurs, how is such
tax to be laid, uniformly or apportionately? The rule of uniformity
will apply, because it is an indirect tax, and direct taxes only are
to be apportioned.”
Justice Chase
took a different view, believing that a tax that was not “direct,”
and not a duty, impost, or excise, was within the power of Congress
and would not need to be apportioned nor uniform:
“If there are any other species of taxes that
are not direct, and not included within the words duties, imposts, or
excises, they may be laid by the rule of uniformity, or not; as
Congress shall think proper and reasonable. If the framers of the
Constitution did not contemplate other taxes than direct taxes, and
duties, imposts, and excises, there is great inaccuracy in their
language. If these four species of taxes were all that were
meditated, the general power to lay taxes was unnecessary.”
Justice Chase
also considered the word “duty” to be extremely broad in
scope, being almost synonymous with the word “tax”:
“The term duty, is the most comprehensive next
to the generical term tax; and practically in Great Britain, (whence
we take our general ideas of taxes, duties, imposts, excises,
customs, etc.) embraces taxes on stamps, tolls for passage, etc. etc.
and is not confined to taxes on importation only.”
Hylton v. United States,
3 U.S. 171
(1796), (opinion of Justice Chase).
It is therefore
clear that the justices who decided the Hylton case did not
think that the words “duties, imposts, or excises” had
meanings that were sufficiently clear or definite to restrict the
power of Congress to tax. And this has been the consistent position
of the Supreme Court ever since.
Rejecting a claim
that Congress could not impose a tax on bank notes, the Supreme Court
stated:
“[T]he words direct taxes, as used in the
Constitution, comprehended only capitation taxes, and taxes on land,
and perhaps taxes on personal property by general valuation and
assessment of the various descriptions possessed with the several
States. It follows necessarily that the power to tax without
apportionment extends to all other objects. Taxes on other objects
are included under the heads of taxes not direct, duties, imposts,
and excises, and must be laid and collected by the rule of
uniformity.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75
U.S. 533, 546 (1869)
Responding to a claim that Congress could not impose a stamp tax
upon a document for the sale of corporate stock, the Supreme Court
stated:
“There is no occasion to attempt to confine the
words duties, imposts, and excises to the limits of precise
definition. We think that they were used comprehensively to cover
customs and excise duties imposed on importation, consumption,
manufacture, and sale of certain commodities, privileges, particular
business transactions, vocations, occupations, and the like.”
Thomas v. United States, 192 U.S. 363, 371 (1904).
The Supreme Court has therefore rejected the argument that
Congress is limited to those articles or activities that were taxed
as “excises” at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution:
“Doubtless there were many excises in colonial
days and later that were associated, more or less intimately, with
the enjoyment or use of property. This would not prove, even if no
others were then known, that the forms then accepted were not subject
to enlargement.”
Chas. C. Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, 301 U.S. 548, 580
(1937).
In deciding whether Congress had the power to impose Social
Security taxes as an “excise,” the Supreme Court then
rejected the idea that the label “excise” had any real
significance:
“Whether the tax is to be classified as an
‘excise’ is in truth not of critical importance. If not
that, it is an ’impost’ [citations omitted] or a ‘duty’
[citations omitted].”
Chas. C. Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, 301 U.S. 548,
581-582 (1937) (upholding the Social Security tax paid by employers
as “a duty, an impost, or an excise upon the relation of
employment”).
The lower courts have likewise rejected the idea that the word
“excise” limits the power of Congress to tax. For
example:
“Turning first to their basic contention, indeed
the one on which all the others rest, that the relation of domestic
employment does not come within Art. 1, Section 8, and is therefore
immune from the imposition of federal taxes and burdens, we find
ourselves in no doubt that appellants are neither historically nor
etymologically correct in their claim in substance that excises are
limited to taxes laid on the manufacture, sale or consumption of
commodities within the country, upon licenses to pursue certain
occupation and upon corporate privileges only. It is true that taxes
of the kind referred to are excise taxes but it is also true, as was
held in Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, that the excises which Congress
has power to impose are not limited to vocations or activities which
may be prohibited altogether or to those which are the outcome of a
franchise, but extend to vocations or activities pursued as of common
right. The term ‘excise’ is and was before and at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution a term of very wide
meaning.”
Abney v. Campbell, 206 F.2d 836, 841 (5th Cir. 1953), cert.
den. 346 U.S. 924 (1954).
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because that
would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
Assuming that, if a statement is true, the
converse of the statement must also be true.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise
of a fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
This is absolutely wrong in every way.
The idea that there may be rights or privileges that are exempt
from taxation has been rejected from the very beginnings of the
United States. In rejecting such a claim in 1830, Chief Justice
Marshall wrote:
“The power of legislation, and consequently of
taxation, operates on all the persons and property belonging to the
body politic. This is an original principle, which has its foundation
in society itself. It is granted by all, for the benefit of all. It
resides in government as a part of itself, and need not be reserved
when property of any description, or the right to use it in any
manner, is granted to individuals or corporate bodies. However
absolute the right of an individual may be, it is still in the nature
of that right, that it must bear a portion of the public burthens;
and that portion must be determined by the legislature.”
Providence Bank v. Billings, 29 U.S. 514, 563 (1830),
(emphasis added).
In upholding the power of New York to tax a bequest to the United
States, the Supreme Court observed in 1896 that:
“[T]he laws of all civilized states recognize in
every citizen the absolute right to his own earnings, and to the
enjoyment of his own property, and the increase thereof, during his
life, except so far as the state may require him to contribute his
share for public expenses....”
United States v. Perkins, 163 U.S. 625, 627 (1896).
So even rights that the Supreme Court refers to as “absolute“
may be subject to tax.
The idea that the “right to work” is somehow exempt
from tax was expressly refuted by the Supreme Court in 1937,
upholding the constitutionality of the Social Security tax paid by
employers on wages:
“But natural rights, so called, are as much
subject to taxation as rights of lesser importance. An excise is not
limited to vocations or activities that may be prohibited altogether.
It is not limited to those that are the outcome of a franchise. It
extends to vocations or activities pursued as of common right.”
Charles C. Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, 301 U.S. 548
(1937).
On the same day that the Steward Machine case was decided,
the same justices confirmed the same principle in upholding the
constitutionality of an Alabama unemployment tax:
“Taxes, which are but the means of distributing
the burden of the cost of government, are commonly levied on property
or its use, but they may likewise be laid on the exercise of personal
rights and privileges. As has been pointed out by the opinion in the
Chas. C. Steward Machine Co. Case, such levies, including taxes on
the exercise of the right to employ or to be employed, were known in
England and the Colonies before the adoption of the Constitution, and
must be taken to be embraced within the wide range of choice of
subjects of taxation....”
Carmichael v. Southern Coal & Coke Co., 301 U.S. 495,
508 (1937).
The idea that Congress is limited by “natural law” was
more recently rejected in Koar v. United States, 98-2 U.S. Tax
Cas. P50,748, 82 A.F.T.R.2d 6329 (S.D.N.Y. 1999). In dismissing a
suit for the refund of all federal income tax, social security, and
Medicare contributions withheld from the plaintiff’s wages
between 1993 and 1994, Judge Kimba Wood wrote:
“Plaintiff thus appears to argue that this Court
should look to principles of natural law, or more accurately, his
preferred principles of natural law, as opposed to the positive law
by which it is bound. That, however, is not this province of this
Court.”
Judge Wood then quoted from the opinion of Justice Iredell in
Calder v. Bull, 3 U.S. 386, 398-99 (1798) (opinion dissenting
in part):
“If, on the other hand, the Legislature of the
Union, or the Legislature of any member of the Union, shall pass a
law, within the general scope of their constitutional power, the
Court cannot pronounce it to be void, merely because it is, in their
judgment, contrary to the principles of natural justice. The ideas of
natural justice are regulated by no fixed standard: the ablest and
the purest men have differed upon the subject; and all that the Court
could properly say, in such an event, would be, that the Legislature
(possessed of an equal right of opinion) had passed an act which, in
the opinion of the judges, was inconsistent with the abstract
principles of natural justice.”
Under this principle of constitutional law, the courts cannot
refuse to enforce the federal income tax merely because one or more
judges believe that the tax is contrary to their concepts of “natural
law” or “natural rights.”
Tax Protester “Evidence”
The belief that “natural rights” cannot be taxed is
purely wishful thinking, but tax protesters sometimes cite some
misleading quotations from irrelevant cases that they think support
their position, such as:
“The right to live and own property are natural
rights for the enjoyment of which an excise can not be imposed.”
Redfield v. Fisher, 135 Or. 180, 292 P. 813 (1930), reh’g
den., 135 Or. 205, 295 P. 461 (1931).
But that is a decision of the Oregon Supreme Court, not a federal
court, and the tax in question was not even an income tax. Oregon has
an income tax, and the Oregon courts enforce it. For example:
“Taxpayer cites Redfield v. Fisher, 135 Or 180,
292 P 813 (1930) reh’g den, 135 Or 205, 295 P 461 (1931) for
the proposition that an individual, unlike a corporation, may not be
taxed for the mere privilege of existing. He then extends that
statement to encompass the act of earning a living. That extension is
erroneous. The court in Redfield knew of, and in no way questioned,
the then existing Oregon tax on the income of individuals.”
Clark v. Dept. of Revenue, TC 4604, note 3 (Or. Tax Court
10/6/2003) (sanctions of $5,000 imposed against the taxpayer for
bringing a frivolous appeal, arguing “that a citizen of Oregon
is not liable for Oregon personal income tax on wages”).
Another case often cited by tax protesters is from Arkansas:
“An income tax is neither a property tax nor a
tax on occupations of common right, but is an excise tax...The
legislature may declare as ‘privileged’ and tax as such
for state revenue, those pursuits not matters of common right, but it
has no power to declare as a ‘privilege’ and tax for
revenue purposes, occupations that are of common right.”
Sims v. Ahrens, 167 Ark. 557, 271 S.W. 720 (1925).
That decision is from the Arkansas Supreme Court, and not the
United States Supreme Court, and is about the Arkansas Constitution,
and not the United States Constitution. Even worse, the quotation is
from what turned out to be the minority opinion, so it’s
not even a correct statement of the law in Arkansas. The majority
opinion was as follows:
“My conclusion of the whole matter is that there
are two, and only two, limitations in our [state] Constitution upon
the power of the state to raise revenue for state purposes, namely
(1) that taxes on property must be ad valorem, equal and uniform; and
(2) that the Legislature cannot lay a tax for state revenue on
occupations that are of common right. A tax on incomes is neither
a property tax nor an occupation tax, and is not prohibited or
excluded by our Constitution.“
Sims v.
Ahrens, 167 Ark. 557, 271 S.W. 720 (1925) (emphasis added).
Attempting to establish that “rights” cannot be taxed,
tax protesters will also cite:
“A state may not impose a charge for the
enjoyment of a right granted by the federal constitution.”
Murdock v Pennsylvania, 319 US 105, 113 (1943).
But the court in the very next sentence declared that “Thus,
it [the state] may not exact a license tax for the privilege of
carrying on interstate commerce (citation omitted), although it may
tax the property used in, or the income derived from, that commerce,
so long as those taxes are not discriminatory.” Which means
that, regardless of whether a state can tax the “right to
work,” the state can still tax the income from the exercise of
that right. Accord, Allison McCoy v. United States, 88
AFTR2d ¶2001-5607,
2001 TNT 236-16, No. 3:00-CV-2786-M (U.S.D.C. N.D.Tex. 11/16/2001).
And the Supreme Court has repeatedly stated that nondiscriminatory
taxes can apply to newspapers and other publications protected by the
First Amendment. (“It is beyond dispute that the States and the
Federal Government can subject newspapers to generally applicable
economic regulations [including taxes] without creating
constitutional problems.” Minneapolis Star & Tribune v.
Minnesota Commissioner of Revenue, 460 U.S. 575, 581 (1983). See
also, Arkansas Writers’ Project v. Ragland, 481 U.S.
221, 228 (1987) (“a genuinely nondiscriminatory tax on the
receipts of newspapers would be constitutionally permissible”);
Grosjean v. American Press, 297 U.S. 233, 250 (1936) (“It
is not intended by anything we have said to suggest that the owners
of newspapers are immune from any of the ordinary forms of taxation
for support of the government.”). Similarly, the Supreme Court
has upheld an obligation to withhold Social Security taxes from the
wages of employees even when the withholding violates the religious
beliefs of the employer. United States v. Lee, 455 U.S. 252
(1982).
So the Supreme Court has consistently upheld the imposition of
taxes on incomes even when the incomes are derived from the exercise
of constitutional rights.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
Taking quotations out of context.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax wages or other incomes from labor.
Another example of the triumph of hope over reason, because there
is absolutely no historical evidence for such a belief.
Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution says that “The
Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts,
and Excises...” The only specific exemption is in Section 9,
which prohibits taxes on exports.
In Hylton v. United States, the three justices who wrote
opinions were unanimous in their view that the Congressional power to
tax was a general (or “plenary”) power, the only
exception being exports. Justice Chase stated that:
“The power, in the eighth section of the first
article, to lay and collect taxes, included a power to lay direct
taxes, (whether capitation, or any other) and also duties, imposes,
and excises; and every other species or kind of tax whatsoever,
and called by any other name. ... I
consider the Constitution to stand in this manner. A general power is
given to Congress, to lay and collect taxes, of
every kind or nature, without any restraint,
except only on exports...”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Chase; emphasis added).
In the same case, Justice Paterson (who was a member of the
Constitutional Convention) stated:
“It was,
however, obviously the intention of the framers of the Constitution,
that Congress should possess full
power over every
species of taxable property,
except exports. The term taxes, is generical, and was made use of to
vest in Congress plenary
authority in all
cases of taxation.”
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Paterson; emphasis added).
And, finally, Justice Iredell stated:
“The Congress possess the power of taxing all
taxable objects, without limitation, with the particular exception of
a duty on exports.
Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), (opinion of Justice Iredell; emphasis added).
In a later decision, the Supreme Court confirmed these
conclusions, stating that:
“It is true that the power of Congress to tax is
a very extensive power. It is given in the Constitution with only one
exception and only two qualifications. Congress cannot tax exports,
and it must impose direct taxes by the rule of apportionment and
indirect taxes by the rule of uniformity. Thus, limited, and thus
only, it reaches every subject, and may be exercised at
discretion.”
License Tax Cases, 72 U.S. 462, 471 (1866) (emphasis
added).
In the Federalist Papers, Hamilton had stated that the
Congressional power to tax would be “concurrent and coequal”
with the power of the states to tax (Federalist #32) and the Supreme
Court has agreed that “The subject-matter of taxation open to
the power of the Congress is as comprehensive as that open to the
power of the states....” Chas. C. Steward Machine Co. v.
Davis, 301 U.S. 548, 581 (1937). See also, Flint v. Stone
Tracy Co., 220 U.S. 107, 154 (1911). And, before and after the
adoption of the Constitution, several states imposed taxes on
professions, vocations, or employments. As explained by the Supreme
Court:
“Taxes, which are but the means of distributing
the burden of the cost of government, are commonly levied on property
or its use, but they may likewise be laid on the exercise of personal
rights and privileges. As has been pointed out by the opinion in the
Chas. C. Steward Machine Co. Case [301 U.S. 548 (1937)], such levies,
including taxes on the exercise of the right to employ or to be
employed, were known in England and the Colonies before the adoption
of the Constitution, and must be taken to be embraced within the wide
range of choice of subjects of taxation, which was an attribute of
the sovereign power of the states at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution, and which was reserved to them by that instrument. As
the present levy [imposed by Alabama on wages paid] has all the
indicia of a tax, and is of a type traditional in the history of
Anglo-American legislation, it is within state taxing power, and it
is immaterial whether it is called an excise or by another name.”
Carmichael v. Southern Coal & Coke Co., 301 U.S. 495,
508-509 (1937).
If the states had the power to tax wages, salaries, and other
incomes from employment, then the Congress of the United States had
the same power. (For other examples, see the cases cited in the
discussion of whether a tax on wages is a “direct
tax.”)
There have been a few Supreme Court decisions that have found
incomes that Congress did not have the power to tax. However, all of
those decisions arose out of considerations of federalism (i.e., the
relationship between the federal and state governments) or the
separation of powers within the federal government, and all of those
decisions were over-ruled by later decisions and are no longer good
law. For example:
In Collector v. Day, 78 U.S. 113 (1870), it was held
that Congress could not tax the salary of a state employee. That
holding was explicitly overruled by Graves v. New York ex rel.
O’Keefe, 306 U.S. 466, 486-487 (1939).
Evans v. Gore, 253 U.S. 245 (1920), held that the
compensation received by federal judges could not be subject to
income tax because Article III of the Constitution states that the
compensation of judges ‘shall not be diminished during their
Continuance in Office.’ Evans v. Gore was over-ruled by
O’Malley v. Woodrough, 307 U.S. 277 (1939).
In Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan & Trust Co., 157
U.S. 429, (1895), the Supreme Court held that interest on the
debts of state and local governments could not be taxed. That
holding was reversed in South Carolina v. Baker, 485 U.S. 505
(1988).
In Burnet v. Coronado Oil & Gas Co., 285 U.S. 393
(1932), it was held that the income from land owned by a state and
leased to a private corporation could not be taxed if the lease was
part of a “governmental function.” That holding was
reversed by Helvering v. Mountain Producers Corp., 303 U.S.
376 (1938).
So, over the years, the Supreme Court has considered the
possibility that certain types of income from government-related
activities might be constitutionally exempt from income tax, but
eventually decided that no such exemptions existed. Tax protesters
sometimes find and quote those decisions, not realizing (or not
caring) that the decisions represent relatively short-lived
experiments in inter-governmental immunities and are simply not
relevant to federal taxes on incomes unrelated to any governmental
activity.
There is not a single decision in the history of the United States
in which any judge has ever even suggested that Congress cannot tax
wages and salaries generally.
And, if the salaries of state employees can be taxed by Congress,
it is ludicrous to suggest that ordinary salaries paid by private
employers might have some kind of immunity from tax.
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because that
would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
Taking quotations out of context.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Lies and fabrications.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Congress can only tax income from the
exercise of “privileges” or the income from “revenue
taxable activities” or “taxable excise activities.”
This argument is usually based on quotations taken out of context
from unrelated court decisions. The tax protester first quotes from a
court decision that refers to the income tax as an “excise”
(usually a decision declaring that the income tax is constitutional
because it is not a “direct tax” that must be
apportioned), then quotes from a very different court decision that
refers to an “excise” as a tax on the exercise of a
“privilige” (usually an old, pre-16th Amendment decision
upholding a tax on incomes from certain activities), then quotes from
a third very different court decision that states that the freedom to
contract for employment is a right and not a “privilege”
(usually a labor law case) and then mashes (or “chains”)
the three unrelated decisions together to form the conclusion that an
income tax can only be imposed on income from the exercise of a
“privilege” that can be granted or denied by the
government, but that an income tax cannot be
imposed on income earned through the exercise of a fundamental right,
such as through a contract for employment.
This argument was squarely rejected by the Supreme Court in
Charles C. Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, 301 U.S. 548 (1937):
“But natural rights, so called, are as much
subject to taxation as rights of lesser importance. An excise is not
limited to vocations or activities that may be prohibited altogether.
It is not limited to those that are the outcome of a franchise. It
extends to vocations or activities pursued as of common right.”
301 U.S. at 580-1 (footnote omitted).
The argument that Congress can only tax “privileges”
is also contradicted by the Supreme Court decisions that have held
that the income tax applies to income from embezzlement and other
illegal activities. See, for example, James v. United States,
366 U.S. 213 (1961). An activity is certainly not “privileged”
if it is illegal.
And the courts have uniformly rejected the argument that the
income tax must be based on a “privilege” or a “revenue
taxable activity”:
“Turning first to their basic contention, indeed
the one on which all the others rest, that the relation of domestic
employment does not come within Art. 1, Section 8, and is therefore
immune from the imposition of federal taxes and burdens, we find
ourselves in no doubt that appellants are neither historically nor
etymologically correct in their claim in substance that excises are
limited to taxes laid on the manufacture, sale or consumption of
commodities within the country, upon licenses to pursue certain
occupation and upon corporate privileges only. It is true that taxes
of the kind referred to are excise taxes but it is also true, as was
held in Steward Machine Co. v. Davis, that the excises which Congress
has power to impose are not limited to vocations or activities which
may be prohibited altogether or to those which are the outcome of a
franchise, but extend to vocations or activities pursued as of common
right. The term ‘excise’ is and was before and at the
time of the adoption of the Constitution a term of very wide
meaning.”
Abney v. Campbell, 206 F.2d 836, 841 (5th Cir. 1953), cert.
den. 346 U.S. 924 (1954).
“[Hamzik] contends only that he does not have a
tax liability and subsequent deficiency because all federal income
taxes are ‘indirect taxes’ and the Commissioner has not
produced the statutes defining the ‘revenue taxable activity’
that would make Hamzik subject to or liable for any tax under Title
26. The tax court properly rejected Hamzik’s arguments as
frivolous.”
Hamzik v. Commissioner, 25 Fed. Appx. 911, KTC 2001-589
(9th Cir. 2001), (affirming the decision of the Tax Court and
imposing sanctions of $250 for bringing a frivolous appeal).
“Furthermore, Olson’s attempt to escape
tax by deducting his wages as ‘cost of labor’ and by
claiming that he had obtained no privilege from a governmental agency
illustrate the frivolous nature of his position. This court has
repeatedly rejected the argument that wages are not income as
frivolous, [citations omitted] and has also rejected the idea that a
person is liable for tax only if he benefits from a governmental
privilege.”
Olson v. United States, 760 F.2d 1003, 1005 (9th Cir.
1985).
“All individuals, freeborn and nonfreeborn,
natural and unnatural alike, must pay federal income tax on their
wages, regardless of whether they have requested, obtained or
exercised any privilege from the federal government.
United States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d 499, 501 (7th Cir. 1991),
cert. den. 112 S.Ct. 940 (1992).
“Plaintiff appears to argue that according to
the Sixteenth Amendment, federal income tax is not a direct tax on
wages or salaries of individuals, but that it is an excise tax on the
privilege of engaging in some privileged or regulated activity.
Therefore, according to plaintiff, this ‘indirect excise tax’
can only be imposed on the income of corporations and the dividend
income of stockholders. Despite plaintiff’s many case citations
allegedly supporting his argument, the Sixteenth Amendment, valid as
described above, clearly authorizes Congress to levy a direct income
tax upon individuals who are United States citizens. In addition, as
described above, plaintiff’s wages and gambling earnings are
clearly within the I.R.C.’s definition of ‘income,’
and are properly subject to taxation.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 294-296 (1998)
“The IRS is not required to show that the
Debtor’s income is derived from a ‘revenue taxable
activity.’”
In re: Michael Fleming, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5138; No.
97-6342-8G3 (U.S.Bank.Ct. M.D.Fl. 8/9/2000).
“[Peth] argues that he is not a “person
liable” to pay taxes under 26 U.S.C. § 6001. The argument
is this: the tax imposed by Title 26, according to plaintiff, is “not
unapportioned direct tax,” because any such tax ‘would be
in conflict with the apportionment restriction of direct taxes
contained in [Article I of the Constitution].’ Moreover, he
finds that there are no apportioned taxes imposed by Title 26. Thus,
any tax under Title 26 must be an indirect tax, that is, a tax upon
some right, privilege, or corporate franchise. Plaintiff says he is
not a privileged person, nor has he taken any corporate franchise.
Therefore, so the argument goes, Title 26 has no application to him.
The argument has no merit.”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 53 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
“[P]etitioner argues that the income tax is an
excise tax and that petitioner did not engage in any taxable excise
activities during 1996, 1997, and 1998. The contentions made by
petitioner in his petition and on brief are appropriately termed ‘tax
protester rhetoric and legalistic gibberish’, and we shall not
dignify such arguments with any further discussion.”
Heisey v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2001-41 (tax
deficiencies affirmed, along with penalties for failure to file and
failure to pay estimated taxes, and an additional penalty of $2,000
was imposed for filing a frivolous petition), aff’d 2003 TNT
66-47, No. 02-72675 (9th Cir. 3/20/2003), ($1,500 penalty imposed for
filing a frivolous appeal).
“Petitioner argues that the income tax is an
excise tax and that he did not engage in excise taxable activities in
1996. [Note 3: “Petitioner testified: ‘The income tax is
an excise tax. Congress, who sets the laws, even says so in the
Congressional Record. The income tax is therefore not a tax on
income.’”] We shall not painstakingly address
petitioner’s assertions ‘with somber reasoning and
copious citation of precedent; to do so might suggest that these
arguments have some colorable merit.’ [Citation omitted.]
Accordingly, we sustain respondent’s deficiency determination.”
Sawukaytis v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-156 (sanctions
of $12,500 imposed), aff’d 102 F.App’x 29, 2004-1 USTC
¶50,283, KTC 2004-186, Docket No. 02-2431 (6th Cir. 6/16/2004),
(additional sanctions of $4,000 imposed for filing a frivolous
appeal; the original tax in controversy was $13,976, plus a failure
to file penalty of $726, so the total of the sanctions imposed by the
Tax Court and Circuit Court exceeded the original amount in
controversy), rehearing den. 8/6/2004, cert. den. No. 04-587
(12/6/2004).
In Pabon v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1994-476, the
petitioner alleged, among other things, that he “is not an
employee of the Federal or state governments, is not engaged in a
revenue taxable activity of alcohol, tobacco or firearms and
therefore not subject to any exise [sic] tax....” The court
concluded that the petition “is nothing but tax protester
rhetoric and legalistic gibberish....” Pabon v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1994-476.
See also, Parker v. Commissioner, 724 F.2d 469, 84-1 US Tax
Cas ¶9209 (5th Cir.), aff’ng T.C. Memo 1983-75 (the
Sixteenth Amendment empowered Congress to levy income tax against any
source of income, without any need to classify it as excise tax
applicable to specific categories of activities); Bell Consumers,
Inc. v. Lay, 203 F. Supp. 2d 1202, 1208 (W.D. Wash. 2002)
(allegation that “the sections of the Internal Revenue Code
governing assessments, liens and levies apply only to excise tax upon
unmanufactured cotton and distilled spirits and other special
(occupational) tax” was “frivolous and without merit”).
The claim that “[o]nly certain types of income are taxable,
for example, income that results from the sale of alcohol, tobacco,
or firearms or from transactions or activities that take place in
interstate commerce” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
To try to support their nonsense, tax protesters frequently try to
rely on the following quotation:
“The income tax is, therefore, not a tax on
income as such. It is an excise tax with respect to certain
activities and privileges which is measured by reference to the
income which they produce. The income is not the subject of the tax:
it is the basis for determining the amount of the tax.”
Congressional Record of 3/27/1943, page 2580.
Although this language appears in the Congressional Record, it is
not a quotation from any Senator or Representative, but from a paper
written by a lawyer named F. Morse Hubbard, who was formerly an
employee of the Treasury Department. It is not clear whether any
Senator or Representative agreed with Hubbard, or relied on his
opinion.
Hubbard’s opinion in 1943 (30 years after the ratification
of the 16th Amendment and the enactment of the first
income tax under that amendment) about the nature of the income tax
is flatly contradicted by a statement in 1913 by one of original
authors of the income tax:
“Under the proposed measure income is both the
subject and the measure of the tax.”
Representative Cordell Hull, Cong. Rec. (8/5/1913) (reprinted in
Foster’s Income Tax.)
Cordell Hull (1871-1955) was a recognized expert in tax,
commercial, and fiscal policies, and would have known what he was
talking about. He served in Congress from 1907 to 1931 and served on
the House Ways and Means Committee for eighteen years, where he was
one of the principal authors of the income tax provisions of the 1913
Tariff Act, along with the Revised Act of 1916, and the federal
estate tax that was enacted in 1916. (He was also elected as a U.S.
Senator in 1931, but resigned in 1933 when President Franklin D.
Roosevelt appointed him to serve as Secretary of State, a position he
held for 12 years, which is the longest term in U.S. History.)
That Hubbard was wrong in his 1943 opinion is clear from the
following footnote to the paragraph quoted above:
“If the tax should be construed as a tax on
income as a specific fund the disappearance of the fund before the
date of assessment would prevent the collection of the tax. (See
Foster and Abbott, op. cit., p. 85.)”
Memorandum, note 4.
Hubbard seems to have been laboring under the misconception that,
if Congress imposed a tax “on” income, and if the
taxpayer spent the income before Congress could collect the tax, then
Congress would be unable to collect the tax at all. But that is
nonsense. As noted elsewhere, it is perfectly
clear that the taxpayer who earns the income is personally liable for
the tax, and I.R.C. section 6321 even imposes a lien for the amount
of any tax that is assessed and unpaid on all of the property
of the taxpayer, not just the income itself. So Hubbard’s
semantic hair-splitting was completely unnecessary.
Hubbard also clearly believed that a tax measured by income would
be an “income tax,” stating (for example) that the
Corporate Tax Act of 1909 “was really an income tax.” But
the Supreme Court flatly disagreed:
“As repeatedly pointed out by this court, the
corporation tax law of 1909 ... imposed an excise or privilege tax,
and not in any sense a tax upon property or upon income merely as
income.”
U.S. v. Whitridge, 231 U.S. 144, 147 (1913).
“As has been repeatedly remarked, the
corporation tax act of 1909 was not intended to be and is not, in any
proper sense, an income tax law.”
Stratton’s Independence Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S.
399, 414 (1913).
“As has been repeatedly pointed out by this
court in previous cases [citations omitted] the act of 1909 was not
in any proper sense an income tax law, nor intended as such, but was
an excise upon the conduct of business in a corporate capacity, the
tax being measured by reference to the income in a manner prescribed
by the act itself.”
Anderson v. Forty-Two Broadway Co., 239 U.S. 69, (1915).
So Hubbard was wrong about the Corporate Tax Act of 1909 being an
“income tax.” What about the idea that the income taxes
enacted following the ratification of the 16th Amendment
are not taxes “on” income but taxes on “certain
activities and privileges”? The Internal Revenue Code does not
identify any “activity or privilege” being taxed other
than the receipt of the income itself. And the Supreme Court has
confirmed that it is the realization (or receipt) of income that
creates a tax liability:
“From the beginning the revenue laws have been
interpreted as defining ‘realization’ of income as the
taxable event rather than the acquisition of the right to receive
it.”
Helvering v. Horst, 311 U.S. 112, 115 (1940).
To summarize, Hubbard’s characterization of the income tax
is based on a faulty premise, is contradicted by one of the authors
of the first income tax, and is inconsistent with the opinions of the
Supreme Court. There is no getting around the fact that Hubbard was
simply wrong.
Tax protesters also frequently rely on the following quote:
“Realizing and receiving income or earnings is
not a privilege that can be taxed.”
Jack Cole Company v. MacFarland,
206 Tenn. 694, 337 S.W.2d 453 (1960).
However, that is not a federal court opinion, but a decision of
the Tennessee Supreme Court interpreting the word “privileges”
as used in the Tennessee Constitution. The Tennessee Constitution
does not give its legislature a general power to impose taxes, but
allows for taxes on the value of property (“ad valorem”
taxes) and the following additional taxes:
“The Legislature shall have power to tax
merchants, peddlers, and privileges, in such manner as they may from
time to time direct, and the Legislature may levy a gross receipts
tax on merchants and businesses in lieu of ad valorem taxes on the
inventories of merchandise held by such merchants and businesses for
sale or exchange. … The Legislature shall have power to levy a
tax upon incomes derived from stocks and bonds that are not taxed ad
valorem.”
Tennessee Constitution, Article II, Section 28.
In ruling that a general income tax was outside of the power of
the legislature, the Tennessee Supreme Court applied a narrow meaning
to the word “privileges” as used in its Constitution, but
that opinion has nothing to do with the scope of the 16th
Amendment, which refers to taxes on “incomes” without any
mention of “privileges.”
Related topics:
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts,
or Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that
must be apportioned.
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Congress can only tax income
arising out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as
alcohol, tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
Like the claim that Congress can only tax residents of the
District of Columbia and other “federal areas,” this
claim is based on the mistaken belief that the Congressional power of
taxation is somehow limited by the other powers granted to Congress,
so that Congress can only tax what it can regulate, which is
nonsense.
The argument that Congress cannot tax something that it cannot
regulate was expressly raised (and rejected) in 1866 in the License
Tax Cases, 72 U.S. 462, 5 Wall. 462 (1866). In that case, the
Supreme Court was asked to consider the validity of a “special
tax” imposed by Congress in the form of a fee for a “license”
to sell lottery tickets and liquor, activities that were already
illegal in several states. In describing the the extensive power of
taxation given to Congress by the Constitution, the Supreme Court
stated:
“It is true that the power of Congress to tax is
a very extensive power. It is given in the Constitution with only one
exception and only two qualifications. Congress cannot tax exports,
and it must impose direct taxes by the rule of apportionment and
indirect taxes by the rule of uniformity. Thus, limited, and thus
only, it reaches every subject, and may be exercised at discretion.”
License Tax Cases, 72 U.S. 462, 471 (1866).
The court agreed that Congress could not prohibit or regulate the
activities that were being taxed, and also agreed that the “license”
granted by the payment of the federal tax did not authorize anyone to
do anything that was prohibited by state law, concluding that
Congress could nevertheless impose a tax on activities that were
regulated or prohibited by the states:
“[T]he recognition by the acts of Congress of
the power and right of the States to tax, control, or regulate any
business carried on within its limits, is entirely consistent with an
intention on the part of Congress to tax such business for National
purposes.”
License Tax Cases, 72 U.S. 462, 475 (1866).
So it is quite clear that Congress can tax activities regardless
of whether it can regulate them.
As far as taxes on alcohol, tobacco, and firearms are concerned,
there is nothing in the Constitution that gives
Congress any power to regulate or restrict the manufacture or sale of
those items. In fact, the 18th Amendment (the Prohibition amendment)
was proposed and ratified because it was believed that Congress could
not by statute prohibit the manufacture or sale of alcohol within the
states. (Decisions expanding the scope of Congressional power under
the interstate commerce clause would probably allow Congress to
regulate alcohol today, but that’s a different story.) The
argument that Congress can tax alcohol because it can regulate it
seems to flow backwards from the tax protesters’ understanding
that taxes on alcohol have existed since Colonial days, and a tax on
distilled spirits was one of the first taxes enacted by Congress.
(Although it was not without its critics. Consider the Whiskey
Rebellion of 1794.) Tax protesters therefore assume that, since
Congress can tax it, Congress has the power to regulate it, which is
completely wrong. Congress can tax anything (except exports),
but its powers of regulation are limited to those matters listed in
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution (the most important of which
is interstate commerce and things affecting interstate commerce).
And so the paradox is that, in order to claim that Congress does
not have a power it clearly has (the power to tax incomes), tax
protesters concede to Congress powers which it does not have
(the powers to regulate alcohol, tobacco, and firearms outside of a
regulation of interstate commerce).
And so the courts have uniformly rejected the argument that the
income tax is limited to alcohol, tobacco, firearms, or interstate
commerce:
“Plaintiff appears to argue that according to
the Sixteenth Amendment, federal income tax is not a direct tax on
wages or salaries of individuals, but that it is an excise tax on the
privilege of engaging in some privileged or regulated activity.
Therefore, according to plaintiff, this ‘indirect excise tax’
can only be imposed on the income of corporations and the dividend
income of stockholders. Despite plaintiff’ many case citations
allegedly supporting his argument, the Sixteenth Amendment, valid as
described above, clearly authorizes Congress to levy a direct income
tax upon individuals who are United States citizens. In addition, as
described above, plaintiff’ wages and gambling earnings are
clearly within the I.R.C.’ definition of ‘income,’
and are properly subject to taxation.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 294-296 (1998).
In Pabon v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1994-476, the
petitioner alleged, among other things, that he “is not an
employee of the Federal or state governments, is not engaged in a
revenue taxable activity of alcohol, tobacco or firearms and
therefore not subject to any exise [sic] tax....” The court
concluded that the petition “is nothing but tax protester
rhetoric and legalistic gibberish....”
In Brian G. Takaba v. Commissioner, 119 T.C. 285, 2002 TNT
242-11 (12/16/2002), the attorney for the taxpayer stated to the
court that “the Internal Revenue Code does not reach intrastate
income” and “I can’t find a constitutional power of
Congress to tax that [intrastate] income.” The court imposed
sanctions of $10,500 on the attorney, finding that the arguments were
“frivolous,” that the attorney “knew those
arguments were frivolous but, in order to gain a tactical advantage,
did not disclaim them,” and that the attorney “knowingly
maintained petitioner’s frivolous arguments, and that
constitutes bad faith.”
The claim that “[o]nly certain types of income are taxable,
for example, income that results from the sale of alcohol, tobacco,
or firearms or from transactions or activities that take place in
interstate commerce” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
In attempting to claim that Congress cannot tax that which it
cannot regulate, tax protesters often take quotations taken out of
context from cases in which the Supreme Court has struck down a tax
because it was quite clear that the “tax” was not meant
to generate revenue, but to punish some behavior that Congress did
not like and had no power to regulate directly. From this, the tax
protester leaps to the conclusion that Congress can only impose taxes
on activities that it can regulate, which is completely wrong.
For example, tax protesters frequently cite the decision of the
Supreme Court in Bailey v. Drexel Furniture Co., 259 U.S. 20
(1922), but that case was very unusual and is no longer good law. The
Supreme Court held that the “tax” in question was not a
really a tax at all, but a penalty that was enacted in order to try
to regulate something that the Supreme Court had held Congress could
not regulate (child labor) in Hammer v. Dagenhart, 247
U.S. 251 (1918). However, the Supreme Court later reversed
itself, specifically overruling the Dagenhart decision in U.S.
v. Darby, 312
U.S. 100 (1941), which upheld the constitutionality of the Fair
Labor Standards Act. So the Drexel Furniture decision rested
on a since-discredited limitation on the Congressional power to
regulate interstate commerce.
The Drexel Furniture decision also rested on an
overly-restrictive view of the Congressional power to tax. In the
years since that decision, the Supreme Court has been very reluctant
to strike down any tax as “regulatory.” For example:
“Every tax is in some measure regulatory. To
some extent it interposes an economic impediment to the activity
taxed as compared with others not taxed. But a tax is not any the
less a tax because it has a regulatory effect, [Citations omitted]
and it has long been established that an Act of Congress which on its
face purports to be an exercise of the taxing power is not any the
less so because the tax is burdensome or tends to restrict or
suppress the thing taxed.”
Sonzinsky v. United States, 300 U.S. 506 (1937), (affirming
constitutionality of tax on intrastate firearm sales.). See also,
U.S. v. Sanchez, 340 U.S. 42 (1950) (taxing intrastate
marijuana transactions); U.S. v. Kahriger, 345 U.S. 22 (1953)
(taxing intrastate wagering).
Another case that tax protesters sometimes cite is William E.
Peck & Co. v. Lowe, 247 U.S. 165, 173 (1918), which contains
a “dictum” (Latin for “word”) that tax
protesters find significant. The issue before the court was whether
the clause in the Constitution prohibiting any tax on exports from
any state (Article I, section 9, clause 5) also prohibited a tax on
income earned from exports. In framing that issue, the court wrote:
“The Constitution broadly empowers Congress not
only ‘to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,’
but also ‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations.’ So,
if the prohibitory clause invoked by the plaintiff be not in the way,
Congress undoubtedly has power to lay and collect such a tax as is
here in question.”
William E. Peck & Co. v. Lowe, 247 U.S. 165, 173
(1918).
Many tax protesters believe that the words “but also ‘to
regulate commerce with foreign nations’” imply that
Congress cannot tax what it cannot regulate, but if the court thought
that then the court was silently over-ruling the License Tax
Cases, 72 U.S. 462 (1866), which (as explained above)
specifically held that Congress can tax activities that
it cannot regulate.
Exactly why the court included those words in the opinion is not
clear, because the opinion never says anything else about the power
to regulate foreign commerce, and the words seem to be completely
irrelevant to the issue before the court. However, regardless of why
the words appear in the opinion, no court has ever held that Congress
cannot tax income from activities that Congress has no power to
regulate.
Related topics:
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts,
or Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that
must be apportioned.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax cannot apply to
individual citizens because Congress has power only over states and
not over individual citizens.
Some tax protesters go so far as to claim that the federal
government has no power whatsoever over individual citizens, and can
operate only through the state governments, so all “direct
taxes” must be apportioned among the states and collected from
the states, and not from individual citizens. This claim is
ridiculous because it is completely inconsistent with the plain
language and intent of the Constitution.
Under the Articles of Confederation that were in effect among the
original thirteen states from independence through the ratification
of the Constitution in 1790, Congress did indeed have no power to
enact laws affected individuals, but only to requisition money from
the states and conduct foreign affairs. And it didn’t work. The
whole purpose of the Constitution was to create a national government
with national powers, as has been recognized by the Supreme Court on
several occasions:
“The General Government, administered by the
Congress of the Confederation, had been reduced to the verge of
impotency by the necessity of relying for revenue upon requisitions
on the States, and it was a leading object in the adoption of the
Constitution to relieve the government, to be organized under it,
from this necessity, and confer upon it ample power to provide
revenue by the taxation of persons and property.”
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 75
U.S. 533, 540 (1869).
“Both the States and the United States existed
before the Constitution. The people, through that instrument,
established a more perfect union, by substituting a National
government, acting with ample powers directly upon the citizens,
instead of the Confederate government, which acted with powers
greatly restricted, only upon the States.”
Lane County v. Oregon, 74 U.S. 71, 76 (1869) (emphasis
added).
“In the end, the [Constitutional] Convention
opted for a Constitution in which Congress would exercise its
legislative authority directly over individuals, rather than over
States.... The Framers explicitly chose a Constitution that confers
upon Congress the power to regulate individuals, not States.”
New York v. United States, 505 U. S. 144, 165-166 (1992).
“[T]he Framers rejected the concept of a central
government that would act upon and through the States, and instead
designed a system in which the state and federal governments would
exercise concurrent authority over the people--who were, in
Hamilton’ words, ‘the only proper objects of
government.’”
Printz v. United States, 521 U.S. 898 (1997).
The Supreme Court has therefore upheld the imposition of taxes
against individuals on several occasions.
In Hylton v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796), the Supreme Court was unanimous in its opinion
that Congress could impose a tax on a citizen of Virginia for
carriages held for personal use. Of the four justices who heard the
case, two (William Paterson and James Wilson) were members of the
Constitutional Convention that drafted the Constitution, and
presumably knew what it meant.
Since the Hylton decision, no judge in the history of the
United States has ever suggested that the federal government cannot
impose a tax on individual citizens. In 1830, Chief Justice Marshall
wrote:
“The power of legislation, and consequently of
taxation, operates on all the persons and property belonging to the
body politic.”
Providence Bank v. Billings, 29 U.S. 514, 563 (1830).
In Springer v. United States, 102 U.S. 586 (1880), the
Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of an income tax against
an individual, William H. Springer, finding that the income tax was a
constitutional “duty or excise.”
In Tyee Realty Co. v. Anderson, 240 U.S. 115, 117 (1916),
one of the appellants was an individual named Edwin Thorne, and he
complained about the constitutionality of “a progressive tax on
the income of individuals.” The Supreme Court denied the appeal
saying that “we need not now enter into an original
consideration of the merits of these contentions because each and all
of them were considered and adversely disposed of in Brushaber v.
Union P. R. Co., 240 U.S. 1, 60 L.Ed. __, 36 Sup. Ct. Rep. 236.”
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because that
would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of
the income is first determined.
This argument turns the 16th Amendment on its head, making the
determination of sources of income a requirement instead of an
irrelevancy, and also twists and distorts the meaning of “whatever
source” in the 16th Amendment.
The 16th Amendment was proposed and ratified in order to eliminate
the distinction between income from property and other kinds of
income (including income from labor) that had been created by the
decisions in Pollock v. Farmers’ Loan and Trust Co., 157
U.S. 429 (1894), on rehearing, 158
U.S. 601 (1895). As the Supreme Court noted in the Brushaber
decision:
“[T]he command of the Amendment [is] that all
income taxes shall not be subject to apportionment by a consideration
of the sources from which the taxed income may be derived....”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
Demanding that the source of the income be identified before the
income can be taxed is therefore contrary to the whole purpose of the
16th Amendment.
And, although the issue before the court was statutory, and not
constitutional, it is still noteworthy that, according to the Supreme
Court:
“Congress applied no limitations as to the
source of taxable receipts, nor restrictive labels as to their
nature. And the Court has given a liberal construction to this broad
phraseology in recognition of the intention of Congress to tax all
gains except those specifically exempted.”
Commissioner
v. Glenshaw Glass Co., 348 U.S. 426, 430-431 (1955).
The argument that the Constitution requires that all taxable
income have a “source” also ignores the word “whatever”
in the phrase “from whatever source derived” which
appears in both the 16th Amendment and section 61 of the Internal
Revenue Code. The word “whatever” means “of any
number or kind,” or “of any kind at all.” If income
can be taxed from “any kind of” source, then there is no
need to identify the source before taxing the income.
Only a few court decisions have been found that mention this exact
argument:
“According to Buras, income must be derived from
some source. ... [T]he Sixteenth Amendment is broad enough to grant
Congress the power to collect an income tax regardless of the source
of the taxpayer’ income.”
United States v. Buras, 633 F.2d 1356, 1361 (9th Cir.
1980).
“[Condo] asserts that the sixteenth amendment
only allows taxing income from ‘sources’ (entities and
monopolies created by law), not persons. The sixteenth amendment
authorization, however, is for a tax on income from whatever source
derived.”
United States v. Condo, 741 F2d 238, 239 (9th Cir. 1984),
cert. denied, 469 U.S. 1164 (1985).
“[A]ppellant suggests that before an ‘item’
of income may be considered, the particular ‘source’ of
the ‘item’ must be identified. ... He is wrong. By the
terms of both the Sixteenth Amendment and section 61(a), ‘source’
is not to be a limitation on taxable income. Rather, income is to be
taxed regardless of its source.”
Angstadt v. Internal Revenue Service, 84 AFTR2d 99-5455,
1999 WL 820866, at 2 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Pa. 1999).
Consistent with the foregoing, it is well established that the
Internal Revenue Service can assess an income tax deficiency against
a taxpayer on the basis of an increase in net worth, the increase in
net worth being evidence of income received by the taxpayer. In many
cases it may be impossible for the IRS to ascertain the source of the
unreported income, but the determination of the source is not always
necessary. When the IRS uses the net worth method to determine
whether a taxpayer has underreported income, the IRS must either (1)
establish a likely source of unreported taxable income or (2) conduct
a reasonable investigation of leads negating possible sources of
nontaxable income. United States v. Massei, 355 U.S. 595
(1958); Mazoli v. Commissioner, 904 F.2d 101 (1st Cir. 1990),
aff’g T.C. Memo 1989-94 and T.C. Memo. 1988-299; DiLeo
v. Commissioner, 959 F.2d 16 (2d Cir. 1992), aff’g
96 T.C. 858 (1991); Goe v. Commissioner, 198 F.2d 851 (3rd
Cir. 1952), cert. den. 344 U.S. 897 (1952); Armes v.
Commissioner, 448 F.2d 972 (5th Cir. 1971), aff’g in
part and rev’g in part T.C. Memo. 1969-181; Smith v.
Commissioner, 91 T.C. 1049 (1988) aff’d 926 F.2d
1470 (6th Cir. 1991); Kramer v. Commissioner, 389 F.2d 236
(7th Cir. 1968), aff’g T.C. Memo. 1966-234. It has
therefore been held that deposits in a taxpayer’ bank account
are prima facie evidence of income, and the taxpayer bears the burden
of showing that the deposits were not income subject to tax. See
Calhoun v. United States, 591 F.2d 1243, 1245 (9th Cir. 1978);
and Welch v. Commissioner, 204 F.3d 1228, 2000 U.S. App. LEXIS
2961, 2000-1 U.S. Tax Cas. ¶50,258,
85 AFTR2d ¶2000-497
(9th Cir. 3/1/2000), aff’g T.C. Memo 1998-121.
Related topics:
Wages paid within the United States are
not a “source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because it
does not expressly repeal any provision of Article I of the
Constitution.
There is nothing in the Constitution that says that an amendment
must specifically repeal another provision of the Constitution. In
fact, there are 27 amendments to the Constitution, and only one of
them specifically repeals an earlier provision. (The 21st Amendment,
which ended Prohibition, specifically repeals the 18th Amendment,
which started Prohibition.)
If this argument were correct, then the losing presidential
candidate would be the vice-president of the United States, because
the 12th Amendment did not expressly repeal Article II, Section 1,
clause 3 of the Constitution. And Senators would still be selected by
state legislatures, because the 17th Amendment did not expressly
repeal any part of Article I, section 3, of the Constitution.
No court decision has been found that specifically addresses this
particular piece of nonsense.
Related topics:
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new
power to tax.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new
power to tax.
This statement is taken from language in the opinions of the
United States Supreme Court in the Brushaber and Stanton
cases and, unlike most other tax protester nonsense, it is actually
true. The problem is not that the statement is false, but that it
doesn’t mean what tax protesters think it means and it doesn’t
lead to the conclusion that tax protesters want to reach.
Tax protesters believe that, before the adoption of the 16th
Amendment, a tax on incomes was unconstitutional and therefore
outside the power of Congress. This is not correct because, as
explained above, it was clear even before the 16th Amendment that
Congress could tax wages and earnings from employment, as well as
income from business operations. By incorrectly asserting that a tax
on incomes was unconstitutional before the 16th Amendment, and then
asserting that the 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power to tax,
tax protesters reach the incorrect conclusion that a tax on incomes
must be unconstitutional even after the adoption of the 16th
Amendment, which is ridiculous.
It is ridiculous because it would mean that the 16th Amendment
does not mean what it says. The amendment plainly states that “The
Congress shall have the power to tax incomes” and tax
protesters nevertheless try to claim that Congress does not
have the power to tax incomes.
It is also ridiculous because it would mean that Congress proposed
a constitutional amendment, and the states ratified a constitutional
amendment, that changed nothing and has no meaning.
To understand the statement of the Supreme Court when it said that
the 16th Amendment created “no new power,” you have to
understand the context in which the statement was made. One of the
claims made by the taxpayer in the Brushaber case was that the
16th Amendment was “repugnant to the constitution”
because it created a form of tax that was neither apportioned (as
required for “direct” taxes by Article I, Section 9) nor
uniform (as required for “excises” by Article I, Section
8, Clause 1). The court referred to the conclusion “that the
16th Amendment provides for a hitherto unknown power of taxation;
that is, a power to levy an income tax which, although direct, should
not be subject to the regulation of apportionment applicable to all
other direct taxes,” as an “erroneous assumption.”
“[T]he contention that the Amendment treats a
tax on income as a direct tax although it is relieved from
apportionment and is necessarily therefore not subject to the rule of
uniformity as such rule only applies to taxes which are not direct,
thus destroying the two great classifications which have been
recognized and enforced from the beginning, is also wholly without
foundation since the command of the Amendment that all income taxes
shall not be subject to apportionment by a consideration of the
sources from which the taxed income may be derived forbids the
application to such taxes of the rule applied in the Pollock Case by
which alone such taxes were removed from the great class of excises,
duties, and imposts subject to the rule of uniformity, and were
placed under the other or direct class.”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916).
This statement was confirmed and explained by the Supreme Court in
Stanton v. Baltic Mining Co., 240 U.S. 103 (1916), in which
the court stated that “by the previous ruling [in Brushaber] it
was settled that the provisions of the 16th Amendment conferred no
new power of taxation, but simply prohibited the previous complete
and plenary power of income taxation possessed by Congress from the
beginning from being taken out of the category of INDIRECT taxation
to which it inherently belonged, and being placed in the category of
direct taxation....”
Therefore, the power to tax incomes without apportionment is not a
new kind of power, but just a different classification of the
“previous complete and plenary power of income taxation,”
taking it out of the category of direct taxation and placing
it back in the category of indirect taxation “to which
it inherently belonged.” By saying that the 16th Amendment
created “no new power,” tax protesters completely
disregard the rest of what the Supreme Court said in the same
sentence.
Similarly:
“The Sixteenth Amendment declares that Congress
shall have power to levy and collect taxes on income, ‘from
whatever source derived’ without apportionment among the
several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration. It
was not the purpose or the effect of that amendment to bring any new
subject within the taxing power. Congress already had the power to
tax all incomes. But taxes on incomes from some sources had been held
to be ‘direct taxes’ within the meaning of the
constitutional requirement as to apportionment. [cites omitted] The
Amendment relieved from that requirement and obliterated the
distinction in that respect between taxes on income that are direct
taxes and those that are not, and so put on the same basis all
incomes ‘from whatever source derived.’”
Bowers, Collector v. Kerbaugh-Empire Co., 271
U.S. 170, 173-174 (1926).
The Supreme Court has never stated that the 16th
Amendment gave Congress “no new power” without also
affirming that Congress already had the power to tax incomes
even before the 16th Amendment.
(As noted above, some circuit courts
refer to the income tax as a “direct non-apportioned tax”
despite the explanations in the Brushaber and Stanton
decisions. Regardless of the confusion in terminology, the courts are
unanimous that the income tax is constitutional under the 16th
Amendment.)
The claim that “[t]he Sixteenth Amendment was not ratified,
has no effect, contradicts the Constitution as originally ratified,
lacks an enabling clause, or does not authorize a non-apportioned,
direct income tax” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The federal income tax is unconstitutional
because it is a “direct tax” that must be apportioned
among the states in accordance with the census.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
Taking quotations out of context.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
Although the Constitution describes how to ratify amendments, it
doesn’t say who is supposed to keep track of the ratification
process and let us know when the required three-fourths of the states
have ratified an amendment. After some confusion about the status of
some amendments (including the infamous “Titles of Nobility”
amendment that fell at least one state short of ratification, but
appeared in numerous copies of the Constitution in the early and
middle 1800s), Congress decided that the Secretary of State should
certify what amendments have been ratified. Congress proposed the
16th Amendment on July 12, 1909, and, on February 3, 1913, Secretary
of State Philander Knox certified that it had been ratified.
According to the Office
of the Law Revision Counsel of the U. S. House of Representatives,
the dates of ratification by the states were (chronologically):
Alabama, August 10, 1909; Kentucky, February 8, 1910; South Carolina,
February 19, 1910; Illinois, March 1, 1910; Mississippi, March 7,
1910; Oklahoma, March 10, 1910; Maryland, April 8, 1910; Georgia,
August 3, 1910; Texas, August 16, 1910; Ohio, January 19, 1911;
Idaho, January 20, 1911; Oregon, January 23, 1911; Washington,
January 26, 1911; Montana, January 30, 1911; Indiana, January 30,
1911; California, January 31, 1911; Nevada, January 31, 1911; South
Dakota, February 3, 1911; Nebraska, February 9, 1911; North Carolina,
February 11, 1911; Colorado, February 15, 1911; North Dakota,
February 17, 1911; Kansas, February 18, 1911; Michigan, February 23,
1911; Iowa, February 24, 1911; Missouri, March 16, 1911; Maine, March
31, 1911; Tennessee, April 7, 1911; Arkansas, April 22, 1911 (after
having rejected it earlier); Wisconsin, May 26, 1911; New York, July
12, 1911; Arizona, April 6, 1912; Minnesota, June 11, 1912;
Louisiana, June 28, 1912; West Virginia, January 31, 1913; New
Mexico, February 3, 1913. The amendment was subsequently ratified by
Massachusetts, March 4, 1913; New Hampshire, March 7, 1913 (after
having rejected it on March 2, 1911). The amendment was rejected (and
not subsequently ratified) by Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Utah.
The argument that the 16th Amendment was not ratified is best
explained (and refuted) by this quotation from U.S. v. Thomas,
788 F.2d 1250 (7th Cir. 1986), cert. den. 107 S.Ct. 187 (1986):
“Thomas is a tax protester, and one of his
arguments is that he did not need to file tax returns because the
sixteenth amendment is not part of the constitution. It was not
properly ratified, Thomas insists, repeating the argument of W.
Benson & M. Beckman, The Law That Never Was (1985). Benson
and Beckman review the documents concerning the states’
ratification of the sixteenth amendment and conclude that only four
states ratified the sixteenth amendment; they insist that the
official promulgation of that amendment by Secretary of State Knox in
1913 is therefore void.“Benson and Beckman did not
discover anything; they rediscovered something that Secretary Knox
considered in 1913. Thirty-eight states ratified the sixteenth
amendment, and thirty-seven sent formal instruments of ratification
to the Secretary of State. (Minnesota notified the Secretary orally,
and additional states ratified later; we consider only those
Secretary Knox considered.) Only four instruments repeat the language
of the sixteenth amendment exactly as Congress approved it. The
others contain errors of diction, capitalization, punctuation, and
spelling. The text Congress transmitted to the states was: “The
Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several
States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.” Many
of the instruments neglected to capitalize “States,” and
some capitalized other words instead. The instrument from Illinois
had “remuneration” in place of “enumeration”;
the instrument from Missouri substituted “levy” for
“lay”; the instrument from Washington had “income”
not “incomes”; others made similar blunders.“Thomas
insists that because the states did not approve exactly the same
text, the amendment did not go into effect. Secretary Knox considered
this argument. The Solicitor of the Department of State drew up a
list of the errors in the instruments and--taking into account both
the triviality of the deviations and the treatment of earlier
amendments that had experienced more substantial problems--advised
the Secretary that he was authorized to declare the amendment
adopted. The Secretary did so.“Although Thomas urges us
to take the view of several state courts that only agreement on the
literal text may make a legal document effective, the Supreme Court
follows the “enrolled bill rule.” If a legislative
document is authenticated in regular form by the appropriate
officials, the court treats that document as properly adopted. Field
v. Clark, 143 U.S. 649, 36 L.Ed. 294, 12 S.Ct. 495 (1892). The
principle is equally applicable to constitutional amendments. See
Leser v. Garnett, 258 U.S. 130, 66 L.Ed. 505, 42 S.Ct. 217
(1922), which treats as conclusive the declaration of the Secretary
of State that the nineteenth amendment had been adopted. In United
States v. Foster, 789 F.2d. 457, 462-463, n.6 (7th Cir. 1986), we
relied on Leser, as well as the inconsequential nature of the
objections in the face of the 73-year acceptance of the effectiveness
of the sixteenth amendment, to reject a claim similar to Thomas’.
See also Coleman v. Miller, 307 U.S. 433, 83 L. Ed. 1385, 59
S. Ct. 972 (1939) (questions about ratification of amendments may be
nonjusticiable). Secretary Knox declared that enough states had
ratified the sixteenth amendment. The Secretary’ decision is
not transparently defective. We need not decide when, if ever, such a
decision may be reviewed in order to know that Secretary Knox’
decision is now beyond review.”
U.S. v. Thomas, 788 F.2d 1250 (7th Cir. 1986), cert. den.
107 S.Ct. 187 (1986).
It has also been claimed that the votes of Georgia legislature
were recorded incorrectly and that Georgia actually rejected the
amendment, contrary to Knox’ report. However, no Congressman or
other official from Georgia has ever complained about the “error”
and, even if there was an error and Georgia did not ratify the
amendment, there would still have been thirty-seven ratifications,
one more than the thirty-six required. (Article V of the Constitution
requires that amendments to the Constitution be approved by the
legislatures of three fourths of the states, and there were
forty-eight states in 1913.)
Another claim is that the ratification of the 16th Amendment by
several states was invalid because the constitutions of those states
prohibited an income tax. A similar argument as to the 19th Amendment
has been flatly rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in connection with
a different constitutional amendment:
“The second contention is that in the
Constitutions of several of the 36 states named in the proclamation
of the Secretary of State there are provisions which render
inoperative the alleged ratifications by their Legislatures. The
argument is that by reason of these specific provisions the
Legislatures were without power to ratify. But the function of a
state Legislature in ratifying a proposed amendment to the federal
Constitution, like the function of Congress in proposing the
amendment, is a federal function derived from the federal
Constitution; and it transcends any limitations sought to be imposed
by the people of a state.”
Leser v. Garnett, 258 U.S. 130, 136-137 (1922).
These technical arguments against the ratification of the 16th
Amendment are troubling because they are so undemocratic (as are many
other tax protester arguments). Except for a couple of claims about
the votes of two states, there is really no doubt that Congress
proposed an amendment that would give it the power to tax incomes,
and that three fourths of the states approved the amendment. But tax
protesters would like for the courts to nullify the amendment, and so
nullify the power of Congress and the states to amend the
Constitution, and so deny to the people the power to govern
themselves, because of typographical errors.
But can courts even consider attacks on the validity of
constitutional amendments? As noted by the 7th Circuit in Thomas,
the argument that the 16th Amendment is invalid is not only legally
and factually wrong, but it is an argument that federal courts are
unable (or at least reluctant) to consider. The federal courts have
always recognized limits upon their powers, and one of those limits
is that the courts should not get involved in issues that the
Constitution has entrusted to other branches of the government. The
Constitution says that Congress may propose amendments, and the
states may ratify them. Whether an amendment has been properly
ratified is considered to be a “political question” to be
resolved by Congress and the states, and not in court. In a challenge
to the validity of the 19th Amendment, the Supreme Court ruled that
official notices of the state legislatures to the Secretary of State
were “binding upon him, and, being certified by his
proclamation, is conclusive upon the courts.” Leser v.
Garnett, 258 U.S. 130, 137 (1922).
Other decisions confirming (or refusing to consider) the validity
of the 16th Amendment:
“Despite plaintiff’ and numerous other tax
protesters’ contention that the Sixteenth Amendment was never
ratified, courts have long recognized the Sixteenth Amendment’
ratification and validity.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 295 (1998).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: .. .. (4) the Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution is
either invalid or applies only to corporations . . . .”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
See also, United States v. Foster, 789 F.2d 457 (7th Cir.
1986), cert. den. 107 S.Ct. 273; Pollard v. Commissioner, 816
F.2d 603 (11th Cir. 1987); United States v. Benson, 941 F.2d
598 (7th Cir. 1991); Sochia v. Commissioner, 23 F.3d 941 (5th
Cir. 1994), reh. den. 1994 U.S. App. LEXIS 22014; United States v.
Stahl, 792 F.2d 1438 (9th Cir. 1986), cert. den. 107 S.Ct. 888;
United State v. Sitka, 845 F.2d 43 (2nd Cir. 1988); Miller
v. United States, 868 F.2d 236, 239-41 (7th Cir. 1989); Biermann
v. Commissioner, 769 F.2d 707 (11th Cir. 1985); United States
v. Buckner, 830 F.2d 102 (1987); United States v. Dube,
820 F.2d 886, 891 (7th Cir. 1986); Coleman v. Commissioner,
791 F.2d 68, 70-71 (7th Cir. 1986); United States v. Moore,
627 F.2d 830, 833 (7th Cir. 1980); Knoblauch v. Commissioner,
749 F.2d 200, 201 (1984) (“Every court that has considered this
argument has rejected it.”), cert. den. 474 U.S. 830 (1985);
United States v. Matheson, (9th Cir. 1986); Lysiak v.
Commissioner, 816 F.2d 311, 312 (7th Cir. 1987); Quijano v.
United States, 93 F.3d 26, 30 (1st Cir. 1996); United States
v. Mundt, 29 F.3d 233, 237 (6th Cir. 1994).
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819, the IRS confirmed that the
argument that the 16th Amendment was never properly
ratified is “frivolous” and reliance on it can result in
civil and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[t]he Sixteenth Amendment was not ratified,
has no effect, contradicts the Constitution as originally ratified,
lacks an enabling clause, or does not authorize a non-apportioned,
direct income tax” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
A related (and even sillier) claim made by tax protesters is that
the ratification of the 16th Amendment by Ohio was invalid because
Ohio did not become a state until 1953(!). This strange claim is
based on a strange action that Congress took in 1953 to confirm that
Ohio was indeed a state. Briefly:
By an act of April 30, 1802 (2 Stat. 173), section 1,
Congress provided that “the inhabitants of the eastern
division of the territory northwest of the river Ohio, be, and they
are hereby authorized to form for themselves a constitution and
state government, and to assume such name as they shall deem proper,
and the said state, when formed, shall be admitted into the Union,
upon the same footing with the original states, in all respects
whatsoever.” (This was consistent with the Northwest Territory
Ordinance of 1787, which provided that there should be formed from
the territory at least three but not more than five states.)
A convention met in Ohio on November 1, 1802, and adopted a
constitution on November 29, 1802.
On January 19, 1803, a special committee of Congress reported
that “the said Constitution and government so formed is
republican, and in conformity to the principles contained in the
articles of the ordinance made on the 13th day of July 1787, for the
Government of the said Territory: and that it is now necessary to
establish a district court within the said State, to carry into
complete effect the laws of the United States within the same.”
Annals of Congress, 7th Cong., 2d sess., p. 21.
Congress then enacted legislation to declare that all of the
laws of the United States shall be in force within the state of Ohio
and to establish a federal district court in Ohio, stating in the
preamble that “the said state has become one of the United
States of America.” Act of February 19, 1803 (2 Stat. 201).
Ohio began sending Representatives and Senators to Congress,
began voting in Presidential elections, and has been considered to
be a state ever since.
So what’ the problem? When Ohio was preparing for the 150th
anniversary of its statehood, researchers discovered that they
couldn’t establish the exact date that Ohio became a state, and
that there was some confusion on the issue. For example, the Senate
Manual (S. Doc. 5, 82d Cong., p. 570) gave the date as March 3, 1803,
while the Congressional Biographical Directory (H. Doc. 607, 81st
Cong., p. 76, note 9) gave the date as November 29, 1802. Further
research showed that Ohio was unique because Congress declared that
Ohio would become a state upon fulfilling certain conditions but had
never formally declared that the conditions had been met. In
admitting other states, Congress either declared that the state would
be admitted as of a certain date, or passed an enabling act and then
later declared that the state was admitted. In the case of Ohio,
Congress passed an enabling act but never formally declared that the
conditions of the enabling act had been met, either due to an
oversight or due to a belief that a formal declaration was not
intended and not needed.
In a 1953 report to Congress, the Legislative Reference Service of
the Library of Congress stated that the lack of a formal resolution
“may be considered unessential.” (1953 U.S.C.C.A.N. 2126,
2128.) However, Ohio asked for a formal declaration, sending a new
petition for statehood to Washington by horseback (yes, in 1953), and
Congress complied (with a certain number of snide jokes), passing a
joint resolution that declared Ohio to be one of the United States of
America as of March 1, 1803. P.L. 82-204, 67 Stat. 407. The
Senate Report to the resolution states that the purpose was “to
make formal, legal declaration of the de facto situation with respect
to the admission of Ohio as a State of the United States.”
Senate Report No. 720, 1953 U.S.C.C.A.N. 2124.
So the fact of the matter was that Ohio was accepted as a state of
the United States sometime in 1802 or 1803 and Congress declared the
admission to be as of a certain date in 1803, but the declaration was
not made until 1953.
The argument that Ohio was not a state until 1953 was rejected in
Knoblauch v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 749 F2d 200,
201-202 (5th Cir. 1984), cert. den., 474 U.S. 830 (1986),
and in Bowman v. Government of the United States, 920 F.Supp.
623, 625 n. 4 (E.D. Pa. 1995), aff’d 88 AFTR2d Par. 2001-5537,
No. 00-1689 (3rd Cir. 10/4/2001).
Related topics:
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new
power to tax.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
Not being able to see the forest for the trees.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because
the word “income” is not defined.
It is true that “income” is not defined by the
Constitution, but the Constitution defines very few words. “Freedom
of speech,” “due process,” and “equal
protection” are all undefined in the Constitution, and yet
those provisions are enforced by the courts. Similarly, the courts
can determine what is meant by “income” within the 16th
Amendment, and have held that “income” has the same
meaning as used in everyday speech.
“For the present purpose we require only a clear
definition of the term ‘income,’ as used in common
speech, in order to determine its meaning in the amendment....”
Eisner v. Macomber, 252 U.S. 189, 206-7 (1920), (holding
that “Income may be defined as the gain derived from capital,
from labor, or from both combined, provided it be understood to
include profit gained through a sale or conversion of capital
assets.” 252 U.S. at 207).
So the lack of an express definition of the word “income”
income within the Constitution has consistently been held to be a
frivolous objection to 16th Amendment. For example:
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (8) the term “income” as used in the tax
statutes is unconstitutionally vague and indefinite....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
(As an aside, one of the hallmarks of tax protester arguments is
that they are “ad hoc” arguments,
selectively and inconsistently applied. A tax protester will
argue that “incomes” is not defined by the 16th
Amendment, which is therefore ineffective, but no tax protester has
ever argued that Article I, Section 9 of the Constitution is
ineffective because “direct tax” is not sufficiently
defined, because that would mean that all taxes are constitutional
whether or not they are apportioned.)
Related topics:
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
The Internal Revenue Code cannot define
“income” because it is a term used in the Constitution
and Congress cannot modify the Constitution by statute.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax cannot apply to
citizens outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the
United States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
This represents a complete misunderstanding of the language of the
Constitution, and also a complete misunderstanding of our entire
federal system of government.
Paragraph 17 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution gives
Congress the power of “exclusive Legislation” over the
District of Columbia and other places purchased with the consent of
the state legislature for “Forts, Magazines, Arsenals,
dock-Yards and other needful Buildings.” Tax protesters believe
that this clause is not an additional power, but limits and restricts
the powers given to Congress by the other 16 paragraphs of Section 8,
which is ridiculous.
The framers of the Constitution created a “federal”
system of government, in which the powers that needed to be uniform
throughout the nation were entrusted to Congress, while all other
powers were retained by the states. The powers of Congress were
therefore limited to certain “enumerated” powers, such as
the power to establish a national currency and punish counterfeiters,
establish post offices, maintain a national system for bankruptcies
and naturalizations, regulate interstate commerce, create a national
system for patents, copyrights, and trademarks, and others. To carry
out these powers, Congress must of necessity have power over the
citizens residing within states. For example, Congress can hardly
punish counterfeiting if the federal government cannot act to arrest,
try, and imprison counterfeiters who reside within the states.
Similarly, Congress can hardly regulate interstate commerce if it has
no power to enforce its regulations against the citizens and
residents of states.
So the power of the federal government is not limited to
the District of Columbia and other “federal areas,” but
extends into the states. This has been expressly recognized by the
Supreme Court:
“The people of the United States resident within
any State are subject to two governments: one State, and the other
National. ...” United States v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542
(1876).
On the subject of taxation, the authors of the Federalist Papers
expressly recognized that the Congressional power to tax would be
concurrent with the taxing powers of the states, and that both the
federal government and the state governments might be taxing the same
subjects:
“[The power of imposing taxes on all articles
other than exports and imports], I contend, is manifestly a
concurrent and coequal authority in the United States
and in the individual States.” (Emphasis added.)
And:
“As to a supposition of repugnancy between the
power of taxation in the States and in the Union, it cannot be
supported in that sense which would be requisite to work an exclusion
of the States. It is, indeed, possible that a tax might be laid on a
particular article by a State which might render it INEXPEDIENT that
thus a further tax should be laid on the same article by the Union;
but it would not imply a constitutional inability to impose a further
tax.” Alexander Hamilton, Federalist #32, (Emphasis in
original.)
Which is why President Washington sent federal troops into
Pennsylvania in 1794 to enforce the federal taxes on distilling
during the “Whiskey Rebellion.”
And which is why the Supreme Court ruled in 1796, with the
concurring votes of two members of the Constitutional Convention then
sitting as Justices on the court, that Congress could impose a tax on
a citizen of Virginia for carriages held for private use. Hylton
v. United States, 3
U.S. 171 (1796).
This implicit holding of Hylton was made explicit in 1820:
“The 8th section of the 1st article gives to
Congress the ‘power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts
and excises,’ for the purposes thereinafter mentioned. This
grant is general, without limitation as to place. It,
consequently, extends to all places over which the government
extends. If this could be doubted, the doubt is removed by the
subsequent words which modify the grant. These words are, ‘but
all duties, imposts, and excises, shall be uniform throughout the
United States.’ It will not be contended that the modification
of the power extends to places to which the power itself does not
extend. The power then to lay and collect duties, imposts, and
excises, may be exercised, and must be exercised throughout the
United States. Does this term designate the whole, or any
particular portion of the American empire? Certainly this question
can admit of but one answer. It is the name given to our great
republic, which is composed of States and territories.”
Loughborough
v. Blake, 18 U.S. (Wheat.) 317, 318-319 (1820), (Chief
Justice Marshall, writing for a unanimous court; emphasis added).
Later, in 1870, the Supreme Court stated:
“The general government, and the States,
although both exist within the same territorial limits, are
separate and distinct sovereignties, acting separately and
independently of each other, within their respective spheres.”
Collector v. Day, 78 U.S. 113, 124 (1870), (emphasis
added).
And:
“[T]he revenues of the United States must be
obtained in the same territory, from the same people, and excise
taxes must be collected from the same activities, as are also reached
by the states in order to support their local government.”
Flint v. Stone Tracy Co., 220 U.S. 107,154 (1911).
Finally:
“The United States is not a foreign sovereignty
as regards the several States, but is a concurrent, and, within its
jurisdiction, paramount sovereignty. Every citizen of a State is a
subject of two distinct sovereignties, having concurrent jurisdiction
in the State,-concurrent as to place and persons, though distinct as
to subject-matter.”
Claflin v. Houseman, 93
U.S. 130, 136 (1876); Mondou v. New York, N.H., & H.R.
Co., 223 U.S. 1, 57 (1912).
The one exception to the principle of concurrent power is the
District of Columbia and forts and other areas described in clause 17
of Article I, section 8. In those areas, Congress can exercise
“exclusive Legislation,” meaning that the states are
excluded from any legislative powers, and Congress can enact general
civil and criminal laws of the type usually enacted only by the
states.
And see what the courts have said about the claim that the federal
government has no power to tax within a state:
“Moreover, the tax code imposes a “direct
nonapportioned [income] tax upon United States citizens throughout
the nation, not just in federal enclaves,” such as postal
offices and Indian reservations. United States v. Collins, 920
F.2d 619, 629 (10th Cir. 1990), cert. denied, ___ U.S. ___, 111 S.Ct.
2022, 114 L.Ed.2d 108 (1991) (citing Brushaber v. Union Pacific
R.R., 240 U.S. 1, 12-19, 36 S.Ct. 236, 239-42, 60 L.Ed. 493
(1916)). Mr. Sloan’ proposition that he is not subject to the
jurisdiction of the laws of the United States is simply wrong.”
United States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d 499, 501 (7th Cir. 1991),
cert. den. 112 S.Ct. 940 (1992).
“On the merits, defendant argues that the
District Court lacked jurisdiction over him because he is solely a
resident of the state of Michigan and not a resident of any ‘federal
zone’ and is therefore not subject to federal income tax laws.
This argument is completely without merit and patently frivolous.”
United States v. Mundt, 29 F.3d 233, 237 (6th Cir. 1994).
“Dickstein’ motion to dismiss advanced the
hackneyed tax protester refrain that federal criminal jurisdiction
only extends to the District of Columbia, United States territorial
possessions and ceded territories. Dickstein’ memorandum
blithely ignored 18 U.S.C. § 3231 which explicitly vests federal
district courts with jurisdiction over ‘all offenses against
the laws of the United States.’ Dickstein also conveniently
ignored article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution which
empowers Congress to create, define and punish crimes, irrespective
of where they are committed. [Citations omitted.] Article I, section
8 and the sixteenth amendment also empowers Congress to create and
provide for the administration of an income tax; the statute under
which defendant was charged and convicted, 26 U.S.C. § 7201,
plainly falls within that authority. Efforts to argue that federal
jurisdiction does not encompass prosecutions for federal tax evasion
have been rejected as either ‘silly’ or ‘frivolous’
by a myriad of courts throughout the nation. [Citations omitted.] In
the face of this uniform authority, it defies credulity to argue that
the district court lacked jurisdiction to adjudicate the government’
case against defendant.”
United States v. Collins, 920 F.2d 619 (10th Cir. 1990).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (2) the authority of the United States is confined to
the District of Columbia ....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“Caniff’ claim that he is a non-resident
alien is preposterous on its face. He acknowledges that he lives in
Indiana. The tax power applies fully to each and every of the fifty
United States, not just the District of Columbia.”
Caniff v. Commissioner, 52 F.3d 328 (7th Cir. 1995),
(unpublished opinion).
“This is but another ‘of the many suits,
prosecuted by disgruntled taxpayers, that neither advances the law
nor serves any purpose save to clog the court’ dockets, waste
judicial time and cause protracted delays to worthy litigation.’
Cook v. Spillman, 806 F.2d 948 (9th Cir. 1986). Lovett’
claim that he is not a taxpayer subject to the authority of the
United States or the IRS is patently frivolous.”
Lovett v. Gillen, 39 F3d 1187 (9th Cir. 1995), (the court
imposed a $1,000 sanction for filing a frivolous appeal).
“Much of Becraft’ reply is also devoted to
a discussion of the limitations of federal jurisdiction to United
States territories and the District of Columbia and thus the
inapplicability of the federal income tax laws to a resident of one
of the states...this claim also has no semblance of merit.”
In re Lowell H. Becraft (United States v. Nelson), 885 F.2d
547 (9th Cir. 1989), (Mr. Becraft, attorney for Mr. Nelson, was fined
$2,500 for filing a petition that the court found to be so lacking in
merit as to be “frivolous”).
“Defendant’ first motion is styled ‘motion
to dismiss for lack of exclusive legislative jurisdiction.’
This motion is premised on Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the
United States Constitution, which provides: [The Congress shall have
the power] [t]o exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as
may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of the government of the United States, and to
exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of
the Legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the
erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and other needful
buildings. Defendants argue that Clause 17 limits the legislative
power of Congress such that only the geographical areas over which
Congress may legislate, or may exercise its power of taxation, are
those areas described in Clause 17. This position is contrary to both
the natural reading of the Constitution and the case law. Clause 17
limits not the power of Congress, but the power of the states. ‘[T]he
word “exclusive” was employed to eliminate any
possibility that the legislative power of Congress over the District
[of Columbia] was to be concurrent with that of the ceding states.’
District of Columbia v. John R. Thompson Co., 346 U.S. 100,
109, 73 S.Ct. 1007, 1012, 97 L.Ed. 1480 (1953).”
United States v. Sato, 704 F.Supp. 816 (N.D.Ill. 1989).
“Along with his claim that he is not a United
States citizen, plaintiff further claims that federal laws, including
the I.R.C., do not apply to citizens of the state of Washington, a
’compact state.’ Article I, section 8 of the United
States Constitution grants Congress the power to ‘lay and
collect Taxes.’ U.S. Const., Art. I, section 8. ... The
Sixteenth Amendment provides that ‘Congress shall have power to
lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived,
without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to
any census or enumeration.’ ... Pursuant to the authority
vested in Congress under the Sixteenth Amendment to impose a direct
income tax on citizens and residents of the United States comprised
of the 50 states and the District of Columbia, Congress enacted Title
26 of the United States Code, the Internal Revenue Code.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 295 (1998).
A somewhat related claim is the argument that corporations
incorporated under the laws of individual states are outside of the
control of the United States and so not required to withhold taxes.
This argument has also been rejected:
Taylor claims that he is a citizen of Tennessee but
not the United States, and that therefore the federal income tax law
does not apply to him. He also argues that his employer is “foreign”
to the United States because it is incorporated in Louisiana, rather
than being an arm of the federal government, and is therefore not
eligible to withhold income tax. Finally, he claims that his wages
are not included in the federal income tax system because they are
not “Income,” as they are not “for gain or profit,”
but rather are mere “compensation.” Taylor’s
claims are patently frivolous, and it is clear from the record and
the district court’s opinion that Taylor should have been aware
that his claims were frivolous when he filed suit. Taylor’s
claims are an unsubtle attempt at protesting the federal income tax
system. We have previously held that, “it is clear beyond
peradventure that the law is well established and long settled that
wages are includable in taxable income.” Waters v. Comm’r,
764 F.2d 1389, 1390 (11th Cir. 1985) (per curiam). Further, we have
held that any appeal of this issue is patently frivolous and a cause
for sanctions. McNair v. Eggers, 788 F.2d 1509, 1510 (11th
Cir. 1986) (per curiam).
Taylor v. Gaither, 88 AFTR2d 2001-6055, KTC 2001-432 (11th
Cir. 2001), aff’g 87 AFTR2d 2001-1688, KTC 2001-584 (S.D. Ala.
2001) (Rule 11 sanctions imposed against plaintiff who sued to enjoin
his employer from withholding federal income tax).
The claim that “the United States does not include all or a
part of the physical territory of the 50 States and instead consists
of only places such as the District of Columbia, Commonwealths and
Territories (e.g., Puerto Rico), and Federal enclaves (e.g., Native
American reservations and military installations),” or similar
arguments described as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2004-28, 2004-12
I.R.B. 624, 2004-1 C.B. 624, or Rev. Rul. 2007-22, 2007-14
I.R.B. 866, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
In the same notice, the claim that “[o]nly certain types of
taxpayers are subject to income and employment taxes, such as ...
residents of the District of Columbia or the Federal territories, or
similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2006-18, 2006-15 IRB 743” was also identified by the
IRS as a “frivolous position” that can result in a
penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in
certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
In support of their claim that the federal government cannot
impose taxes within the states of the United States, tax protesters
frequently cite a decision of the New York Court of Appeals (the
highest court in New York, which calls its trial courts “Supreme
Courts”):
“The government of the United States is a
foreign corporation with respect to a state.”
In re Merriam, 36 N.E. 505, 141 N. Y. 479 (1894), affirmed
sub nom. United States v. Perkins, 163 U. S. 625 (1896).
The above “quotation” does not appear in the opinion
of the New York Court of Appeals, and does not appear in the opinion
of the Supreme Court. In appears that some tax protester copied a
one-sentence summary of the decision from an article or treatise
(probably Corpus Juris Secundum) and thought the summary was a
quote from the opinion, and other tax protesters have been happily
cutting-and-pasting the “quotation” without ever checking
to see what the case was about or courts actually said.
The issue in the case was the application of a New York tax to
property that a decedent’s will gave to the United States
government. The Court of Appeals held that the exemption for gifts to
charitable corporations was limited to gifts to domestic corporations
(i.e., corporations created under the laws of the state of New York)
and so the gift to the United States did not qualify for the
exemption and the gift was subject to tax.
In affirming, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed that the New York
legislature “intended to allow an exemption only in favor of
such corporations as it had itself created, and which might
reasonably be supposed to be the special objects of its solicitude
and bounty” (163 U.S. at 630) and that the exemption for
charitable corporations was not intended to apply to “a purely
political or governmental corporation, like the United States”
(163 U.S. at 631).
In other words, New York decided to treat gifts to the United
States government differently from gifts to domestic charitable
corporations, and the U.S. Supreme Court agreed that it could. The
case has nothing whatsoever to do with the power of the federal
government to impose or collect taxes within the states of the United
States. (There was another issue discussed by the Supreme Court,
which was whether New York could constitutionally tax a gift to the
United States, but that issue is not relevant to the “foreign
corporation” argument.)
And the tax protester “quotation” is completely at
odds with something that the Supreme Court really did say:
“The United States is not a foreign sovereignty
as regards the several States, but is a concurrent, and, within its
jurisdiction, paramount sovereignty.”
Claflin v. Houseman, 93
U.S. 130, 136 (1876).
At best, the Merriam “quote” is an example of a
quotation out of context, and at worst it’s
an example of an outright fabrication. (There is room for stupidity
and sloppiness in between.)
Related topics:
The income tax does not apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia and territories of the United
States because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax only applies to the domestic
income of nonresident aliens.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Quotations out of context
Lies and fabrications.
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
There are actually a number of problems with the concept of
“citizens” of the states of the United States who are not
“citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment. If
this tax protester claim were true, then:
The words “citizen of the United States” would have
a meaning in the 14th Amendment that is different than the meaning
given those same words in other parts of the Constitution.
The words “United States” would have a meaning in
the first sentence of the 14th Amendment that is different than the
meaning given those words in other parts of the Constitution.
The word “jurisdiction” would have a meaning in the
first sentence of the 14th Amendment that is different than the
meaning given that word in other parts of the Constitution.
The 14th Amendment would extend the power of Congress to
legislate for “federal citizens” without regard to the
limits on Congressional power found in other parts of the
Constitution.
The 14th Amendment would have created a new kind of citizenship,
and did not merely extend the existing definition of “citizen”
to include former slaves as well as whites.
The 14th Amendment would not mean what it says, and would not
apply to “all persons.”
The power of Congress to tax would limited by citizenship,
and Congress would not be able to tax immigrants or foreigners who
are within the United States but not citizens of the United States.
All of the above statements are wrong, but for the purpose of this
FAQ the last fallacy is the most important, because there is nothing
in the Constitution that limits the power of Congress to tax only
citizens, however defined. The power to tax that is given to Congress
by Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution, and by the 16th
Amendment, is not limited to the taxation of citizens, whether
“sovereign state citizens,” “14th Amendment
citizens,” or any other type of citizen. The power to tax
applies to all residents of the United States whether or not they are
citizens, as well as to all income earned within the United States
whether or not the income is earned by residents or non-residents.
(The income tax also applies to citizens of the United States living
in other countries, but that is another issue. Cf., Cook v.
Tait, 265 U.S. 47 (1924).) Therefore, even if the claim of two
types of citizenship were correct (which is a big “if”),
the claim is still irrelevant to the federal income tax
because Congress can tax noncitizens as well as citizens.
As explained above, tax protesters
often have trouble with the concept of the concurrent sovereignty of
the federal government with the states. For that reason, tax
protesters often fail to understand that our Constitution recognizes
state and federal citizenship as two different relationships, with
the rights and obligations of state citizenship being separate from
the rights and obligations of federal citizenship. However, the
Supreme Court has clearly recognized the reality of concurrent
citizenship, referring to “a citizenship which owes allegiance
to two sovereigns, and claims the protection of both.” United
States v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542, 549 (1876).
Before the 14th Amendment, it was not clear how citizenship was
determined. This uncertainty culminated in the infamous Dred Scott
decision, Dred Scott v. Sandford, 60 U.S. 393 (1856), in which
it was held that, because slaves (and even former slaves) were not
considered citizens at the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
they could never be considered citizens (or even
persons) under the Constitution, regardless of any state law or
federal statute to the contrary. Following the Civil War, this ruling
was reversed by the adoption of the 14th Amendment to the
Constitution.
This history was summarized by the U.S. Supreme Court as follows:
“The first section of the fourteenth article, to
which our attention is more specially invited, opens with a
definition of citizenship--not only citizenship of the United States,
but citizenship of the States. No such definition was previously
found in the Constitution, nor had any attempt been made to define it
by act of Congress. It had been the occasion of much discussion in
the courts, by the executive departments, and in the public journals.
It had been said by eminent judges that no man was a citizen of the
United States, except as he was a citizen of one of the States
composing the Union. Those, therefore, who had been born and resided
always in the District of Columbia or in the Territories, though
within the United States, were not citizens. Whether this proposition
was sound or not had never been judicially decided. But it had been
held by this court, in the celebrated Dred Scott case, only a few
years before the outbreak of the civil war, that a man of African
descent, whether a slave or not, was not and could not be a citizen
of a State or of the United States. This decision, while it met the
condemnation of some of the ablest statesmen and constitutional
lawyers of the country, had never been overruled; and if it was to be
accepted as a constitutional limitation of the right of citizenship,
then all the negro race who had recently been made freemen, were
still, not only not citizens, but were incapable of becoming so by
anything short of an amendment to the Constitution.“To
remove this difficulty primarily, and to establish a clear and
comprehensive definition of citizenship which should declare what
should constitute citizenship of the United States, and also
citizenship of a State, the first clause of the first section was
framed.“‘All persons born or naturalized in the
United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens
of the United States and of the State in which they reside.’“The
first observation we have to make of this clause is, that it puts at
rest both the questions which we state to have been the subject of
differences of opinions. It declares that persons may be citizens of
the United States without regard to their citizenship of a particular
State, and it overturns the Dred Scott decision by making all
persons born within the United States and subject to its
jurisdiction citizens of the United States.”
The Slaughterhouse Cases, 83 U.S. 36, 72-73 (1873),
(emphasis in original).
Following the plain words of the 14th Amendment and the decision
in the Slaughterhouse Cases, the federal courts have
consistently ruled that all persons born within the United States are
citizens of the United States, and state citizenship follows from
federal citizenship.
“By the original constitution citizenship in the
United States was a consequence of citizenship in a state. By this
clause [of the 14th Amendment] this order of things is reversed; ...
and citizenship in a state is a result of citizenship in the United
States.”
Colgate v. Harvey, 296 U.S. 404, 427, n. 3 (1935), quoting
the opinion of Judge Woods in United States v. Hall, 26
Fed.Cas. No. 15,282, page 79, 81.
So the Supreme Court has held that a state cannot deny rights of
state citizenship to a citizen of the United States who resides
within that state. Dunn v. Blumstein, 405 U.S. 330 (1972);
Evans v. Cornman, 398 U.S. 419 (1970).
The principle was more recently expressed as follows:
“Citizens of the United States, whether rich or
poor, have the right to choose to be citizens ‘of the States
wherein they reside.’ U.S. Const., Amdt. 14, section 1. The
States, however, do not have any right to select their citizens.”
Saenz v. Roe, 526 U.S. 489 (1999), aff’g 134 F.3d
1400.
One Circuit Court of Appeals has put it this way:
“Relying on this Supreme Court authority,
circuit and district courts have treated the question before us today
as one long decided: ‘[I]n order to be a citizen of a state, it
is elementary law that one must first be a citizen of the United
States.’”
Kantor v. Wellesley Galleries, Ltd., 704 F.2d 1088,
1090-1091 (9th Cir. 1983), (citations omitted).
Tax protesters (and white supremacists) argue that the phrase “all
persons” does not mean all persons, but only refers to
former slaves (i.e., blacks), because the purpose of the amendment
was to grant rights of citizenship to blacks and whites were already
citizens. Even assuming that it is possible to conclude that the
amendment does not mean what it says, it cannot be concluded that the
amendment only applies to blacks if the effect would be to treat
blacks differently than whites. The purpose of the amendment was to
give blacks the same rights of citizenship as whites. That
purpose would be defeated if blacks were to enjoy a form of
citizenship that is somehow different than the citizenship enjoyed by
whites.
Tax protesters (and white supremacists) also argue that the phrase
“subject to the jurisdiction thereof” excludes those born
within the states of the United States because only those born in the
District of Columbia and the territories of the United States are
“subject to the jurisdiction” of the federal government.
This is completely wrong, on several grounds:
The Supreme Court has plainly stated that “The phrase
’subject to its jurisdiction’ was intended to exclude
from its operation ministers, consuls, and citizens or subjects of
foreign States born within the United States.” The
Slaughterhouse Cases, 83 U.S. 36, 73 (1873); United States v.
Wong Kim Ark, 169 U.S. 649, 678-688 (1898).
The phrase “in the United States, and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof” had previously been used in Supreme
Court opinions to include the states of the United States (e.g., The
Exchange,), and similar language had been included in
naturalization acts of Congress that were clearly intended to
operate within the states of the United States. The Supreme Court
has therefore concluded that “It is impossible ... to hold
that persons ‘within the jurisdiction’ of one of the
states of the Union are not ‘subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States.’” United States v. Wong Kim Ark,
169 U.S. 649, 687 (1898).
Those born within the states of the United States are within
the “jurisdiction” of the United States as that word is
used within other clauses of the Constitution, including the reach
of the judicial power of the United States in Article III. As
explained above, the laws of the United
States enacted by Congress under the Constitution of the United
States are the “Supreme Law of the Land” and so all of
the residents of all of the states of the United States are within
the “jurisdiction” of the United States.
It has been uniformly held that the possessions (territories)
of the United States are not within the meaning
“United States” as used in the Constitution, and so
persons born in territories of the United States are not citizens of
the United States under the 14th Amendment. So, the Ninth Circuit
has held that “birth in the Philippines during the territorial
period does not constitute birth ‘in the United States’
under the Fourteenth Amendment, and thus does not give rise to
United States citizenship.” Rabang v. INS, 35 F.3d 1449
(9th Cir. 1994). See also, Downes v. Bidwell, 182 U.S. 250,
251 (“[I]t can nowhere be inferred that the territories were
considered a part of the United States.”) (Notice that this is
the exact opposite of what most tax protesters claim. They believe
that “United States” in the 14th Amendment means the
territories of the United States and not the states, but the courts
have ruled the opposite, and denied U.S. citizenship to someone born
in a territory of the United States.)
If the 14th Amendment did not apply to those born within the
states, it would not apply to most former slaves (born in the
Southern states), which would defeat the entire admitted purpose of
the amendment.
So, what have the federal courts said about the claim that a
person born in a state of the United States is not a “citizen
of the United States” and is not subject to the federal income
tax?
“Also basic to Mr. Sloan’ “freedom
from income tax theory” is his contention that he is not a
citizen of the United States, but rather, that he is a freeborn,
natural individual, a citizen of the State of Indiana, and a
“master”--not “servant”--of his government.
As a result, he claims that he is not subject to the jurisdiction of
the laws of the United States. This strange argument has been
previously rejected as well. “All individuals, natural or
unnatural, must pay federal income tax on their wages,”
regardless of whether they requested, obtained or exercised any
privilege from the federal government. Lovell [v. United
States], 755 F.2d [517] at 519 [7th Cir. 1984]; cf. [United States
v.] Studley, 783 F.2d [934] at 937 [9th Cir. 1986] (Studley’
argument that “she is not a ‘taxpayer’ because she
is an absolute, freeborn and natural individual ... is frivolous. An
individual is a ‘person’ under the Internal Revenue
Code.”). Moreover, the tax code imposes a “direct
nonapportioned [income] tax upon United States citizens throughout
the nation, not just in federal enclaves,” such as postal
offices and Indian reservations. United States v. Collins, 920
F.2d 619, 629 (10th Cir. 1990), cert. denied, ___ U.S. ___, 111 S.Ct.
2022, 114 L.Ed.2d 108 (1991) (citing Brushaber v. Union Pacific
R.R., 240 U.S. 1, 12-19, 36 S.Ct. 236, 239-42, 60 L.Ed. 493
(1916)). Mr. Sloan’ proposition that he is not subject to the
jurisdiction of the laws of the United States is simply wrong.”
United States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d 499, 501 (7th Cir. 1991),
cert. den. 112 S.Ct. 940 (1992).
“And, finally, we reject appellants’
contention that they are not citizens of the United States, but
rather “Free Citizens of the Republic of Minnesota” and,
consequently, not subject to taxation. See United States v.
Kruger, 923 F.2d 587, 587-88 (8th Cir.1991) (rejecting similar
argument as “absurd”).”
United States v. Gerads, 999 F.2d 1255 (8th Cir. 1993),
cert. den. 510 U.S. 1193 (1994).
“Appellant challenges the district court’
jurisdiction by contending that because he is a state citizen, the
United States government lacks the constitutional authority both to
subject him to federal tax laws and to prosecute him for failing to
comply with those laws. Citing to Dred Scott v. Sandford, 60 U.S. (19
How.) 393 (1856), appellant argues that as a white, natural born,
state citizen, he is not subject to the taxing power of Congress.
This argument is completely without merit. As this court has made
clear in the past, claims that a particular person is ‘not a
[federal] taxpayer because [he or] she is an absolute, free-born and
natural individual’ constitutionally immune to federal laws is
frivolous and, in civil cases, can serve as the basis for sanctions.
United States v. Studley, 783 F.2d 934, 937, n. 3 (9th Cir.
1986).”
United
States v. McDonald, 919 F.2d 146, 90 TNT 246-11, No. 88-5239
(9th Cir. 11/26/1990).
To the extent the Monfortons contend that as
‘Sovereign State Citizens of Washington States’ they are
not subject to federal income tax, this contention is frivolous.”
Monforton v. United States, No. CV-94-00058-FVS, KTC
1995-354, n. 2, No. CV-94-00058-FVS, (9th Cir. 1995), (unpublished).
“The Epperlys next argue that since they are
‘American Inhabitants’ who possess sovereign powers and
immunities, they are properly classified under the tax code as
‘nonresident aliens’ and are not subject to taxation by
the federal government. Such an argument is frivolous.”
Epperly v. United States, 1992 U.S. App. LEXIS 32286 (9th
Cir. 1992), (unpublished).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: (1) individuals (“free born, white, preamble,
sovereign, natural, individual common law `de jure’ citizens of
a state, etc.”) are not “persons” subject to
taxation under the Internal Revenue code; ....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“Plaintiff claims that he is a nonresident alien
or ‘foreign individual of America’ in relation to the
United States, and that his residence and citizenship rest solely
with the States of Washington, ‘a free, independent, sovereign,
territory’ with ‘coequal authority with the other compact
states of America.’ ... Despite plaintiff’ creative
argument, the court takes judicial notice of the fact that the state
of Washington is one of the fifty states that comprise the United
States of America, entering the Union in 1889 as the forty-second
state. [Citations omitted.] The Fourteenth Amendment states that
‘[a]ll persons born or naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the State wherein they reside.’ U.S. Const.,
Amend. XIV, section 1. Plaintiff, therefore, along with being a
citizen of the state of Washington, is a United States citizen
because he was born in Washington State to parents who were United
States citizens. ... As a United States citizen, plaintiff is
required to pay federal income tax.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 294-296 (1998)
See also, United States v. Mundt, 29 F.3d 233, 237 (6th
Cir. 1994); United States v. Nelson (In re Becraft), 885 F.2d
548 (9th Cir. 1989); United States v. Steiner, 963 F.2d 381
(9th Cir. 1992).
The claim that “[a] taxpayer’s income is excluded from
taxation when the taxpayer rejects or renounces United States
citizenship because the taxpayer is a citizen exclusively of a State
(sometimes characterized as a “natural-born citizen” of a
“sovereign state”), that is claimed to be a separate
country or otherwise not subject to the laws of the United States”
has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position”
that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return
or included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
In the same notice, the claim that “[i]ndividuals may not be
taxed unless they are “citizens” within the meaning of
the Fourteenth Amendment” was also identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Where did tax protesters get the idea that the 14th Amendment
created some different kind of citizenship, or that there is a
difference between citizenship under the 14th Amendment and
“citizenship” as it existed before (or even after?) the
14th Amendment? From a collection of obscure, discredited, and
misunderstood decisions.
“No white person born within the limits of the
United States and subject to their jurisdiction ... or born without
those limits, and subsequently naturalized under their laws, owes his
status of citizenship to the recent amendments to the Federal
Constitution. The purpose of the 14th Amendment .. was to confer the
status of citizenship upon a numerous class of persons domiciled with
the limits of the United States who could not be brought within
operation of the naturalization laws because native born, and whose
birth, though native, at the same time left them without citizenship.
Such persons were not white persons but in the main were of African
blood, who had been held in slavery in this country...”
Van Valkenburg v. Brown, 43 Cal. 43, 47 (1872).
The Van Valkenburg decision is frequently quoted for the
proposition that white citizens do not owe their citizenship to the
14th Amendment. However, the decision was a state court decision, not
a federal decision, and it is inconsistent with the decision of the
U.S. Supreme Court in the Slaughterhouse Cases (which was
decided the following year, in 1873). (See the quotation above from
the Slaughterhouse Cases, in which the court emphasized that,
under the 14th Amendment, all persons born in the United
States are citizens.)
The other problem with the Van Valkenburg decision is that,
although the California court stated that there was a difference
between how the plaintiff (a white woman) became a citizen,
the court nevertheless concluded that she was a citizen of the
United States within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
“[B]y whatever means the plaintiff became a
citizen of the United States, her privileges and immunities cannot be
abridged by State laws; and this is true. The purpose and effect of
the amendment, in this respect, is to place the privileges and
immunities of citizens of the United States beyond the operation of
States legislation.”
Van Valkenburg v. Brown, 43 Cal. 43, 47 (1872).
So although an old, discredited decision from California may
distinguish between white citizens and black citizens, it is a
distinction without a difference.
Another decision often quoted by tax protesters is also from the
California Supreme Court:
“By metaphysical refinement, in examining our
form of government, it might be correctly said that there is no such
thing as a citizen of the United States. ... A citizen of any one of
the States of the Union, is held to be, and called a citizen of the
United States, although technically and abstractly there is no such
thing. To conceive a citizen of the United States who is not a
citizen of some one of the states, is total foreign to the idea, and
inconsistent with the proper construction and common understanding of
the expression used in the constitution, which must be deduced from
its various other provisions. The object then to be obtained, but the
exercise of the power of naturalization, was to make citizens of the
respective states.”
Ex parte Knowles, 5 Ca. 300, 302 (1855).
Notice the date? This decision was rendered 13 years before the
14th Amendment was ratified. Even if this opinion of the California
Supreme Court (not a federal court) was correct in 1855, it was not
correct once the 14th Amendment was ratified. See Levin v. United
States, 128 F. 826, 282 (8th Cir. 1904); Harris v. Sacramento
County, 196 P. 895, 897 (Calif. Dist. App. Ct. 1921).
Next up is a federal court decision:
“The 14th Amendment creates and defines
citizenship of the United States. It had long been contended, and had
been held by many learned authorities, and had never been judicially
decided to the contrary, that there was no such thing as a citizen of
the United States, except by becoming a citizen of some state.”
United States v. Anthony, 24 Fed.Cas. 829, 830 (N.D.N.Y.
1873).
The major problem with this quotation is that it is incomplete,
and misleading when taken out of context. See what the court said
next:
“No mode existed, it was said, of obtaining a
citizenship of the United States, except by first becoming a citizen
of some state. This question is now at rest. The fourteenth amendment
defines and declares who shall be citizens of the United States, to
wit, ‘all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof.’ The latter qualification
was intended to exclude the children of foreign representatives and
the like. With this qualification, every person born in the United
States or naturalized is declared to be a citizen of the United
States and of the state wherein he resides.”
United States v. Anthony, 24 Fed.Cas. at 830.
Reading the whole quotation, it is clear that the court was saying
what every other court had said, which is that there was some
question before the adoption of the 14th Amendment about what
“citizen of the United States” meant and how one became a
citizen, but the 14th Amendment settled the question by declaring
that every person born within the United States was a citizen of the
United States.
Tax protesters will sometimes quote a Supreme Court decision, but
the quotation is (once again) taken out of context:
“... the 14th Amendment is throughout
affirmative and declaratory, intended to ally doubts and to settle
controversies which had arisen, and not to impose any new
restriction upon citizenship.” United States v. Wong Kim
Ark, 169 U.S. 649, 687-688 (1898), (emphasis added).
Why tax protesters cite the Wong Kim Ark decision is a bit
of a mystery, because in that case the U.S. Supreme Court held that a
person born to Chinese nationals living in California was a citizen
of the United States and could not be prevented from re-entering the
United States after a visit to China. The court’ ruling was not
limited to blacks, Chinese, or any other race or nationality, the
court declaring:
“The fourteenth amendment affirms the ancient
and fundamental rule of citizenship by birth.... The amendment, in
clear words and in manifest intent includes the children born within
the territory of the United States of all other persons, of
whatever race or color, domiciled within the United States.”
169 U.S. at 693 (emphasis added).
Because the person in question was born in California, a state of
the United States, and not the District of Columbia or other “federal
area,” an implicit and explicit holding in the case is that
California is “in the United States and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof,” the court stating, “It is
impossible ... to hold that persons ‘within the jurisdiction’
of one of the states of the Union are not ‘subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States.’” 169 U.S. at 687.
The opinion in Wong Kim Ark also contradicts the claim that
the 14th Amendment created a “new” or “second
class” of citizenship. After reviewing common law decisions on
citizenship, both in England before 1776 and in the United States
before the 14th Amendment, the court concluded that the 14th
Amendment “is declaratory of existing rights, and affirmative
of existing law.” 169 U.S. at 688.
Another decision that tax protesters like to cite in favor of
their claim that “within the United States and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof” means within the District of Columbia, a
U.S. possession, or some other “federal zone” is the
decision of the Supreme Court in Hooven & Allison v. Evatt,
in which the court said:
“The term ‘United States’ may be
used in any one of several senses. It may be merely the name of a
sovereign occupying the position analogous to that of other
sovereigns in the family of nations. It may designate the territory
over which the sovereignty of the United States extends, or it may be
the collective name of the states which are united by and under the
Constitution.”
Hooven & Allison Co. v. Evatt, 324 U.S. 652, 671-2
(1945).
Tax protesters believe that the second meaning (“the
territory over which the sovereignty of the United States extends”)
does not include the states of the United States, but is limited to
the District of Columbia, the possessions of the United States, and
other “federal zones” over which Congress has “exclusive
jurisdiction.” Needless to say, there are several problems with
this bizarre reading of the court’s opinion:
The Supreme Court never said that the sovereignty of the
United States does not extend to the states of the United States. As
explained above, the courts have consistently held that “The
people of the United States resident within any State are subject to
two governments: one State, and the other National....” and
that the citizenship of the United States “owes allegiance to
two sovereigns, and claims the protection of both.” United
States v. Cruikshank, 92 U.S. 542, 549 (1876).
The Supreme Court opinion in Hooven & Allison has
a footnote citation to a Harvard Law Review article in support of
the statement that there are three meanings for “United
States.” In that article, the author was very clear in stating
that the sovereignty of the United States should be used to
designate both the territories of the United States and
the states, “sovereignty being the only thing that can be
predicated alike of States and territories.” Langdell,
‘The Status of our New Territories’, 12 Harv.L.Rev. 365,
371 (1899); cited in Hooven & Allison Co. v. Evatt, 324
U.S. at 672, note 6.
It has been uniformly held that the possessions (territories)
of the United States are not within the meaning
“United States” as used in the Constitution. This is
expressly stated in the Langdell article cited above. “It is
very important, however, to understand that the use of the term
‘United States’ to designate all territory over which
the United States is sovereign, is, like the similar use of the word
‘empire’ in England and other European countries, purely
conventional; and that it has, therefore, no legal or constitutional
significance. Indeed, this use of the term has no connection
whatever with the Constitution of the United States....” In
the Hooven & Allison decision itself, the Supreme Court held
that the Philippines (then a territory of the United States) were
not within the “United States” for purposes of
Article I, Section 10 (prohibiting states from imposing any tax on
imports or exports). Accord, Downes v. Bidwell, 182 U.S. 250,
251 (“[I]t can nowhere be inferred that the territories were
considered a part of the United States.”)
There is simply no statute or court decision in the history
of the United States in which the phrase “United States”
has ever been interpreted to refer to the possessions of the United
States to the exclusion of the states. Tax protesters desperately
want to find such a statute or decision, but it doesn’t exist.
So, the Supreme Court described three possible meanings of “United
States” in the in Hooven & Allison decision: (a) the
government of the United States, (b) the states and territories of
the United States, and (c) the states of the United States without
the territories. Both of the geographical definitions of “United
States” include the states of the United States.
To summarize:
Despite the clear language of the 14th Amendment, and the clear
court decisions declaring that all persons born in the United
States are citizens of the United States, many tax protesters
continue to claim that there are two types of citizenship, one for
whites and one for blacks. This racist argument is more than a little
disturbing. Nevertheless, although tax protesters squirm and twist
and hem and haw, the fact remains that (a) no court in the history of
the United States has ever stated that there were two different types
of U.S. citizenship, with different rights or obligations, (b) no
court since the adoption of the 14th Amendment has ever held that a
person born in a state of the United States is not a citizen of the
United States, and (c) no court in the history of the United States
has ever held that any resident of the United States can be exempt
from federal income tax by reason of a different kind of citizenship.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax only applies to the domestic income
of nonresident aliens.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
Taking quotations out of context.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
Lies and fabrications.
Legalistic gibberish.
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The federal income tax cannot apply to
wages, because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors
would be the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
The Thirteen Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, ratified after
the Civil War, states in Section 1:
“Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,
except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place
subject to their jurisdiction.”
It is an insult to every person of African descent to compare the
income tax, paid by citizens who are free to work (or not work) for
whomever they please and for whatever compensation they are able to
negotiate, to the slavery that was imposed on the Africans that were
kidnapped and brought to this country in chains, and who (and whose
descendants, for more than 100 years) were bought and sold, forced to
work back-breaking labor, whipped or beaten, and occasionally
murdered.
And the courts have recognized that taxation is not the same as
slavery.
“If the requirements of the tax laws were to be
classed as servitude, they would not be the kind of involuntary
servitude referred to in the Thirteenth Amendment.”
Porth v. Brodrick, 214 F.2d 925, 926 (10th Cir. 1954).
“The specification, that the act violates the
Thirteenth Amendment by imposing involuntary servitude upon an
employer of domestic servants, seems to us far-fetched, indeed
frivolous.”).
Abney v. Campbell, 206 F.2d 836, 841 (5th Cir. 1953), cert.
den. 346 U.S. 924 (1954).
See also, Peeples v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1986-584,
aff’d 829 F.2d 1120 (4th Cir. 1987); Beltran v.
Cohen, 303 F.Supp. 889, 893 (N.D.Calif. 1969); Ginter v.
Southern, 611 F.2d 1226 (8th Cir. 1979); Wilbert v. Internal
Revenue Service (In re Wilbert), 262 B.R. 571, 578, 88 A.F.T.R.2d
6650 (Bankr. N.D. Ga. 2001).
A taxpayer who fails to comply with the tax laws claiming that the
Internal Revenue Code violates the Thirteenth Amendment may be
assessed a 20 percent penalty under section 6662 for “negligence
or disregard of rules or regulations.” David Anthony Avery
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1999-418 (1999).
The Internal Revenue Service has therefore ruled that the argument
that the federal income tax constitutes “involuntary servitude”
is frivolous and that persons failing to file returns or pay taxes
based on that argument may face civil and criminal penalties. Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819.
The claim that “[m]andatory or compelled compliance with the
internal revenue laws is a form of involuntary servitude prohibited
by the Thirteenth Amendment” has been identified by the IRS as
a “frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
This is just plain silly. Taxes are expressly authorized by the
Constitution, and all taxes are a taking of property. As the Supreme
Court explained in 1916:
“So far as the due process clause of the 5th
Amendment is relied upon, it suffices to say that there is no basis
for such reliance, since it is equally well settled that such clause
is not a limitation upon the taxing power conferred upon Congress by
the Constitution; in other words, that the Constitution does not
conflict with itself by conferring, upon the one hand, a taxing
power, and taking the same power away, on the other, by the
limitations of the due process clause.”
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R., 240 U.S. 1, 24 (1916).
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819, the IRS confirmed that the
argument that the federal income tax violates the due process clause
of the 5th Amendment is “frivolous” and
reliance on it can result in civil and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[i]ncome taxation, tax withholding, or the
assessment or collection of tax is a ‘taking’ of property
without due process of law or just compensation in violation of the
Fifth Amendment” has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Any assessment or collection of
any tax without a court order is a violation of the due process
clause of the 5th Amendment to the Constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any tax without
a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
Any assessment or collection
of any tax without a court order is a violation of the due process
clause of the 5th Amendment to the Constitution.
This belief represents a fundamental
misunderstanding of what is meant by “due process” and
what satisfies “due process.”
“Due process” has been defined as the “opportunity
to be heard by an impartial trier of fact.” (And notice that
“opportunity” is singular and not plural, because a
single opportunity can be sufficient, with no right of appeal.)
Normally, the federal income tax is “self-assessed,”
which means that taxpayers file returns in which they determine how
much tax they owe, and the amount of tax reported by the taxpayer can
be entered as an assessment without any further notice to the
taxpayer.
If the IRS should determine that a different amount of tax is owed
because the income and deductions to which the taxpayer is entitled
are determined to be different from what is reported by the taxpayer
(as the result of an audit, for example), then the IRS must first
give the taxpayer a notice of the deficiency determined by the IRS
and the taxpayer has 90 days within which to petition the Tax Court
to challenge the deficiency. If no Tax Court petition is filed, then
the IRS can proceed to assess and collect the tax. If a Tax Court
petition is filed, then the IRS must wait until there is a decision
by the Tax Court and only after that decision, which comes after the
Tax Court has heard and considered whatever evidence the taxpayer may
be able to offer in support of the return and whatever evidence the
IRS may offer in support of the claimed deficiency, can the IRS
assess the deficiency (if any) that is approved by the Tax Court. So
there is an opportunity for due process before the IRS assesses a tax
deficiency.
Because there has been an opportunity for due process in the
assessment process, and because there are judicial remedies to
obtains refunds of taxes wrongfully collected, the
IRS may proceed to collect the tax by levy on the property of the
taxpayer without any additional court hearings or court approval once
the tax has been assessed.
Although many tax protesters object to these procedures, they are
actually identical in substance to the
procedures used in most civil lawsuits between private parties.
As far as the constitutionality of the levy is concerned, the
Supreme Court has confirmed that “The constitutionality of the
levy procedure . .. ‘has long been settled.’ “
National Bank of Commerce, 472 U.S. 713, 721 (1985).
See also, Phillips v. Commissioner, 283 U.S. 589, 595
(1931) (“Where, as here, adequate opportunity is afforded for a
later judicial determination of the legal rights, summary proceedings
to secure prompt performance of pecuniary obligations to the
government have been consistently sustained.”); Hughes v.
IRS, 62 F. Supp.2d 796, 799 (E.D.N.Y. 1999).
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819, the IRS confirmed that the
argument that the federal income tax violates the due process clause
of the 5th Amendment is “frivolous,” citing
the opinion of the Supreme Court in Phillips v. Commission
(see above), and that reliance on that argument can result in civil
and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[i]ncome taxation, tax withholding, or the
assessment or collection of tax is a ‘taking’ of property
without due process of law or just compensation in violation of the
Fifth Amendment” has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any tax without
a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
Withholding of income tax from wages
without consent and without any court order is a deprivation of
property without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
It is sometimes argued that the withholding of income tax is a
denial of due process, because the taxpayer does not have any
opportunity to contest the tax before it is withheld. This argument
is not as silly as some others, because it does seem strange that the
government can take money without any chance for the taxpayer to
challenge the taking. However, the U.S. Supreme Court has held that
in at least certain kinds of cases (such as taxes), the government
can take property without giving the owner of the property a hearing
IF the government provides an “adequate”
post-deprivation procedure to challenge the taking.
“Where, as here, adequate opportunity is
afforded for later judicial determination of the legal rights,
summary proceedings to secure prompt performance of pecuniary
obligations to the government have been consistently sustained.”
Phillips v. Commissioner, 283 U.S. 589, 595 (1931),
(sustaining procedure requiring transferees of property of
corporation to pay taxes owed by corporation without prior judicial
review).
This principle was most recently sustained by the Supreme Court in
Fuentes v. Shevin, 407 U.S. 67, 92 at n. 24 (1972),
(sustaining seizure of property involved in drug trafficking without
prior judicial review).
So the constitutionality of withholding has been uniformly upheld,
even though the taxpayer has no way to obtain a judicial review of
the withholding before it occurs.
“It is well-settled that withholding income tax
from wages does not violate the constitution.”
Beerbower v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 787 F.2d 588
(6th Cir. 1986).
See also, Edgar v. Inland Steel Co., 744 F.2d 1276 (7th
Cir. 1984); Robinson v. A & M Electric, Inc., 713 F.2d 608
(10th Cir. 1983); Stonecipher v. Bray, 653 F.2d 398 (9th Cir.
1981), cert. den. 454 U.S. 1145 (1982); Campbell v. Amax Coal.
Co., 610 F.2d 701 (10th Cir. 1979); Rowlee v. Commissioner,
80 T.C. 1111 (1983); Abney v. Campbell, 105 F. Supp. 740 (N.D.
Tex. 1952), aff’d 206 F.2d 836 (5th Cir. 1953), cert. den. 346
U.S. 924 (1954); United States v. Smith, 484 F.2d 8 (10th Cir.
1973), cert. den. 415 U.S. 978 (1974).
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819, the IRS confirmed that the
argument that the federal income tax violates the due process clause
of the 5th Amendment is “frivolous,” citing
the opinion of the Supreme Court in Phillips v. Commission
(see above), and that reliance on that argument can result in civil
and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[i]ncome taxation, tax withholding, or the
assessment or collection of tax is a ‘taking’ of property
without due process of law or just compensation in violation of the
Fifth Amendment” has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
In the same notice, the claim that “[a]n employer is not
legally obligated to withhold income or employment taxes on
employees’ wages” was also identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any
tax without a court order is a violation of the due process clause
of the 5th Amendment to the Constitution.
Any assessment or collection of any tax without
a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
You cannot be required to file an income tax
return because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th
Amendment guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against
yourself.
The 5th Amendment applies to criminal proceedings, not civil
proceedings, and collecting taxes is a civil proceeding, not a
criminal proceeding. You cannot refuse to file an income tax return
because of the 5th Amendment.
The 5th Amendment states (in part) that “No person ... shall
be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against
himself....” However, you can be compelled to testify
against yourself in a civil case. For example, O.J. Simpson could not
be compelled to testify in the criminal case against him, so he never
took the witness stand during his murder trial. But in the civil
action brought against him by the Goldman family for the same
murders, he was called to the stand by the Goldman family, required
to testify, and found financially liable for the killings.
Because the 5th Amendment does not apply to civil liabilities, the
courts have consistently ruled that you cannot refuse to file an
income tax return by reason of the 5th Amendment.
In Sullivan v. United States, 274 U.S. 259 (1927), rev’g
15 F.2d 809, the defendant had earned illegal profits from the sale
of alcohol (during Prohibition), failed to file an income tax return
reporting the illegal profits, and was convicted of willfully failing
to file an income tax return. The Circuit Court of Appeals held that
to require a return on illegally earned income would be a violation
of the 5th Amendment, but the Supreme Court reversed, holding that
illegally earned income is still taxable, and that:
“As the defendant’s income was taxed, the
statute of course required a return. [Citation omitted.] In the
decision [by the lower court] that this was contrary to the
Constitution we are of opinion that the protection of the Fifth
Amendment was pressed too far. If the form of return provided called
for answers that the defendant was privileged from making he could
have raised the objection in the return, but could not on that
account refuse to make any return at all. We are not called on to
decide what, if anything, he might have withheld. Most of the items
warranted no complaint. It would be an extreme if not an extravagant
application of the Fifth Amendment to say that it authorized a man to
refuse to state the amount of his income because it had been made in
crime. But if the defendant desired to test that or any other point
he should have tested it in the return so that it could be passed
upon. He could not draw a conjurer’s circle around the whole
matter by his own declaration that to write any word upon the
government blank would bring him into danger of the law.”
Sullivan v. United States, 274 U.S. 259, 263-264 (1927).
Federal courts have since followed the Sullivan decision in
holding that the 5th Amendment does not allow a taxpayer to refuse to
file a return:
“The statutory requirement to file an income tax
return does not violate a taxpayer’s right against
self-incrimination.”
United States v. MacLeod, 436 F.2d 947, 951 (8th Cir.
1971), cert. den. 402 U.S. 907 (1971).
“It is well settled that the Fifth Amendment
general objection [to filing a proper tax return] is not a valid
claim of the constitutional privilege.”
Betz v. United States, 753 F.2d 834, 835 (10th Cir. 1985)
“The Fifth Amendment does not serve as a defense
for failing to make any tax return....”
United States v. Stillhammer, 706 F.2d 1072, 1076-77 (10th
Cir. 1983)
“[I]t is an illegal effort to stretch the Fifth
Amendment to include a taxpayer who wishes to avoid filing a return.”
United States v. Brown, 600 F.2d 248, 251-52 (10th Cir.
1979)
“[I]t is well established that the Fifth
Amendment cannot be stretched so far as to absolve a taxpayer’s
duty to file a return.”
United States v. Irwin, 561 F.2d 198, 201 (10th Cir. 1977)
“Plaintiff next argues the filing of a return
violates his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
[Footnote omitted.] He relies on Garner v. United States, 424 U.S.
649 (1976). There, the Court held one may invoke the Fifth Amendment
as to tax returns that would incriminate one for specific non-tax
crimes, provided the privilege was claimed on the return. It does not
stand for the proposition that the Fifth Amendment provides general
protection against filing tax returns. Indeed, the Court reiterated
the long-standing principle that the Fifth Amendment is not a defense
to filing a return at all. Id. at 650, citing, United States v.
Sullivan, 274 U.S. 259 (1927). In Brennan v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, 752 F.2d 187, 189 (6th Cir. 1985), the Sixth Circuit held
the blanket assertion of the Fifth Amendment privilege as to tax
returns is a “frivolous position””
Tornichio v. United States, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-582,
KTC 1998-71 (N.D.Ohio 1998), (suit for refund of frivolous return
penalties dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing a frivolous
refund suit), aff’d 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 5248, 99-1 U.S. Tax
Cas. (CCH) ¶50,394, 83 AFTR2d ¶99-579,
KTC 1999-147 (6th Cir. 1999), (with sanctions imposed for filing a
frivolous appeal).
“Plaintiffs provided no information on the
numbered lines of their 1982 Form 1040 and provided wage and tax
statements for 1980 instead of those for 1982. They claim that the
government compelling them to provide the information requested on
the form violates their right against self-incrimination guaranteed
by the fifth amendment. This claim likewise is without merit. ...
“The Supreme Court has held that the fifth amendment privilege
against self-incrimination can be invoked only where an individual
‘is confronted by substantial and “real,” and not
merely trifling or imaginary, hazards of incrimination.’
Marchetti v. United States, 390 U.S. 39, 53, 88 S. Ct. 697, 19 L. Ed.
2d 889 (1968). See also United States v. Apfelbaum, 445 U.S. 115,
128, 63 L. Ed. 2d 250, 100 S. Ct. 948 (1980). The Eighth Circuit has
also specifically held that the privilege does not excuse a
taxpayer’s blanket refusal to answer any questions on his tax
return relating to income without some reasonable showing as to how
such disclosure could possibly incriminate him. United States v.
Daly, 481 F.2d 28 (8th Cir.), cert. denied, 414 U.S. 1064, 38 L. Ed.
2d 469, 94 S. Ct. 571 (1973). Plaintiffs’ purely hypothetical
claim does not meet this standard and thus has no basis in law. As
such, it is not a valid fifth amendment claim at all and is among
those positions taken by tax protestors that have long been labeled
‘frivolous’ by the courts.”
House v. United States, 593 F. Supp. 139, 1984 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 24565, 84-2 U.S. Tax Cas. ¶9745,
54 AFTR2d ¶5903 (D.C.
W.D.Mich. 1984).
See also, United States v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th
Cir. 1980), cert. den. 447 U.S. 925; Parker v. Commissioner,
724 F.2d 469 (5th Cir. 1984); United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d
28 (8th Cir. 1973), cert. den. 414 U.S. 164 (1973); Ueckert v.
Commissioner, 721 F.2d 248, 250 (8th Cir. 1983); United States
v. Porth, 426 F.2d 519 (10th Cir. 1970), cert. den. 400 U.S. 824;
Boomer v. United States, 755 R2d 696, 697 (8th Cir. 1985).
Having said all that, there are at least two ways in which the 5th
Amendment can be relevant to tax returns.
As the Supreme Court recognized in Sullivan, you cannot be
compelled to disclose criminal activity on a tax return. For example,
if you are sell heroin or cocaine, you are required to report your
income from your illegal sales, but you are not required to describe
your illegal activities, or provide any other information that might
incriminate you. (You could describe your income simply as “income
from sales” without describing what you are selling.) If you
choose to identify your occupation or the nature of your sales, that
information can be used against you. (In Garner v. United States,
424 U.S. 648 (1976), the defendant identified himself as a “gambler”
on his tax return, and that information was ruled to be admissible
against him in a criminal trial for illegal gambling activities.)
If you fail to file a return, or file a fraudulent return, the
government cannot compel you to testify or provide information that
could be used against you in the criminal tax case arising out of the
failure to file or the fraudulent return. In other words, the 5th
Amendment does not prevent the government from requiring you to file
a return or from prosecuting you if you fail to file, but it does
prevent the government from compelling you to provide information to
help with your own conviction after you have failed to file.
The government can compel you to provide tax records (or
testimony) that may be needed to determine your correct tax
liability. In order properly to assert a 5th Amendment privilege when
asked for tax records or tax information, a taxpayer must show that
the requested testimony would “support a conviction under a
federal criminal statute” or “furnish a link in the chain
of evidence needed to prosecute the claimant for a federal crime.”
United States v. Rendahl, 746 F.2d 553, 555 (9th Cir. 1984)
(quoting Hoffman v. United States, 341 U.S. 479, 486 (1951).
Indeed, it is enough if the responses would merely “provide a
lead or clue” to evidence having a tendency to incriminate.
United States v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.)(quoting
Hashagen v. United States, 283 F.2d 345, 348 (9th Cir. 1960)),
cert. denied, 447 U.S. 925 (1980). However, the privilege is validly
invoked only where there are “substantial hazards of
self-incrimination” that are “real and appreciable,”
not merely “imaginary and unsubstantial.” United
States v. Rendahl, 746 F.2d 553, 555 (9th Cir. 1984) (quoting
United States v. Neff, 615 F.2d 1235, 1239 (9th Cir.). See
United States v. Troescher, 99 F.3d 933, KTC 1996-523 (9th
Cir. 1996), for an example of a court applying these principles to a
refusal to respond to an IRS summmons.
However, there are some consequences to claiming the 5th Amendment
privilege that tax litigants sometimes overlook.
The rule in a criminal case is that, if a defendant asserts the
5th Amendment and refuses to testify, that refusal cannot be used
against the defendant. The same rule does not apply in tax
cases or other civil litigation. If you challenge a tax assessment by
the Internal Revenue Service and then refuse to testify on 5th
Amendment grounds, the court may assume that your testimony would
have been adverse to your position and may make inferences from your
refusal to testify, provided that there is some independent evidence
in addition to the mere invocation of the privilege upon which to
base the negative inference. Baxter v. Palmigiano, 425 U.S.
308 (1976).
A civil litigant is free to invoke his Fifth Amendment privilege
on an issue, but once invoked to oppose discovery, the privilege
cannot be tossed aside to support a party’s assertions during
trial or during summary judgment proceedings. S.E.C. v. Zimmerman,
854 F.Supp. 896 (N.D.Ga. 1993) (citations omitted). Generally then,
documents and information withheld by a party on the basis of Fifth
Amendment privilege are inadmissible to both parties at trial
and during summary judgment. A litigant thus faces the dilemma of
choosing silence or presenting a defense. United States v.
Rylander, 460 U.S. 752, 759 (1983); Williams v. Florida,
399 U.S. 78, 83-84 (1970).
In enacting an assessable penalty for “frivolous income tax
returns,” I.R.C. section 6702, Congress specifically identified
5th Amendment arguments as “frivolous” arguments, and
courts have upheld fines against tax protesters who have failed to
file income tax returns on 5th Amendment grounds.
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-19, 2005-14 I.R.B. 819, the IRS confirmed that refusing
to file a federal income tax return based on a claim of 5th
Amendment privilege is “frivolous” and can result in
civil and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[t]he Fifth Amendment privilege against
self-incrimination grants taxpayers the right not to file returns or
the right to withhold all financial information” has been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an
income tax return because that would be a violation of our 4th
Amendment rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income
tax return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment
rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.
The 4th Amendment prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures,
and requires that search warrants be supported by probable cause. But
requiring that tax returns be filed is not violation of the 4th
Amendment.
The Supreme Court has held that the requirement for filing
ordinary and reasonable returns does not violate a taxpayer’s
protection against unreasonable search and seizure under the 4th
Amendment.
“It is urged in a number of the cases that in a
certain feature of the statute there is a violation of the 4th
Amendment of the Constitution, protecting against unreasonable
searches and seizures. ... Certainly the amendment was not intended
to prevent the ordinary procedure in use in many, perhaps most, of
the states, of requiring tax returns to be made, often under oath.”
Flint v. Stone Tracy Co., 220 U.S. 107, 175 (1911).
And the lower courts have followed the Supreme Court:
“Boozer says that he was not required to file a
tax return until the Government obtained a court order requiring him
to file. This argument hinges on the assumption that 26 U.S.C.
section 6012’s directive to ‘make’ a tax return is
not a requirement to ‘file’ a tax return. Boozer
maintains that the Tax Court’s rejection of this assumption and
holding that he was required to file a tax return despite the absence
of a court order directing him to file contravened the Fourth
Amendment.
“Boozer’s argument lacks merit. We have
construed section 6012’s requirement to ‘make’ a
tax return as a requirement to ‘file’ a tax return. See
Moore v. CIR, 722 F.2d 193, 196 (5th Cir. 1984) (observing that the
taxpayer has an ‘obligation to file established by 26 U.S.C.
section 6012’); Steinbrecher v. CIR, 712 F.2d 195, 198 (5th
Cir. 1983) (per curiam) (’section 6012(a) . . . provides that
individuals meeting certain requirements shall file income tax
returns.’ (emphasis deleted)); see also In re Ripley, 991 F.2d
440, 444 n. 15 (5th Cir. 1991) (indicating that section 6651(a) is a
sanction for failing to comply with section 6012(a)). Additionally,
we have rejected as ‘without merit’ the contention that
requiring the filing of a tax return violates the Fourth Amendment.
Hallowell v. CIR, 744 F.2d. 406,408 (5th Cir. 1984). ‘[T]he
amendment was not intended to prevent the ordinary procedure . . . of
requiring tax returns to be made, often under oath.’ Flint v.
Stone Tracy Co., 220 U.S. 107, 175, 31 S. Ct. 342, 358, 55 L. Ed.
389, ____ (1911); see also White v. CIR, 72 T.C. 1126, 1130 (1979)
(‘It is further established that the requirement for filing
ordinary and reasonable returns and respondent’s inspection
thereof, does not violate a taxpayer’s protection against
unreasonable search and seizure under the Fourth Amendment.’).”
Boozer v. Commissioner, 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 22301, 99-2
U.S. Tax Cas. ¶50,836,
84 A.F.T.R.2d 6008, KTC 1999-546 (5th Cir. 1999), (imposition of
additions to tax for failing to file tax returns affirmed).
The claims that “[m]andatory compliance with, or enforcement
of, the tax laws invades a taxpayer’s right to privacy under
the Fourth Amendment” and “is an unreasonable search and
seizure contrary to the Fourth Amendment” have each been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
You cannot be required to file an income tax
return because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th
Amendment guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against
yourself.
[Return to Table of Contents]
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a
court order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The 4th Amendment to the Constitution prohibits unreasonable
searches and seizures, and requires that search warrants be supported
by probable cause. But that does not mean that the IRS cannot levy on
property in the hands of third parties, or sitting in plain sight.
In addressing the issue of whether the 4th Amendment
required the IRS to obtain a court warrant before seizing a
delinquent taxpayer’s property, the Supreme Court stated:
“The seizures of the automobiles in this case
took place on public streets, parking lots, or other open places, and
did not involve any invasion of privacy. In Murray’s Lessee v.
Hoboken Land & Improv. Co., 18 How. 272 (1856), this Court held
that a judicial warrant is not required for the seizure of a debtor’s
land in satisfaction of a claim of the United States. The seizure in
Murray’s Lessee was made through a transfer of title which did
not involve an invasion of privacy. The warrantless seizures of the
automobiles in this case are governed by the same principles and
therefore were not unconstitutional.”
G.M. Leasing Corp. v. United States, 429
U.S. 338, 351-352 (1977).
However, in the same case the Supreme Court held that a warrant
was required to seize books and records in a business office, stating
that “except in certain carefully defined classes of cases, a
search of private property without proper consent is `unreasonable’
unless it has been authorized by a valid search warrant.” 429
U.S. at 352-353.
It therefore follows that the only times the IRS needs a court
order to carry out a levy is when the IRS agents need to enter a
private home or business to carry out the seizure the property.
And that’s what the lower courts have held:
“In applying the Fourth Amendment to IRS
seizures of taxpayers’ property, the Supreme Court indicates
that the key issue is whether the seizure involves an invasion of
privacy.”
Maisano v. Welcher, 940 F.2d 499, 502-03 (9th Cir. 1991).
“Fourth Amendment case law states that a warrant
is not required for the seizure of property in satisfaction of a tax
claim by the Internal Revenue Service.”
Nelson v. Silverman, 888 F.Supp. 1041, 1046 (S.D.Cal.
1995).
“Fourth Amendment protections apply in the IRS
tax collection context only when the property sought by levy is
unobtainable without an intrusion of privacy. [Citations omitted.]
Since the Notice of Levy in this case was served on Petitioners
employer, Petitioner had no reasonable expectation of privacy and the
Fourth Amendment warrant requirement is therefore not implicated.”
James A. Marranca v. United States IRS, 2009 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 27831, No. 07-CV-859S (W.D. N.Y. 3/31/2009) (denying a petition
to quash an IRS notice of levy on wages that was served on the
petitioner’s employer).
See also, Cameron v. I.R.S., 593 F.Supp. 1540, 1554 (D.C.
Ind. 1984) (holding that no invasion of privacy occurred for Fourth
Amendment purposes where wages were “levied when neither in
plaintiff’s private possession nor subject to his private
control”).
Related topics:
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income
tax return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment
rights against unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued.
I can sue my employer for withholding taxes
without my consent.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Receipt of Federal Reserve Notes is not
“income” because Federal Reserve Notes are not lawful
money (“coins in gold or silver”) within the meaning of
the constitution.
Although tax protesters and other critics of modern banking like
to claim only gold and silver can be “money,” there is no
such limitation in the Constitution. Article I, Section 10 of the
Constitution states that “No State shall ... coin Money; emit
Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in
Payment of Debts ...,” but Article I, Section 8, Clause 5
states that Congress shall have the power “To coin Money,
regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin,” with no
mention of any restriction to gold or silver. This difference has
been clearly recognized by the U.S. Supreme Court:
“The constitutional authority of Congress to
provide a currency for the whole country is now firmly established
... By the constitution of the United States, the several states are
prohibited from coining money, emitting bills of credit, or making
anything but gold or silver a tender of payment of debts. But no
intention can be inferred from these to deny to Congress either of
these powers.... Under the power to borrow money on the credit of the
United States, and to issue circulating notes for the money borrowed,
its powers to define the quality and force of those notes as currency
is as broad as the like power over a metallic currency under the
power to coin money and to regulate the value thereof. Under the two
powers, taken together, Congress is authorized to established a
national currency, either in coin or in paper and to make the
currency lawful money for all purposes, as regards the national
government or private individuals.”
Juilliard v. Greenman, 110 U.S. 421, 446 (1884).
How do courts respond when taxpayers claim that the receipt of
federal reserve notes is not “income”?
“Plaintiffs further seek an injunction against
the Internal Revenue Service (‘IRS’) to prevent tax
collection activities on federal reserve notes, contending that
federal reserve notes are not lawful money of the United States ‘as
defined and intended by the spirit of the Constitution’ and
that Congress has violated the separation of powers doctrine by
issuing federal reserve notes which are not redeemable in coin,
thereby rendering federal reserve notes ‘counterfeit
securities.’ ... Plaintiffs are incorrect.“The
contention that paper money is illegal has been consistently
rejected. [Citations omitted.] “Congress has exercised
this power [to establish a national currency] by delegation to the
federal reserve system. 12 U.S.C. section 411. Federal reserve notes
are legal tender for all debts, including taxes. 31 U.S.C. section
392; Milam v. U.S. 524 F.2d 629 (9th Cir. 1974). The United
States Constitution, art. 1, section 10, ‘prohibits the states
from declaring legal tender anything other than gold or silver, but
does not limit Congress’ power to declare what shall be legal
tender for all debts.’ U.S. v. Rifen, 577 F.2d 1111,1112
(8th Cir. 1978). Since Congress has done so, there can be no valid
challenge to the legality of federal reserve notes. United States
v. Anderson, 584 F.2d 369, 374 (10th Cir. 1978).”
Wilson v. United States of America, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-785
(D.Col. 1998).
In United States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28 (8th Cir.
1973), the court affirmed a conviction for willfully failing to file
income tax returns, describing the argument that “the only
‘Legal Tender Dollars’ are those which contain a mixture
of gold and silver and that only those dollars may be
constitutionally taxed” as “clearly frivolous.”
See also, Guaranty Trust Co. v. Henwood, 307 U.S. 247
(1939); Norman v. Baltimore & Ohio R. Co., 294 U.S. 240
(1935); United States v. Kelley, 539 F.2d 1199 (9th Cir.
1976), cert. den. 429 U.S. 963 (1976); United States v. Wangrud,
533 F.2d 495 (9th Cir. 1976), cert. den. 429 U.S. 818; United
States v. Daly, 481 F.2d 28 (8th Cir. 1937), cert den. 414 U.S.
1064 (1973); Cupp v. Commissioner, 65 T.C. 68 (1975), aff’d
559 F.2d 1207 (3rd Cir. 1975); United State v. Porth, 426 F.2d
519 (10th Cir. 1970), cert. den. 400 U.S. 824 (1970); See also,
United States v. Condo, 741 F.2d 238, 239 (9th Cir. 1984)
(affirming criminal conviction for tax fraud and rejecting as
“frivolous” the argument that Federal Reserve Notes are
not valid currency, cannot be taxed, and are merely “debts”);
United States v. Rickman, 638 F.2d 182, 184 (10th Cir. 1980)
(affirming criminal conviction for willfully failing to file a return
and rejecting the taxpayer’s argument that “the Federal
Reserve Notes in which he was paid were not lawful money within the
meaning of Art. 1, section 8, United States Constitution”).
For more information on the federal reserve system, see Debunking
the Federal Reserve Conspiracy Theories by Edward
Flaherty.
The claim that “Federal Reserve Notes are not taxable income
when paid to a taxpayer because they are not gold or silver and may
not be redeemed for gold or silver” has been identified by the
IRS as a “frivolous position” that can result in a
penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in
certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The establishment of a “Pure Trust”
can protect income and earnings from income tax, because a trust is a
form of contract and is therefore protected from impairment by the
contract clause of the Constitution.
There are all sorts of problems with this particular piece of
nonsense.
The argument is based on Article I, Section 10, clause 1 of the
Constitution, which states that “No State shall ... pass any
... Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts....”
An immediate problem is that this clause refers to the states, and
the United States government “is not within the constitutional
prohibition which prevents states from passing laws impairing the
obligations of contracts....” Sinking Fund Cases, 99
U.S. 700, 718 (1878). See also, New York v. United States, 257
U.S. 591, 601 (1922); Legal Tender Cases, 79 U.S. 457, 549-551
(1870).
Another problem is that the imposition of a tax is usually not
considered to be an “impairment” of a contract.
The idea that a tax impairs a contract was first rejected by the
U.S. Supreme Court in Providence Bank v. Billings, in which
the plaintiffs complained that a tax on banks imposed by the state of
Rhode Island was an “impairment” of the charter granted
by the state to the bank. After noting that there was nothing in the
charter that expressly limited the power of Rhode Island to tax the
bank, Chief Justice Marshall pointed out that:
“If the power of taxation is inconsistent with
the charter, because it may be so exercised as to destroy the object
of which the charter is given; it is equally inconsistent with every
other charter, because it is equally capable of working the
destruction of the objects for which every other charter is given. If
the grant of a power to trade in money to a given amount, implies an
exemption of the stock in trade from taxation, because the tax may
absorb all the profits; then the grant of any other thing implies the
same exemption; for that thing may be taxed to an extent which will
render it totally unprofitable to the grantee. Land, for example,
has, in many, perhaps in all the states, been granted by government
since the adoption of the constitution. This grant is a contract, the
object of which is that the profits issuing from is shall enure to
the benefit of the grantee. Yet the power of taxation may be carried
so far as to absorb these profits. Does this impair the obligation of
the contract? The idea is rejected by all; and the proposition
appears so extravagant, that it is difficult to admit any resemblance
in the cases.”
Providence Bank v. Billings, 29 U.S. 514, 562 (1830).
Chief Justice Marshall recognized that, if this particular
contract were exempt from tax, then all contracts must be exempt from
tax, which would lead to the conclusion that almost nothing could be
taxed because almost everything is created or acquired by contract in
one way or another.
Later Supreme Court decisions have also recognized that the
taxation of contractual transactions, or the profits from contracts,
is not the same as an impairment of the contract within the meaning
of the Constitution.
“Authorities from numerous sources are cited by
the plaintiffs, but none of them show that a lawful tax on a new
subject, or an increased tax on an old one, interferes with a
contract or impairs its obligation, within the meaning of the
Constitution, even though such taxation may affect particular
contracts, as it may increase the debt of one person and lessen the
security of another, or may impose additional burdens upon one class
and release the burdens of another, still the tax must be paid unless
prohibited by the Constitution, nor can it be said that it impairs
the obligation of any existing contract in its true legal sense.”
North Missouri Railroad v. Maguire, 87 U.S. (Wall) 46, 61
(1873).
(Although a tax may be an impairment of a contract if the state
itself is under a contractual obligation not to impose the tax. See,
e.g., North Missouri Railroad v. Maguire, supra.)
And, even if a tax on trust income could be considered an
“impairment” of the trust contract, it could only be an
impairment of an existing contract. Trusts that have been
created after the enactment of the income tax could still be
taxed because the tax was in place before the trust was created.
And tax protesters are not just wrong about the constitutionality
of the income tax as applied to trusts, but also ignore (or attempt
to evade) a number of other issues.
In many cases, tax protesters have attempted to assign their own
wages or salaries to trusts, claiming that the income is the income
of the trust and not the wage earner’s. This violates a
fundamental principle of taxation, which is that earned income
(wages, salaries, and other compensation for services) is always
taxable to the person that earned the income, and any attempt to
assign income before it is earned will be ineffective for income tax
purposes even though valid under state law. Lucas v. Earl, 281
U.S. 111 (1930); United States v. Bayse, 410 U.S. 441 (1937).
There are also specific statutory rules in the Internal Revenue
Code that require the grantor of a trust to report and pay taxes on
the income of trusts created by the grantor for his or her own
benefit, or if the grantor continues to control the income of the
trust. So, for example, section 677 of the Internal Revenue Code
states that the grantor shall be considered to be the owner of any
trust for federal income tax purposes (meaning that the trust is
disregarded) if the grantor continues to receive the income from the
trust, or the income is accumulated for possible distribution to or
for the benefit of the grantor (or the grantor’s spouse). See
United States v. Krall, 835 F.2d 711, 714 (8th Cir.
1987); United States v. Buttorff, 761 F.2d 1056, 1060-61 (5th
Cir. 1985); Vnuk v. Commissioner, 621 F.2d 1318 (8th Cir.
1980); Rev. Rul. 75-257, 1975-2 C.B. 251.
Furthermore, income is ordinarily taxed to the person who earned
it, and tax liability may not be shifted by assigning the income to
another person. Commissioner v. Culbertson, 337 U.S. 733,
739-740 (1949); Helvering v. Eubank, 311 U.S. 122 (1940);
Lucas v. Earl, 281 U.S. 111 (1930). The taxpayer is taxable on
assigned income even if the income is paid directly to a trust.
Wheeler v. United States, 768 F.2d 1333 (Fed. Cir. 1985);
Saunders v. Commissioner, 720 F.2d 871 (5th Cir. 1983);
Armantrout v. Commissioner, 67 T.C. 996 (1977), aff’d,
570 F.2d 210 (7th Cir. 1978). So assignments of wages and salaries to
a trust are not valid for federal income tax purposes.
But most tax protesters do not lose in court because they are
wrong about the Constitution or the Internal Revenue Code. Most lose
because the courts will simply not recognize a trust that has no real
economic existence. The courts have held that a trust will be
considered a “sham” and disregarded for federal income
tax purposes if the creation of the trust has no real economic effect
and alters no economic relationships, and that this rule applies even
if the trust is recognized under state law. See, for example, Zmuda
v. Commissioner, 73 T.C. 1235, 1241 (1982), aff’d
731 F.2d 1417 (9th Cir. 1984); Holman v. United States, 728
F.2d 462 (10th Cir. 1984); O’Donnell v. Commissioner,
726 F.2d 679 (11th Cir. 1984); Hanson v. Commissioner, 696
F.2d 1232 (9th Cir. 1983), affg. T.C. Memo. 1981-675; Schulz v.
Commissioner, 686 F.2d 490 (7th Cir. 1982), affg. T.C. Memo.
1980-568; Vnuk v. Commissioner, 621 F.2d 1318 (8th Cir. 1980),
affg. T.C. Memo. 1979-164; Wesenberg v. Commissioner, 69 T.C.
1005 (1978); Markosian v. Commissioner, 73 T.C. 1235 (1980).
This rule applies regardless of whether the entity has a separate
existence recognized under state law (see Furman v. Commissioner,
45 T.C. 360 (1966), affd. per curiam 381 F.2d 22 (5th Cir.
1967)), and regardless of the form of the entity, such as a trust or
common law business trust. See Zmuda v. Commissioner, 731 F.2d
1417 (9th Cir. 1984). In all these cited cases, “family trusts”
were set up using forms, materials, and step-by-step instructions
bought from promoters of trust schemes, and the parties attempted to
avoid all income taxes by transferring both their properties and
their future earnings to the trusts, which they then controlled as
trustees, and from which they were entitled to all the income. As is
typical of “pure” or “constitutional” trusts,
the taxpayers claimed to transfer title to the income and property to
the trust, but as a practical matter the taxpayers continue to use
the property and spend the income, making it very easy for the courts
to find that the trust is a “sham” and “without
real economic effect” and to disregard the existence of the
trust.
Because of all of these defects in the claims of tax protesters,
the courts are very tired of claims relating to “common law
trusts.” In Dahlstrom v. United States, T.C. Memo.
1991-264, the Tax Court not only imposed tax deficiencies upon the
taxpayers (who also promoted and sold seminars and tax shelters
advocating the use of trusts to avoid income taxes) for all of the
income for all of their trusts, but also affirmed the imposition of a
penalty for civil fraud.
The Internal Revenue Service has issued a notice (Notice 1997-24)
and a new publication (“Too Good to be True Trusts,”
Publication 2193)
for taxpayers warning them of these kinds of “abusive trust
arrangements,” and has announced increasing the enforcement
staff assigned to detect and prosecute these kinds of fraud. As a
result of these increased efforts, the IRS reported 31 convictions
for trust-related tax frauds during fiscal 2000 and 45 convictions
during fiscal 2001. See “Summary
of Abusive Trust Schemes” prepared by the Criminal
Investigation division of the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS has
also ruled that taxpayers cannot avoid taxes by assigning their
incomes to trusts, or by claiming deductions for “fiduciary
fees,” and that taxpayers relying on those assignments or
deductions may incur civil or criminal penalties. Rev.
Rul. 2006-19, 2006-15 IRB 1.
The claim that “[t]axation of income attributed to a trust,
which is a form of contract, violates the constitutional prohibition
against impairment of contracts” has been identified by the IRS
as a “frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
In the same notice, the claim that “[a] taxpayer may avoid
tax on income by attributing the income to a trust, including the
argument that a taxpayer can put all of the taxpayer’s assets
into a trust to avoid income tax while still retaining substantial
powers of ownership and control over those assets or that a taxpayer
may claim an expense deduction for the income attributed to a trust,
or similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2006-19,
2006-15 I.R.B. 749” was also identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Income taxes can be avoiding by forming a
“corporation sole” or other tax-exempt charitable
organization.
Lies and fabrications.
Legalistic gibberish.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right
to withhold taxes from the government until the government has
answered a “petition for the redress of grievances.”
This is an argument touted by the “We the People
Foundation,” and it rests entirely on one sentence in a
communication from the Continental Congress to the Province of Quebec
that was written before the Declaration of Independence:
“If money is wanted by Rulers who have in any
manner oppressed the people, they may retain it until their
grievances are redressed; and thus peaceably procure relief, without
trusting to despised petitions or disturbing the public tranquility.”
“Appeal to the Inhabitants of Quebec” (1774), Journals
of Continental Congress, Volume I, pages 105-113.
However, this at least somewhat novel argument by “We
the People” was rejected in federal court, the court stating:
“Plaintiffs contend that they therefore have a
constitutional right to a response to the petitions they have filed
with the various defendants, and that defendants have committed
constitutional torts against plaintiffs in failing to respond to
their petitions. See Pl. Opposition to Def. Motion to Dismiss (‘Pl.
Opp.’) at 9-10. The Supreme Court, however, has held that ‘the
First Amendment does not impose any affirmative obligation on the
government to listen, to respond or, in this context, to recognize
the association and bargain with it.’ See Smith v. Ark. State
Highway Employees, Local 1315, 441 U.S. 463, 465 (1979). Plaintiffs’
claims that the defendants are obligated to ‘properly’
respond to plaintiffs’ petitions shall thus be dismissed for
failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted.”
We the People Foundation for Constitutional Education, Inc. v.
United States, 2005 TNT 174-17, No. 04-1211 (U.S.D.C. D.C.
8/31/2005), affirmed 2007 TNT 90-9, No.
05-5359 (D.C. Cir. 5/8/2007). In affirming the dismissal of the
suit, the D.C. Circuit stated:
“We agree with the Government that the
Anti-Injunction Act precludes plaintiffs’ second claim --
related to collection of taxes. [Citation omitted.] In asserting that
claim, plaintiffs seek to restrain the Government’s collection
of taxes, which is precisely what the Anti-Injunction Act prohibits,
notwithstanding that plaintiffs have couched their tax collection
claim in constitutional terms.”
We the People Foundation, Inc. v. United States, 2007 TNT
90-9, No.
05-5359 (D.C. Cir. 5/8/2007). The court also reached the merits
of the constitutional issue as it related to non-tax grievances,
stating that:
“Plaintiffs contend that the First Amendment
guarantees a citizen’s right to receive a government response
to or official consideration of a petition for redress of grievances.
Plaintiffs’ argument fails because, as the Supreme Court has
held, the First Amendment does not encompass such a right. See Minn.
State Bd. for Cmty. Colls. v. Knight, 465 U.S. 271, 283, 285
(1984); Smith v. Arkansas State Highway Employees, 441 U.S.
463, 465 (1979).”
We the People Foundation, Inc. v. United States, 2007 TNT
90-9, No.
05-5359 (D.C. Cir. 5/8/2007).
The claim that “[a] taxpayer may withhold payment of taxes
or the filing of a tax return until the Service or other government
entity responds to a First Amendment petition for redress of
grievances” has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right
to withhold taxes from the government that are used for wars or other
purposes that violate the religious beliefs of the taxpayer.
I include this argument with some reluctance, because there are
many very sincere people, with very deep-felt religious beliefs, who
refuse to pay taxes that support wars, and I do not like lumping them
together with the delusional misfits who make the other arguments
included in this FAQ. However, the IRS has included the 1st
Amendment argument in its list of frivolous arguments, and it is a
question that often asked, so it is included in this FAQ.
The possibility of objecting to the payment of taxes on religious
grounds was pretty much eliminated by the U.S. Supreme Court in
United States v. Lee, 455 U.S. 252, 261 (1982), which the
court upheld the constitutionality and uniform application of the
Social Security Act, which requires employers to withhold social
security taxes from employees’ wages, even when such
withholding conflicts with an employer’s or employee’s
religious or other beliefs.
“Although we do not doubt the sincerity of
petitioner’s religious convictions, we conclude that his legal
arguments are without merit. It is well settled that the collection
of tax revenues for expenditures that offend the religious beliefs of
individual taxpayers does not violate the Free Exercise Clause of the
First Amendment.”
Jenkins v. Commissioner, 2007 TNT 46-8, No. 05-4756 (2nd
Cir. 3/7/2007) (affirming a Tax Court decision against a Quaker,
including the imposition of a $5,000 penalty for frivolous
arguments).
See also, Browne v. United States, 176 F.3d 25 (2d Cir.
1999) (holding that taxpayers cannot withhold the portion of their
taxes which they calculate will be allocated for military purposes);
Adams v. Commissioner, 170 F.3d 173 (3d Cir. 1999) (holding
that the government need not accommodate taxpayers whose religious
beliefs lead them to oppose military funding); United States v.
Ramsey, 992 F.2d 831, 833 (8th Cir. 1993) (holding that the First
Amendment does not afford a right to avoid federal income taxes on
religious grounds); Jenney v. United States, 755 F.2d 1384
(9th Cir. 1985) (holding that taxpayers cannot withhold taxes based
on conscientious objection to war); Lull v. Commissioner, 602
F.2d 1166, 1169 (4th Cir. 1979).
The position that “the First Amendment permits a taxpayer to
refuse to pay taxes based on religious or moral beliefs” has
been identified by the IRS as “frivolous” in Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883 (4/2/2007). So taking a position on a
tax return, or asking for a collection due process hearing, to assert
religious beliefs could result in a penalty of $5,000. (Although the
IRS has to give the person an opportunity to withdraw the return or
submission before it can impose the penalty.)
There may be a difference between (a) refusing to pay a tax as an
act of civil disobedience (i.e., without claiming that penalties
should not apply) and (b) claiming that the first amendment allows
you to refuse to pay the tax without penalty (which the IRS says is
frivolous). But refusing to pay a tax as an act of conscientious
objection, without claiming any constitutional or other legal support
for the objection, could be a willful refusal to pay the tax, would
could as a misdemeanor by up to one year in jail and a $25,000 fine.
26 U.S.C. 7203. However, it is difficult to find any case in which
the government has criminally prosecuted someone who has refused to
pay because of religious beliefs.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
Income taxes can be avoiding by forming a
“corporation sole” or other tax-exempt charitable
organization.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Any assessment or collection of any tax
without a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
Not at all, and for at least three different reasons.
The 7th Amendment states:
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be
preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise re-examined
in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of the
common law.
Notice the words “suits at common law”? Those words
have a very specific meaning, which is to the system of judge-made
law that arose in England (and is still used in England and every
state of the United States except Louisiana--which has a “civil
law” tradition based on French and not English law). In England
at the time the 7th Amendment to the Constitution was written and
ratified, “suits at common law” meant civil lawsuits (not
criminal actions) for the recovery of monetary damages because of
personal injuries, damage to property, or breach of contract. It did
not include actions “in equity” for injunctions or
other “specific relief” not requiring the payment of
money (because actions “in equity” were traditionally
decided by a judge without a jury) or to legal actions created by
statute (because the legislature in creating the new legal action
could specify whether or not a jury trial was required).
Because there was no right to challenge tax collection by a “suit
at common law,” the 7th Amendment does not apply, and this has
been confirmed by the Supreme Court in Wickwire v. Reinecke,
275 U.S. 101 (1927), and Phillips v. Commissioner, 283 U.S.
589 (1931).
The Supreme Court has also stated that there is no 7th Amendment
right to a jury trial in civil litigation against the United States
because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. McElrath v. United
States, 102 U.S. (12 Otto) 426, 440 (1880); see also Atlas
Roofing Co. v. OSHRC, 430 U.S. 442, 450-51 (1977); Lehman v.
Nakshian, 453 U.S. 156, 160 (1981) (“It has long been
settled that the Seventh Amendment right to trial by jury does not
apply in actions against the Federal Government.” ).
So there is no constitutional (or statutory) right to a trial by
jury in Tax Court. Coleman v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 68 (7th
Cir. 1986); Parker v. Commissioner, 724 F.2d 469, 472 (5th
Cir.1984); Funk v. Commissioner, 687 F.2d 264, 266 (8th
Cir.1982).
Several Circuit Courts have also ruled that the denial of jury
trial in Tax Court is constitutional because the taxpayer has a
choice. If the taxpayer really wants a trial by jury, the taxpayer
can pay the disputed tax and then sue for a refund in federal
District Court, where a trial by jury is allowed. The taxpayer
therefore has a choice of remedies, and the Constitution does not
require that both choices include the right to a trial by
jury. See, Olshausen v. Commissioner, 273 F.2d 23 (9th Cir.
1959), cert. denied, 363 U.S. 820 (1960).
Related topics:
Any assessment or collection of
any tax without a court order is a violation of the due process
clause of the 5th Amendment to the Constitution.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
The United States does not have “standing”
to enforce the federal tax laws.
Standing is a real legal issue, and it has a constitutional
dimension because the judicial power granted to federal courts by
Article III of the Constitution extends only to “cases,”
which the Supreme Court has interpreted to be limited to
“justiciable” controversies between parties with specific
legal rights at issue.
The Supreme Court has therefore stated that
“the standing question is whether the plaintiff has ‘alleged
such a personal stake in the outcome of the controversy’ as to
warrant his invocation of federal-court jurisdiction and to justify
exercise of the court's remedial powers on his behalf.”
Warth
v. Seldin, 422 U.S. 490, 498-499 (1975), quoting Baker v.
Carr, 369 U. S. 186, 204 (1962).
Exactly how the United States could lack standing in a tax case is
completely inexplicable given the obvious interest of the government
in collecting tax revenues, and yet some (apparently desperate)
taxpayers have actually made that claim.
The primary proponent of this argument is an author named Marc
Stevens, and he claims to have helped a taxpayer present this issue
in a court proceeding opposing the enforcement of an IRS summons.
Unfortunately, the taxpayer lost.
“In response to the petition [to enforce the IRS
summons], Mr. Edwards has filed four motions. The first is a motion
to strike the petition for lack of standing, arguing the IRS has not
alleged a justiciable controversy. The motion lacks merit as the
Court clearly has jurisdiction and the IRS has authority to enforce
its summons as described by congress under the provisions of 26
United States Code 7402 and 7604 and as affirmed by the United States
Supreme Court in the case we've been discussing all afternoon, United
States versus Powell, 379 U.S. 48, 1964.”
United States v. Marc Edwards, No. 2:05-cv-00141-WFD (D.
Wyo. 8/26/2005) (transcript of oral ruling), aff'd, No.
05-8085 (10th Cir. 3/27/2006) (arguments including the “lack
of standing on the part of the government” rejected as
“patently frivolous”; $6,000 in sanctions imposed for
frivolous appeal), cert. den., No. 06-917 (U.S.S.C. 2006).
In a case in which a disgruntled taxpayer had been using various
filings to try to block IRS collection efforts, as well as retaliate
against IRS employees, the court stated quite broadly that:
“Without reference to any particular formulation
of an injunction standard, courts have viewed the United States as
having proper standing to seek injunctive relief from any actual, or
threatened, interference with the performance of its proper
governmental functions.”
United States v. Lerch, 82 AFTR2d Par. 98-5370, 98 TNT
193-32, KTC 1998-415, No. 1:97-CV-0035 (N.D. Ind. 1998).
In an appeal of a suit by the United States to reduce tax
assessments to judgment and enforce a tax lien on real property, the
10th Circuit held that the United States had standing to
bring the suit under 26 U.S.C. § 7403 and 28 U.S.C. § 1345.
United States v. Dawes, 2005 TNT 234-9, No. 04-3454 (10th
Cir. 12/5/2005), aff’ng 2003 TNT 175-18, KTC 2003-334, No.
03-1132 (U.S.D.C. D.Kan. 8/6/2003) (“The plaintiff [United
States of America] possesses standing to sue under 28 U.S.C. section
1345....”).
No published decision has yet been found which suggests in any way
that the United States might lack standing to enforce the federal
tax, or to prosecute criminal violations of the tax laws.
Related topics:
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
Statutory Fallacies
Many tax protester arguments are not based on a claim that the
Internal Revenue Code is unconstitutional, but that it is not a law
or is somehow written in such a way as to be inapplicable or
unenforeceable. These arguments often look like constitutional
arguments (and are sometimes argued so badly that it difficult to
tell whether the argument is constitutional or statutory), but are
somewhat different.
The Internal Revenue Code is not law.
The arguments that the Internal Revenue Code is not a valid
statute are all strange, and take several different forms.
One form of argument is simply that the Internal Revenue Code was
never enacted. This is easily disproved by checking the records of
the U.S. Congress. The Internal Revenue Code of 1954 was passed by
both houses of Congress as House Resolution 8300, and was signed by
President Eisenhower on August 16, 1954, at about 9:45 a.m., becoming
Public Law 83-591, 68A Stat. 3. The Internal Revenue Code is now
known as the “Internal Revenue Code of 1986” as a result
of changes made by Public Law 99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (10/22/1986).
More recent amendments to the Internal Revenue Code (as well as other
public laws) can be found on-line through the “Thomas”
web site maintained by the Library of Congress.
A brief note about citations to statutes: Public Laws are
numbered consecutively within each session of Congress, each session
lasting two years. The Congress that convened in January of 2001 was
the 107th, so the first bill passed by that Congress and signed by
the President was P.L. 107-1, the second was P.L. 107-2, and so
forth. All public laws are published in the U.S. Statutes at Large,
usually abbreviated “Stat.”, so a citation to “68A
Stat. 3” refers to page 3 of volume 68A of the U.S. Statutes at
Large. The U.S. Statutes at large can be found at most law libraries,
so the text of the original Internal Revenue Code of 1954, and
published proof of its enactment, can be found at any law library
with a copy of the U.S. Statutes at Large.
The other argument is more subtle and more complicated. Many of
the statutes of the United States have been “codified,”
or reorganized into more orderly collections of statutes known as the
“United States Code,” which is divided by subject matter
into “titles.” As part of this codification, many
statutes that were enacted separately have been reenacted together as
part of the United States Code, so that the Code itself became
“positive law.” For example, the statutes relating to
federal courts have been organized and reenacted as Title 28 of the
United States Code. So, when referring to a provision of Title 28, it
is usually not necessary to worry about when or how it was enacted;
all you need to do is refer to the right section of Title 28. For
convenient reference, the Internal Revenue Code has been published as
Title 26 of the United States Code but, technically speaking, has
never been enacted as part of the United States Code. This is
explained in the printed volumes of the United States Code, which
states that Title 26 is evidence of the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, but that Title 26 itself is not “positive
law,” even though the revenue laws enacted by Congress (such as
Public Law 83-591 enacted in 1954, or Public Law 99-514 enacted in
1986), all of which can be found in the U.S. Statutes at Large, are
“positive law.”
The distinction between Title 26 of the United States Code and
“positive law” is purely technical and would never be
important to anyone unless the U.S. Government Printing Office made a
typographical error in printing Title 26 of the United States Code,
so that the United States Code did not accurately reflect the revenue
laws enacted by Congress. If a typographical error did occur, then
the courts would look to the U.S. Statutes at Large to determine the
text of the relevant statute, instead of Title 26 of the United
States Code.
So, the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have been enacted
by Congress as positive law, and the fact that the Internal Revenue
Code as not been reenacted or codified as part of the United States
Code is irrelevant.
What do the courts say about tax protester claims to the contrary?
“Indeed, as we have repeatedly held, the entire
Internal Revenue Code was validly enacted by Congress and is fully
enforceable.”
United
States v. McDonald, 919 F.2d 146, 90 TNT 246-11, No. 88-5239
(9th Cir. 11/26/1990); United States v. Studley, 783 F.2d 934,
940 (9th Cir. 1986).
“Congress’s failure to enact a title [of
the United States Code] into positive law has only evidentiary
significance and does not render the underlying enactment invalid or
unenforceable. See 1 U.S.C. § 204(a) (1982), (the text of
titles not enacted into positive law is only prima facie evidence of
the law itself). Like it or not, the Internal Revenue Code is the
law, and the defendants did not violate Ryan’s rights by
enforcing it.”
Ryan v. Bilby, 764 F2d 1325, 1328 (9th Cir. 1985).
“The petitioner’s argument that the
Internal Revenue Code was not enacted by Congress is equally
meritless. The Internal Revenue Code of 1954 was enacted by the 83rd
Congress on August 16, 1954 (ch. 736, 68A Stat. 3) and has been
amended by Congress with some frequency since that time.”
Urban v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1991-220, affd. per
curiam, 964 F.2d 888 (9th Cir. 1992).
“In his opposition, Plaintiff asserts that
‘Title 26 U.S.C. (including section 6321) has not been enacted
into positive law, and is not the law, but is only prima facie
evidence of the law.’ ... Congress’ failure to enact a
title into positive law has only evidentiary significance and does
not render the underlying enactment invalid or unenforceable. See 1
U.S.C. section 204(a). ‘Like it or not, the Internal Revenue
Code is the law’. [Citations omitted] Plaintiff’s
positive law argument is without merit.”
Bilger v. United States, 87 AFTR2d ¶2001-468,
No. CIV F 00-6486 OWW JLO (U.S.D.C. E.D.Ca. 1/9/2001).
“On appeal he [Scott] makes the same arguments
advanced and rejected countless times in tax protestor litigation,
such as that the Tax Code is not binding “positive law,”
and wages are exempt from taxation because they are not income.
[Citations omitted] Needless to say, these contentions do not state a
claim against the United States, let alone support a lien against its
agents.”
United States v. Scott, 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 16877; 99-2
U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) P50,745; 84 A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 5342, (7th Cir.
1999).
“Similarly frivolous is his claim that a summons
could not be issued because title 26 has not been enacted into
‘positive law.’”
United States v. Hooper, 1995 U.S. App. LEXIS 38246; 76
A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 8026, 1995 WL 792039 at *1 (9th Cir. 1995).
“Finally, we reject as frivolous Kolchev’s
remaining contentions asserting that his wages are not taxable
income, see 26 U.S.C. § 61, that notices of deficiency may only
be issued to government employees, [citation omitted], that the IRS
code is not enforceable because it has not been enacted into positive
law, [citation omitted], and that the Commissioner lacked delegated
authority to issue the notice of deficiency, [citation omitted].”
Kolchev v. Commissioner, 1995 U.S. App. LEXIS 2683; 75
A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 839, (9th Cir. 1995).
“The appellant’s argument regarding the
validity of Title 26 is frivolous. The validity of Title 26 is not
affected merely because it has not been codified as ‘positive
law’.”
Hackett v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 933 (6th Cir. 1986).
“The claim that Title 26 was not enacted into
‘positive law,’ has been rejected as ‘frivolous,’
‘baseless,’ ‘specious,’ and ‘preposterous.’
[Citations omitted]”
United States v. Maczka, 957 F.Supp. 988, 991 (W.D.Mich.
1996).
See also, United States v. Zuger, 602 F.Supp. 889, 891-92
(D. Conn. 1984) (‘holding that the failure of Congress to enact
a title as such and in such form into positive law . . . in no way
impugns the validity, effect, enforceability, or constitutionality of
the laws as contained and set forth in the title’ and
describing argument as “specious”), aff’d. without
op., 755 F.2d 915 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 474 U.S. 805 (1985); Young
v. Internal Revenue Service, 596 F.Supp. 141, 149 (N.D.Ind. 1984)
(asserting that ‘even if Title 26 was not itself enacted into
positive law, that does not mean that the laws under the title are
null and void’ and referring to the “positive law”
argument as “preposterous”); United States v. Cooper,
170 F.3d 691 (7th Cir. 1999); United States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d
499, 500 (7th Cir. 1991), cert. den. 112 S.Ct. 940 (1992); Coleman
v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 68, 70 (7th Cir. 1986); Lovell v.
United States, 755 F.2d 517, 519 (7th Cir. 1984); Sullivan v.
United States, 788 F.2d 813, 815 (1st Cir. 1986); Sloan v.
United States, 621 F.Supp. 1072, 1076 (N.D.Ind.1985) (litigants
advancing ‘frivolous’ arguments such as assertions that
the Internal Revenue Code is not positive law subjected to sanctions
under Rule 11, FED. R. CIV. P.), aff’d in part and appeal
dismissed, 812 F.2d 1410 (7th Cir.1987) (table); United States v.
McLain, 597 F.Supp.2d 987, 994, n. 6 (D. Minn. 2009) (“[W]hile
McLain is technically correct in arguing that Title 26 is merely
prima facie evidence of the law, the distinction is largely academic
because the relevant sections of Title 26 are identical to the
relevant sections of the Internal Revenue Code.”).
The claim that “[t]he Internal Revenue Code is not law (or
‘positive law’)” has been identified by the IRS as
a “frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
Technically correct, but irrelevant. Section 61 of the Internal
Revenue Code defines “gross income,” from which taxable
income is calculated, as “all income from whatever source
derived” and gives a number of examples of the types of income
included in “gross income” in section 61, including
compensation for services (i.e., wages, salaries, and other forms of
earned income).
This is typical of many if not most (or all) taxing statutes,
which describe the thing being taxed using words that have fairly
well understood meanings to the average person (and lawyers), but
which are themselves fairly difficult to define in a concise and
authoritative way. For example, it can be as difficult to define what
is meant by “property” as it is to define what is meant
by “income,” and yet the Internal Revenue Code imposes
taxes on transfers of “property” without ever defining
what is meant by “property.” Section 2501 imposes a tax
on “on the transfer of property by gift,” but there is no
definition of “property” or “gift.”
Similarly, section 2101 imposes a tax on a decedent’s “taxable
estate” which, like “taxable income,” is computed
by taking the “gross estate” and subtracting deductions
for debts, estate administration expenses, and charitable and marital
gifts. The “gross estate” is defined to include “all
property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, wherever
situated,” but there is no definition of what is meant by
“property.”
The United States Supreme Court has not hesitated to interpret the
word “income,” and has stated that Congress intended to
impose the income tax on “undeniable accessions to wealth,
clearly realized, and over which the taxpayers have complete
dominion,” with no restriction as to “source.”
Commissioner v.
Glenshaw GlassCo., 348 U.S. 426, 431 (1955).
Courts have therefore not been impressed with arguments about the
need for a statutory definition of “income.”
“Upon review of May’s amended petition, we
find no allegations of fact which could give rise to a valid claim;
rather, the complaint merely contains conclusory assertions attacking
the constitutionality of the Internal Revenue Code and its
application to the taxpayer.[Footnote omitted.] Tax protest cases
like this one raise no genuine controversy; the underlying legal
issues have long been settled. See, e.g., Abrams, 82 T.C. at
406-07 (citing cases rejecting similar arguments). Because May’s
petition raised no justiciable claims, the Tax Court properly
dismissed the petition for failure to state a claim.”
May v. C.I.R., 752 F.2d 1301, 1302 (8th Cir. 1985), (among
other things, May’s amended complaint alleged that “The
Respondent has totally erred in its determination of ‘income’
when no definition of ‘income’ appears in the Internal
Revenue Code. No basis exists for this improper determination of
‘income’ by the Respondent.” 752 F.2d at 1304, note
3).
“Plaintiff argues he is entitled to relief
because the Code does not define income. The United States, however,
is correct that “income” is afforded its every day usage
as any gain derived from capital, labor, or both combined. See United
States v. Richards, 723 F.2d 646, 648 (6th Cir. 1983). In
addition, the Code explicitly defines “gross income”,
from which taxable income is computed, as including compensation for
services, i.e., wages.”
Tornichio v. United States, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-582,
KTC 1998-71 (N.D.Ohio 1998), (suit for refund of frivolous return
penalties dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing a frivolous
refund suit), aff’d 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 5248, 99-1 U.S. Tax
Cas. (CCH) ¶50,394,
83 AFTR2d ¶99-579,
KTC 1999-147 (6th Cir. 1999), (with sanctions imposed for filing a
frivolous appeal).
“In April of 1995, Dr. Ahee filed two form 1040
federal individual income tax returns for the years 1990 and 1991.
Each of these returns were filed with all entries completed ‘0,’
except the 1990 return demanded the $6,440 refund (presumably for
taxes paid in 1989). Attached to these returns was a two paged typed
addendum in which Dr. Ahee stated that he was not required to pay
taxes. [...] Appellant avers that since the Code does not define
income, he did not know that monies he received were income, so he
violated the Code, if at all, in good faith. While it is true that
the ‘general term income is not defined in the Internal Revenue
Code,’ all of the monies received by Dr. Ahee clearly meet the
definitions found in IRC section 61. [United State v.] Ballard, [535
F.2d 400 (8th Cir. 1976)] 535 F.2d, at 404. The money he received as
compensation for patient services falls squarely within IRC section
61(a)(1): ‘Compensation for services, including fees,
commissions, fringe benefits, and similar items.’”
United States v. Ahee, 2001 U.S. App. LEXIS 2706, 87 AFTR2d
¶2001-523, No.
99-1991 (6th Cir. 2/15/2001), (criminal conviction for willfully
filing false returns affirmed).
Related topics:
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the
word “income” is not defined.
The Internal Revenue Code cannot define
“income” because it is a term used in the Constitution
and Congress cannot modify the Constitution by statute.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Internal Revenue Code cannot define
“income” because it is a term used in the Constitution
and Congress cannot modify the Constitution by statute.
There is some truth to this and, as explained above, the Internal
Revenue Code does not define “income.” “Gross
income” (which is the beginning point to determine what is
“taxable income”) is defined as “income from
whatever source derived,” but “income” itself is
not defined.
The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly held that Congress intended
to tax everything within the Constitutional meaning of “income,”
and so the Internal Revenue Code taxes “all gains except those
specifically exempted.” Commissioner
v. Glenshaw Glass Co., 348 U.S. 426, 429-431 (1955);
Commissioner v. LoBue, 351 U.S. 243, 246 (1956).
The problem with this argument is not that there are limits on the
Congressional power to define “income,” but that tax
protesters cannot convince any court that their wages (or other
incomes) are not “income” within the meaning of the 16th
Amendment.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of the
income is first determined.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the word
“income” is not defined.
The Internal Revenue Code does not
define “income.”
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because
wages represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages are not income.
As unbelievable as it might sound, some tax protesters simply
think that the income tax doesn’t apply to wages.
Section 61(a) of the Internal Revenue Code says that “gross
income” (which is the starting point for determining “taxable
income”) means “all income from whatever source derived,
including (but not limited to) the following items: (1) Compensation
for services, including fees, commissions, fringe benefits, and
similar items....”
Sometimes the claim is that “compensation for services”
is not the same as “wages.” Sometimes the claim is that
“wages” are not the same as “gain” or
“profit.” (See the discussion below
on the claim that wages represent an equal, nontaxable exchange of
labor for money.) Sometimes the claim is something else.
Regardless of the rationale, the result is always the same: Wages are
income.
Consider these statements by the United States Supreme Court:
“[T]he earnings of the human brain and hand when
unaided by capital ... are commonly dealt with as income in
legislation.”
Stratton’s Independence, Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S.
399, 415 (1913).
“There is no doubt that the statute could tax
salaries to those who earned them....”
Lucas v. Earl, 281 U.S. 111, 114 (1930).
“[The tax code] is broad enough to include in
taxable income any economic or financial benefit conferred on the
employee as compensation, whatever the form or mode by which it is
effected.”
C.I.R. v. Smith, 324 U.S. 177 (1945).
“Wages usually are income ....”
Central Illinois Public Serv. Co. v. United States, 435
U.S. 21, 25 (1978).
“[T]he premise that personal injury awards
cannot involve gain is obviously false, since they often are intended
in significant part to compensate for the loss of gain, e. g., lost
wages. (Citation omitted.) Since the gain would have been income,
surely at least that part of a personal injury award that replaces it
must also be income.”
Lukhard v. Reed, 481 U.S. 368, 375 (1987), (plurality
opinion of Justice Scalia, joined by Rehnquist, White, and Stevens,
Blackmun concurring in the result; footnote omitted).
“The definition of gross income under the
Internal Revenue Code sweeps broadly. Section 61(a), 26 U.S.C. 61(a),
provides that ‘gross income means all income from whatever
source derived,’ subject only to the exclusions specifically
enumerated elsewhere in the Code. As this Court has recognized,
Congress intended, through 61(a) and its statutory precursors, to
exert ‘the full measure of its taxing power,’ [citation
omitted] and to bring within the definition of income any
‘accessio[n] to wealth.’ [citation omitted] There is no
dispute that the settlement awards in this case [for ‘back
wages’ to compensate for sex discrimination] would constitute
gross income within the reach of 61(a).”
United States v. Burke, 504 U.S. 229, 233 (1992). Later in
the same opinion, the Supreme Court referred to the compensation
received by the taxpayers as “the wages properly due them -
wages that, if paid in the ordinary course, would have been fully
taxable.” 504 U.S. at 241.
“It [I.R.C. section 104, relating to
compensation for personal injuries] also excludes from taxation those
damages that substitute, say, for lost wages, which would have been
taxed had the victim earned them.”
O’Gilvie v. United States, 519 U.S. 79 (1996).
“Even if we suppose that strike benefits are
made to compensate in a sense for the loss of wages, the principle of
payments in compensation does not apply because the thing compensated
for, the wages, had they been received, would have been included in
gross income.”
United States v. Kaiser, 363 U.S. 299, 311 (1960).
“It was therefore error to instruct the jury to
disregard evidence of Cheek’ s understanding that, within the
meaning of the tax laws, he was not a person required to file a
return or to pay income taxes and that wages are not taxable income,
as incredible as such misunderstandings of and beliefs about the
law might be.”
Cheek v. United States, 498 U.S. 192, 204 (1991), (emphasis
added).
Then there are the decisions of the Circuit Courts:
“Every court which has ever considered the issue
has unequivocally rejected the argument that wages are not income.”
United States v. Connor, 898 F.2d 942, 943-944 (3rd Cir.
1990).
“In our view, petitioner’s wages are
taxable as gross income...”
Beard v. Commissioner, 793 F.2d 139, 140 (6th Cir. 1986),
aff’g 82 T.C. 766 (1984);
“Wages are taxable income,” and arguments
to the contrary are ‘“patently frivolous.’”
Perkins v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 746 F. 2d
1187, 1188 (6th Cir. 1984), affg. T.C. Memo. 1983-474; ; Beerbower
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 787 F.2d 588 (6th Cir.
1986).
“Wages are income, and the tax on wages is
constitutional.”
Coleman v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 68 (7th Cir. 1986),
citing United States v. Thomas, 788 F.2d 1250 (7th Cir. 1986);
Lovell v. United States, 755 F.2d 517 (7th Cir. 1984); Granzow
v. Commissioner, 739 F.2d 265, 267 (7th Cir. 1984);
“Although not raised in his brief on appeal, the
defendant’s entire case at trial rested on his claim that he in
good faith believed that wages are not income for taxation purposes.
Whatever his mental state, he, of course, was wrong, as all of us are
already aware. Nontheless, the defendant still insists that no case
holds that wages are income. Let us now put that to rest: WAGES ARE
INCOME. Any reading of tax cases by would-be tax protesters now
should preclude a claim of good-faith belief that wages--or
salaries--are not taxable.”
United States v. Koliboski, 732 F.2d 1328, 1329 n.1 (7th
Cir. 1984), (emphasis in original; convictions for criminal failures
to file affirmed).
“[W]e have [repeatedly] held that wages are
within the definition of income under the Internal Revenue Code and
the Sixteenth Amendment, and are subject to taxation.”
Denison v. Commissioner, 751 F.2d 241, 242 (8th Cir.1984)
(per curiam), cert. denied, 471 U.S. 1069, 105 S.Ct. 2149, 85 L.Ed.2d
505 (1985); United States v. Gerads, 999 F.2d 1255 (8th Cir.
1993), cert. den. 510 U.S. 1193 (1994).
“Furthermore, § 61(a) of the Code defines
gross income as ‘all income from whatever source derived,
including . . . compensation for services.’ In sum, the
sixteenth amendment authorizes the imposition of a tax upon income
without apportionment among the states, and under the statute, the
term ‘income’ includes the compensation a taxpayer
receives in return for services rendered. Taxpayers’ argument
that wages received for services are not taxable as income is clearly
frivolous.”
Funk v. Commissioner, 687 F.2d 264, 265 (8th Cir. 1982),
affirming T.C. Memo. 1981-506.
“Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes
a tax on income, and under the Tax Code, wages are income.”
Grimes v. Commissioner, 806 F.2d 1451, 1453 (9th Cir.
1986).
“Compensation for labor or services, paid in the
form of wages or salary, has been universally held by the courts of
this republic to be income, subject to the income tax laws currently
applicable.”
United States v. Romero, 640 F.2d 1014, 1016 (9th Cir.
1981).
“Irrefutably, wages earned in compensation for
services are “income” pursuant to the federal tax laws.”
Boubel v. United States, 86 AFTR2d ¸2000-5123, No.
1:99-cv-380 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Tenn. 6/22/2000).
“[I]f anything in our tax law is clear, it is
that: ‘WAGES ARE INCOME.’ ... [A]ny contention to the
contrary is patently frivolous....”
Hill v. United States, 599 F. Supp. 118, 120-22 (M.D. Tenn.
1984), (emphasis in original), (quoting United States v. Koliboski,
732 F.2d 1328, 1329 n.1 (7th Cir. 1984)).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (5) wages are not income....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“[P]laintiff’s claim that wages are not
subject to taxation has been so soundly rejected that plaintiff has
risked the imposition of sanctions by raising this argument at all.”
Fuselier v. United States, 63 Fed. Cl. 8 (2004).
“[W]ages are indeed income subject to taxation.”
Hamzik v. United States, 92 AFTR 2d 2003-5743, KTC 2003-497
(Fed.Cls. 2003).
“No reasonable person could seriously think
that, for example, the revenue laws can be avoided, and the
government’s tax collection efforts can be brought to a
standstill by the contention that wages are not income.”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 56 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
See also, Wilson v. United States, 412 F.2d 694, 695 (1st
Cir. 1969); Schiff v. Commissioner, 751 F.2d 116, 117 (2d Cir.
1984); Commissioner v. Mendel, 351 F.2d 580, 582 (4th Cir.
1965); Simmons v. United States, 308 F.2d (4th Cir. 1962);
Lonsdale v. Commissioner, 661 F.2d 71, 72 (5th Cir. 1981);
United States v. Burton, 737 F.2d 439 (5th Cir. 1984); Capps
v. Eggers, 782 F.2d 1341 (5th Cir. 1986); Sizemore v. United
States, 797 F.2d 268, 271 (6th Cir. 1986); United States v.
Ware, 608 F.2d 400 (10th Cir. 1979); United States v. Woodall,
255 F.2d 370, 372 (10th Cir. 1958), cert. den. 358 U.S. 824 (1958);
Simanonok v. Commissioner, 731 F.2d 743, 744 (11th Cir. 1984);
Sauers v. Commissioner, 771 F.2d 64, 66 (3d Cir. 1985), affg.
T.C. Memo. 1984-367; Connor v. Commissioner, 770 F.2d 17, 20
(2d Cir. 1985); Biermann v. Commissioner, 769 F.2d 707, 708
(11th Cir. 1985); Waters v. Commissioner, 764 F.2d 1389, 1389
(11th Cir. 1985); Knighten v. Commissioner, 702 F.2d 59, 60
(5th Cir. 1983).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
So where do tax protesters get the idea that wages might not be
income? Often from a series of incomplete and misleading quotations
from irrelevant cases.
“It is to be noted that, by the language of the
Act, it is not salaries, wages, or compensation for personal services
that are to be included in gross income. That which is to be included
is gains, profits, and income derived from salaries, wages, or
compensation for personal services.” Lucas v. Earl, 281
U.S. 111 (1930).
The above quotation is not from the opinion of the Supreme
Court, but is one of the arguments made by the taxpayer, who lost.
(Older reports of Supreme Court decisions printed summaries of the
arguments of the parties before the text of the court’s
opinion.) The Supreme Court ruled against the taxpayer, holding that
the taxpayer was liable for the tax on his salary and stating that
“[t]here is no doubt that the statute could tax salaries to
those who earned them....” 281 U.S. at 114.
“There is a clear distinction between ‘profit’
and ‘wages’ or compensation for labor. ‘Compensation
for labor’ can not be regarded as profit within the meaning of
the law. The word ‘profit’ as ordinarily used, means the
gain made upon any business or investment--a different thing
altogether from mere compensation for labor.” Oliver v.
Halstead, 196 Va. 992, 86 S.E.2d 859 (1955).
This is not a federal decision, but a decision of the Virginia
Supreme Court. It is also not a tax decision, but a decision
interpreting Virginia’s nonprofit corporation law.
Specifically, the issue before the court was whether compensation
paid to an employee of the corporation was a private “profit”
prohibited by the state’s nonprofit corporation law. The court
held that a payment of compensation for labor is not the same as a
“profit” from the corporation. This is completely
different from the question of whether the payment is taxable income
to the employee. (Another decision sometimes cited by tax protesters
is Lauderdale Cemetery Assoc. v. Mathews, 345 Pa. 239 (1946),
which is a similar decision under Pennsylvania’s nonprofit
corporation laws.)
“One does not ‘derive’ income by
rendering services and charging for them.” Edwards v. Keith,
231 F. 110, 113 (2d Cir. 1916).
The quotation is deceptive, because it omits a critical sentence
appearing earlier in the same paragraph:
“But no instructions of the Treasury Department
can enlarge the scope of this statute so as to impose the income tax
upon unpaid charges for services rendered and which, for aught any
one can tell, may never be paid.”
Notice the word “unpaid”? The taxpayer had not yet
received any payment for the services rendered. The issue before the
court was not whether payment for services rendered was
income, but whether the IRS could impose a tax on income that had not
yet been received (which it couldn’t under the tax law as it
then existed).
“Congress has taxed income, not compensation.”
Conner v. United States, 803 F.Supp. 1187, 1191 (S.D. Tex.
1969), aff’d on this issue, 439 F.2d 974 (5th Cir. 1971).
The issue in that case was whether insurance proceeds received by
the taxpayer after the destruction of his home should be considered
taxable income. That case has nothing to do with wages or
compensation for labor.
“Income within the meaning of the Sixteenth
Amendment and the Revenue Act, means ‘gain’... and in
such connection ‘Gain’ means profit...proceeding from
property, severed from capital, however invested or employed, and
coming in, received, or drawn by the taxpayer, for his separate use,
benefit and disposal....”
Stapler v. United States, 21 F.Supp 737 at 739.
This is often cited as a decision of the Supreme Court, but it was
actually a decision of a District Court (the lowest level of the
federal court system), and the decision related to the issue of
whether a landlord realized income when a tenant makes improvements
to the leased property, and had nothing to do with wages or other
compensation for labor. See Helvering v. Bruun, 309 U.S. 461,
466, n. 6 (1940). The most common version of this “quotation”
that appears on tax protester web sites includes a final sentence,
“Income is not a wage or compensation for any type of labor.”
This sentence of the “quotation” does not appear in the
published opinion, which makes no mention whatsoever of “wages”
and is a fabrication.
“We must reject … the broad contention
submitted in behalf of the Government that all receipts—everything
that comes in—are income within the proper definition of ‘gross
income....’”
Southern Pacific Co. v. Lowe, 247 U.S. 330, 335 (1916).
Even taking this (partial) quotation at face value, so what? The
general statement that “not
everything that comes in is gross income” doesn’t tell
you what is or is not gross income, or whether compensation for labor
is gross income.
But let’s look at the full quote and the context of the
decision. What the court actually said was:
“We must reject in this case, as we have
rejected in cases arising under the Corporation Excise Tax Act of
1909 [citations omitted], the broad contention submitted in behalf of
the government that all receipts—everything that comes in—are
income within the proper definition of the term ‘gross income,’
and that the entire proceeds of a conversion of capital assets, in
whatever form and under whatever circumstances accomplished, should
be treated as gross income.”
247 U.S. at 335 (emphasis added).
The court was dealing with a variation of an issue that had come
up before, which is that a return of capital is not income. When you
sell an asset, the “income” is not the gross purchase
price, but the gain, which is the difference between what you bought
it for and what you’re selling it for.
The exact issue before the court was whether a dividend that was
paid out of profits earned before March 1, 1913 (which was the
effective date of the Revenue Act of 1913), was income when the
dividend was received later in 1913. The court held that the profits
earned before that date were not subject to tax and had become a form
of capital, and that a distribution of capital is not income even if
the distribution takes the form of a dividend.
And that is still the law today. Section 316(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code defines a “dividend” that is subject to
income tax as a distribution by a corporation to its shareholders out
of its earnings and profits earned during the year or out of earnings
and profits accumulated after February 28, 1913. Corporations
sometimes pay out amounts that are dividends under state law but that
exceed earnings and profits and are considered a return of capital
and not taxable as dividends under the Internal Revenue Code.
And Southern Pacific Co. v. Lowe was not really a
constitutional decision, but one of statutory construction on the
meaning of “income” in the Revenue Act of 1913. The 16th
Amendment does not limit Congress to taxing only “income,”
and the Supreme Court has, in other cases decided before the
ratification of the 16th Amendment, upheld the
constitutionality of taxes on gross receipts as lawful excises. See,
for example, Spreckels Sugar Refining Co. v. McClain, 192 U.S.
397 (1904) (excise on gross receipts from refining sugar); Nicol
v. Ames, 172 U.S. 509 (1899) (excise based on gross sale prices
in an exchange or board of trade). A recent opinion of the Circuit
Court of the District of Columbia upheld the constitutionality of
taxing damages received on account of non-physical injuries on the
grounds that, even if the amounts received were not “income”
in the constitutional sense, the imposition of the tax was still
constitutional as an excise. See Murphy v. I.R.S., 493 F.3d
170, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 7/3/2007), vacating 460 F.3d 79 (8/22/2006).
The fact of the matter is that there are no cases
holding that wages are not income subject to tax. Not one. Claims to
the contrary are based on quotations out of context, fabrications,
and wishful thinking.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Even if my wages are gross income, I can
deduct the full amount of the wages as a “claim of right”
and not have any taxable income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
Taking quotations out of context.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Lies and fabrications.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages are not “income” because
wages represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
The fundamental premises are all wrong.
As explained above, it is difficult to
describe “labor” as a form of property when labor is, by
definition, something that has not yet been done.
More importantly, “gain” is not the difference in the
values of what is exchanged, it is the difference between the
cost of what is given up and the value of what is
received. For example, suppose I buy stock for $10 per share on the
New York Stock Exchange. The stock is freely traded and, based on the
other trades that day, I can show that the stock was worth $10 per
share when I bought it. Some time goes by, and the stock is now
trading at $50 per share. If I sell the stock at fair market value,
do I have taxable gain? Of course I do, and the gain is $40, which is
the difference between what I paid for the stock and what I sold it
for.
Any other result would mean that almost nothing would be taxable
income, because almost all transactions (other than gifts, mistakes,
or frauds) are based on fair market value.
To illustrate, suppose I lend the federal government $95 in
exchange for its promise to pay $100 in six months’ time. This
promise is usually called a “Treasury bill.” I can show
that similar Treasury bills were selling that day for $95, so the
Treasury bill I got was worth the same $95 I paid for it. After six
months, similar Treasury bills are trading for $100 and I return (or
sell) the Treasury bill and get $100. Do I have income? Of course.
The extra $5 I received is interest income even though when I
returned the Treasury bill it was worth $100.
The Supreme Court has therefore stated that the income tax applies
to all “undeniable accessions to wealth, clearly realized, and
over which the taxpayers have complete dominion.” Commissioner
v. Glenshaw Glass Co., 348 U.S. 426, 431 (1955)). (The
requirement that accessions to wealth be “realized” means
that increases in the value of assets are not taxed to the owner as
capital gains until the asset is sold.)
So, if I sell my own labor for $100, I must calculate the gain
based on the difference between what I paid for my own labor
(not what it is worth) and what I receive for it. Because I
paid nothing for my own labor, everything I receive is income.
Looking at it another way, if I start the week with no money, am
paid $100 for my labor, and end the week with $100, I am $100 richer
than I was at the beginning of the month. That $100 gain is an
“undeniable accession to wealth” (in the words of the
Supreme Court), and therefore income.
The argument that _ would also be inconsistent with an opinion of
the Supreme Court in 1913. Addressing an argument that a mine owner
should be allowed to deduct as a form of depreciation the value of
the ore that is in the ground before it is extracted, the Supreme
Court stated:
“As to the alleged inequality of operation
between mining corporations and others, it is of course true that the
revenues derived from the working of mines result to some extent in
the exhaustion of the capital. But the same is true of the earnings
of the human brain and hand when unaided by capital, yet such
earnings are commonly dealt with in legislation as income.”
Stratton’s Independence, Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S.
399, 415 (1913).
So, even if human time and effort could be considered a kind of
“capital,” the compensation for that capital has still
been considered a form of income throughout history.
And so the federal courts have uniformly and repeatedly rejected
the claim that compensation for labor is an exchange that does not
result in income.
“The taxpayer next argues that wages are not
income but an exchange of property. As money is property and labor is
property, so his argument goes, his work for wages is a non-taxable
exchange of property. Wrong again. Wages are income. See, e.g.,
Schiff v. Commissioner, 751 F.2d 116, 117 (2d Cir. 1984). The
argument that they are not has been rejected so frequently that the
very raising of it justifies the imposition of sanctions.”
Connor v. Commissioner, 770 F.2d 17, 20 (2nd Cir. 1985),
(the court not only ruled against the taxpayer, but also imposed
sanctions of $2,000 for making a frivolous appeal).
“Appellant’s contention that the amounts
he received from his employers constituted an equal, nontaxable
exchanges of property rather than taxable income is clearly without
merit. This court specifically rejected this argument in United
States v. Lawson, 670 F.2d 923, 925 (10th Cir. 1982), as did the
Tax Court in Rowlee v. Commissioner, 80 T.C. 1111, 1119-22
(1983).... Merely raising the argument that value received for labor
does not constitute taxable income, but rather constitutes a
nontaxable exchange of property, justifies the imposition of
sanctions.”
Casper v. Commissioner, 805 F.2d 902, 906 (10th Cir. 1986).
“According to Buras, income must be derived from
some source. Wages cannot be taxed because the wage earner enjoys no
gain from that source. Since the wage earner exchanges his labor and
personal time for its equivalent in money, he derives no gain and
therefore cannot be taxed. ... Appellant’s argument is refuted
by one of the cases he cites. In Stratton’s Independence,
Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S. 399, 415, 34 S.Ct. 136, 140, 58 L.Ed.
285 (1913), the Court did define income as gain derived from labor.
The Court went on to explain, however, that ‘the earnings of
the human brain and hand when unaided by capital’ are commonly
treated as income.”
United States v. Buras, 633 F.2d 1356, 1361 (9th Cir.
1980).
“Furthermore, Olson’s attempt to escape
tax by deducting his wages as ‘cost of labor’ ...
illustrate the frivolous nature of his position. This court has
repeatedly rejected the argument that wages are not income as
frivolous....”
Olson v. United States, 760 F.2d 1003, 1005 (9th Cir.
1985).
“DeMoss contends that the compensation he
received from his employers is not taxable because his basis in his
labor is equal to the amount of compensation he received. The tax
court properly rejected this frivolous contention. See Carter v.
Commissioner, 784 F2d 1006, 1009 (9th Cir. 1986); Olson v.
United States, 760 F.2d 1003, 1005 (9th Cir. 1985).”
DeMoss v. Commissioner, 1995 U.S. App. LEXIS 2672, 75
A.F.T.R.2d 841 (9th Cir. 1995), (unpublished; sanctions imposed for
filing a frivolous appeal).
“Appellant’s second argument is that his
compensation in exchange for labor is property, not income. ...
Again, he is wrong. The Third Circuit unequivocally has stated that
‘wages are income within the meaning of the Sixteenth
Amendment.’ United States v. Connor, 898 F.2d 942, 944
(3rd Cir. 1990). The Third Circuit then warned that ‘[u]nless
subsequent Supreme Court decisions throw any doubt on this
conclusion, we will view arguments to the contrary as frivolous,
which may subuect the party asserting them to appropriate sanctions.’
Id. Such authority is neither cited nor found, and appellant’s
arguments will be dismissed as frivolous. Wages are income.”
Angstadt v. Internal Revenue Service, 84 AFTR2d ¸99-5455,
1999 WL 820866, at 2 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Pa. 1999).
“[Peth] states that the income taxes are
directed to taxable gain. Because he receives a paycheck for his
labor, and because the paycheck is equal to the fair market value of
his labor, he argues there is no gain. No court has ever accepted
this argument for the purpose of determining taxable income. Indeed,
it has always been rejected. For once and for all, wages are taxable
income.”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 53 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
“Even if wages are, in effect, an exchange of
equal value for value, they are nevertheless taxable income. Rowlee
v. Commissioner, 80 T.C. 1111, 1121-1122 (1983); Rice v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1982-129. And even if we apply section
1001 to determine petitioner’s gain, his basis is defined under
sections 1011 and 1012 as his cost, not fair market value. Since he
paid nothing for his labor, his cost and thus his basis are zero.
Rice v. Commissioner, supra. Consequently, even under section
1001, his taxable income from his labor is his total gain reduced by
nothing, i.e., his wages. ... Petitioner’s argument fails for
the same reason that other protesters’ arguments fail; the
worker’s cost for his services--and thus his basis--is zero,
not their fair market value.”
Talmage v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1996-114, aff’d
101 F.3d 695 (4th Cir. 1996).
“Petitioner submitted to the Internal Revenue
Service documents purporting to be 1995 and 1996 Federal income tax
returns. The documents reported petitioner’s compensation
earned in each year and then deducted the equivalent amount as
‘Property (money) exchanged for property (labor not subject to
tax).” ... The only dispute that petitioner raised with respect
to the amounts of compensation is his frivolous arguments that his
wages are not taxable. These arguments, as petitioner was advised in
the District Court order, citing United States v. Studley, 783
F.2d 934, 937 (9th Cir. 1986), have been consistently and thoroughly
rejected and may be the basis for sanctions.”
Wheelis v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-102, 2002 TNT
74-14, (sanctions of $10,000 imposed for frivolous arguments raised
primarily for delay); aff’d 2003 TNT 108-7, No. 02-73119 (9th
Cir. 5/16/2003).
“In effect, Ms. Sumter attempts to claim that
the deduction (her total salary) was a necessary expense for the
production of that same salary. She provides no support or credible
justification for her untenable position. Ms. Sumter tries to cite
case law in support of her “even exchange” argument;
however, none of the cases she cites justify her position. In fact,
the cases are contrary to her .position. [Discussion of cases
omitted] Thus, courts have clearly rejected the “even exchange”
argument, which erroneously asserts that no taxes are owed on
employment wages, since the income from the services rendered was a
fair market value and, therefore, no profit or gain occurred as a
result of the work performed.”
Sumter v. United States, 61 Fed. Cl. 517, 518 (2004).
“[A] review of the pleadings indicates that Mr.
Ledford bases his entitlement to this relief on his view that the
federal tax code does not tax compensation received for personal
labor. Mr. Ledford’s view of the tax law is mistaken, as the
tax code quite plainly defines income to include amounts received in
compensation for services rendered. 26 U.S.C. § 61(a) (2000)
(“[G]ross income means all income from whatever source derived
including (but not limited to) the following items: (1) Compensation
for services, including fees, commissions, fringe benefits, and
similar items . . . .”). Indeed, every court that has
considered the matter has found this argument to be wholly without
merit -- so much so that merely raising it is considered
sanctionable.”
Ledford v. United States, 297 F.3d 1378, 1381, 2002 TNT
153-6, No. 02-5027 (Fed. Cir. 8/6/2002).
See also, Brown v. U.S., 35 Fed. Cl. 258, 269 (1996)
(explaining that Lonsdale v. Comm’r of Internal Revenue,
661 F.2d 71 (5th Cir. 1981) rejected the “even exchange”
argument), aff’d, 105 F.3d 621 (Fed. Cir.), reh’g denied
(1997); Granzow v. Commissioner, 739 F.2d 265, 267 (7th Cir.
1984).
The claim that “[w]ages, tips, and other compensation
received for the performance of personal services are not taxable
income or are offset by an equivalent deduction for the personal
services rendered, including an argument that a taxpayer has a “claim
of right” to exclude the cost or value of the taxpayer’s
labor from income or that taxpayers have a basis in their labor equal
to the fair market value of the wages they receive,” or similar
arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2004-29, 2004-12 I.R.B. 627, or Rev. Rul. 2007-19, 2007-14
I.R.B. 843, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Although the “equal exchange” argument has been
rejected soundly by every court to have ever considered it, it got an
unexpected (and indirect) boost from the D.C. Circuit Court of
Appeals in 2006.
The issue before the D.C. Circuit was the taxation of a
compensatory damages received from a former employer for “emotional
distress and loss of reputation” arising out of certain
wrongful actions taken by her former employer. She first reported the
damages as part of her gross income, but then filed an amended return
claiming a refund for the income tax on the damages and, when the IRS
denied the refund, she sued for a refund in federal district court,
alleging that the taxation of the compensatory damages was
unconstitutional. The district court ruled for the government but, on
appeal, a three-judge panel of the circuit court reversed the
district court and held that the inclusion of the damages in gross
income was unconstitutional. Murphy v. I.R.S., 460 F.3d 79,
2006 TNT 163-6, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 8/22/2006), vacated and reversed on rehearing,
493 F.3d 170, 2007 TNT 129-4, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 7/3/2007).
The issue arose because in 1996 Congress had amended I.R.C.
section 104(a)(2), which excludes amounts received as damages for
personal injuries or sickness, by changing “personal injuries”
to “personal physical injuries” and expressly providing
that “emotional distress” is not a physical injury or
physical sickness. Before the amendment, damages to personal
reputation and emotional distress had both been treated as “personal
injuries” and so damage awards for those kinds of injuries had
been excluding from income.
The Court of Appeals looked at the history of the tax treatment of
compensation for personal injuries, including the provisions of the
Revenue Act of 1918, which was enacted only five years after the
ratification of the 16th Amendment, as well as the
available evidence as to the meaning of “income” at the
time of the ratification of the 16th Amendment, and
concluded that “damages received solely in compensation for a
personal injury are not income within the meaning of that term in the
Sixteenth Amendment.”
“First, as compensation for the loss of a
personal attribute, such as well-being or a good reputation, the
damages are not received in lieu of income. Second, the framers of
the Sixteenth Amendment would not have understood compensation for a
personal injury -- including a nonphysical injury -- to be income.
Therefore, we hold § 104(a)(2) unconstitutional insofar as it
permits the taxation of an award of damages for mental distress and
loss of reputation.”
460 F.3d at 88.
Criticism from law professors, lawyers, and other legal
commentators was immediate, and severe. See, for example, the
commentaries on the TaxProf
Blog. The most obvious problem with the court’s opinion is
that it never addressed, and apparently ignored or misunderstood, the
problem of basis. As the court’s opinion noted:
“[T]he Government challenges the coherence of
Murphy’s analogy between a return of ‘human capital or
well-being’ and a return of ‘financial capital,’
the latter of which it acknowledges does not constitute income under
the Sixteenth Amendment. The Government first observes that financial
capital, like all property, has a ‘basis,’ defined by the
IRC as ‘the cost of such property,’ 26 U.S.C. §
1012, adjusted ‘for expenditures, receipts, losses, or other
items, properly chargeable to [a] capital account,’ id. §
1016(a)(1); thus, when a taxpayer sells property, his income is ‘the
excess of the amount realized therefrom over the adjusted basis.’
Id. § 1001(a). The Government then observes that ‘[b]ecause
people do not pay cash or its equivalent to acquire their well-being,
they have no basis in it for purposes of measuring a gain (or loss)
upon the realization of compensatory damages.’ Nor is there any
corresponding theory of ‘human depreciation,’ which would
permit ‘an offsetting deduction for the exhaustion of the
taxpayer’s physical prowess and mental agility.’ Finally,
the Government points to the Ninth Circuit’s dictum in Roemer
v. Commissioner, 716 F.2d 693 (1983), suggesting that ‘[s]ince
there is no tax basis in a person’s health and other personal
interests, money received as compensation for an injury to those
interests might be considered a realized accession to wealth.’
Id. at 696 n.2.”
460 F.3d at 87 (citations omitted).
The government filed a petition for rehearing and the original
three-judge panel must have realized that it made a mistake because
it vacated its own decision on 12/22/2006 and ordered a new briefing
schedule. After re-argument, the three-judge panel held that the
damages for non-physical injuries were subject to income tax, and the
tax was constitutional, but did so in a very strange away. Apparently
unwilling to admit it made a mistake, the judges did not re-address
the issue of whether compensation for non-physical personal injuries
is “income,” but instead concluded that the damage award
was nevertheless included in “gross income” as defined by
I.R.C. section 61(a) (based mainly on the fact that, if the award was
not gross income then the amendment to section 104 would have no
effect) and the tax on the award is constitutional whether or not it
is “income” because the tax is within the general
Congressional power to tax and is not a “direct tax” but
an “excise.” Murphy v. I.R.S., 493 F.3d 170, 2007
TNT 129-4, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 7/3/2007), vacating 460 F.3d 79, 2006 TNT
163-6, No.
05-5139 (D.C. Cir. 8/22/2006).
Although the court vacated it’s earlier decision, it did not
repudiate the reasoning in its earlier opinion on “human
capital,” so tax protesters could still try to extend the
reasoning of the original opinion to deny that wages and salaries are
income, even though compensation for personal injuries is very
different from wages and salaries.
One taxpayer has made a “human capital” argument, and
was sanctioned by both the Tax Court and the Sixth Circuit Court of
Appeals:
“In an attachment, entitled ‘Formal Tax
Return Protest With Memorandum of Law,’ the petitioners argued
that a portion of their wages was not taxable under the Sixteenth
Amendment because it was a return on human capital, i.e., the ‘human
machine.’ [....]“[W]e reject the argument that
wages are not completely taxable because they are a return on human
capital. This is a variation on an argument repeatedly rejected by
courts that wages are not income because they are in equal exchange
for labor.”
Gary Boggs et ux. v. Commissioner, 569 F.3d 235 (6th Cir.
2009) (affirming sanctions of $10,000 imposed by the Tax Court and
imposing additional sanctions of $8,000 imposed for a frivolous
appeal).
The Murphy decision should therefore not lead to any
serious constitutional challenges to the taxation of wages, salaries,
and other forms of compensation for services. As the Supreme Court
noted in 1913, the same year that the 16th Amendment was
ratified:
“[T]he earnings of the human brain and hand when
unaided by capital ... are commonly dealt with in legislation as
income.”
Stratton’s Independence, Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S.
399, 415 (1913).
No federal court is ever going to reach a different result.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to wages, because
that would be a “direct tax” that must be apportioned in
accordance with the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Wages are not income.
Even if my wages are gross income, I can
deduct the full amount of the wages as a “claim of right”
and not have any taxable income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Even if my wages are income, I can
deduct the ordinary costs of living in order to calculate the gain
from my labor.
This is a more subtle variation on the “wages
are a nontaxable exchange” argument, except that in this
one, the tax protester is trying to establish a “cost”
(or “basis”) for his labor in order to reduce the gain.
The analogy that is sometimes drawn by tax protesters is that of a
farmer who owns a horse to work on his farm. The horse must be fed
and sheltered, and so the costs of feeding the horse and maintaining
the stable are deductible in calculating the profits of the farmer.
Just like a horse must be fed and sheltered, and human laborer must
be fed and sheltered in order to be able to work, and so the costs of
living should be deductible for a laborer.
The problem with the horse analogy is that the farmer can choose
whether or not to own a horse, and so choose whether or not to feed a
horse. Can a human laborer choose whether or not to eat? If a human
being requires approximately the same amount of food and shelter
regardless of whether or not working, then the costs of the costs of
food and shelter are not the costs of producing income but simply the
same costs of living that everyone incurs whether or not they are
working.
And Congress has provided for the basic “cost of living”
through the personal exemption, which is the same for every person,
whether or not working.
Only one court decision has been found that squarely addresses
this issue:
“One’s gain, ergo his ‘income,’
from the sale of his labor is the entire amount received therefor
without any reduction for what he spends to satisfy his human needs.”
Reading v. Commissioner, 70 T.C. 730, 734 (1978), affd. 614
F.2d 159 (8th Cir. 1980). In affirming, the 8th Circuit
adopted the “well-reasoned decision of the Tax Court” and
specifically rejected the argument that “by disallowing
deductions for those [living or family] expenses, Congress exceeded
its authority to lay and collect income taxes under the 16th
Amendment, and that income means the gain or income received less the
expense of living.” 614 F.2d at 160.
Related topics:
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is
our property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income”
because wages represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of
“property”) for money (another form of property), so
there is no gain and no income.
Even if my wages are gross income, I
can deduct the full amount of the wages as a “claim of right”
and not have any taxable income.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Even if my wages are gross income, I
can deduct the full amount of the wages as a “claim of right”
and not have any taxable income.
The “claim of right” doctrine is a real tax doctrine
and it allows a deduction if income was reported in a previous year
in the mistaken belief that the taxpayer had an unrestricted right to
the income, but then the income is repaid in a later year once it is
found that the taxpayer was not actually entitled to the income at
all. So, if you report something as income and it turns out you have
to repay it, you can claim a deduction in the year of the repayment.
The deduction for the repayment in the later year (and a special
recalculation of tax) is codified in I.R.C. section 1341.
Somehow, some tax protesters (and scam artists) have decided that
the “claim of right” doctrine allows them to avoid paying
any tax at all, by subtracting their income from their income.
So the courts have had to set them straight:
“In this case, after including her salary in her
gross income, the plaintiff claims her entire salary as a deduction.
Thereby, the plaintiff attempts to reduce her taxable income to zero
and eliminate her income tax liability. The plaintiff argues that the
deductions she relies on are “mandatory” and that she is
not liable for any tax for 1999 and 2001. ... Ms. Sumter’s
assertions are founded on her “claim of right” theory
arising out of IRC § 1341, but IRC § 1341 is inapplicable
to the present facts. IRC § 1341 only applies to situations in
which the claimant is compelled to return the taxed item, or its
equivalent, because of a mistaken presumption that the right held was
unrestricted and, therefore, the item was previously reported,
erroneously, as taxable income. [citations omitted] In the case
before the court, IRC § 1341 is inapplicable to Ms. Sumter’s
claim because she has a continuing, unrestricted claim of right to
her salary income and has not been compelled to repay that earned
income in a later tax year.”
Sumter v. United States, 61 Fed. Cl. 517, 518 (2004).
And the following District Court has followed the Sumter
decision:
“The challenged refund was issued on the basis
of Defendants’ second amended tax return. On that tax return,
Defendants modified their itemized deductions, deducting $56,016 for
“an unrestricted claim of right for compensation for personal
labor founded on USC Title 26 Section 1341.” Defendants’
theory is that they have a natural right to make a living, that the
money received was in “compensation for personal labor that was
received as a repayment of a debt that was owed to [Defendants],”
and that debt was created by Defendants’ labor. Essentially,
Defendants contend that wages are not income at all, but repayment of
the debt created by working. Under this theory, Defendants contend
that they did not make a profit, and thus do not need to count the
money as income under § 1341.“In Sumter v.
United States, 61 Fed. Cl. 517, 518 (2004), the plaintiff
included wages in her gross income but then attempted to deduct those
wages under § 1341, thus reducing her taxable income to zero.
The Sumter court found the plaintiff’s legal theory to be
devoid of legal merit. Section 1341, it was pointed out, applies to
situations in which a claimant is forced to return a previously taxed
item to which the claimant had mistakenly believed he had an
unrestricted right. Id. at 523 (citing 26 U.S.C. § 1341). As the
Court of Federal Claims pointed out, the plaintiff did in fact have a
continuing and unrestricted right to her salary income and had never
been compelled to repay that salary. Id.”
United States v. Furlong, 2005 TNT 136-14, No. 1:04-CV-3772
(U.S.D.C. N.D.Ga. 6/22/2005), (summary judgment granted for United
States in action to recover erroneous refund in accordance with 26
U.S.C. 7405).
The IRS has recognized the misuse of the claim of right doctrine,
and ruled that taxpayers using the claim of right doctrine (and
section 1341) to claim deductions equal to their incomes in order to
avoid any tax on their incomes are making a frivolous claim that
could result in civil or criminal penalties. Rev.
Rul. 2004-29, 2004-12 I.R.B. 627.
Also, the claim that “[w]ages, tips, and other compensation
received for the performance of personal services are not taxable
income or are offset by an equivalent deduction for the personal
services rendered, including an argument that a taxpayer has a “claim
of right” to exclude the cost or value of the taxpayer’s
labor from income or that taxpayers have a basis in their labor equal
to the fair market value of the wages they receive,” or similar
arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2004-29, 2004-12 I.R.B. 627, or Rev. Rul. 2007-19, 2007-14
I.R.B. 843, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Wages are not income.
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Even if my wages are income, I can deduct the
ordinary costs of living in order to calculate the gain from my
labor.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages are not income, but only a source
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only sources
of income), so wages cannot be taxable.
As explained above, the argument that the
16th Amendment requires the determination of a “source”
before income can be taxed turns the 16th Amendment on its head and
is totally inconsistent with the words of the amendment, the history
of the amendment, and the court decisions interpreting the amendment.
The argument is equally bizarre when applied to the meaning of the
Internal Revenue Code.
Section 61(a) of the Code states that “gross income”
(the beginning of the determination of “taxable income”)
means “all income from whatever source derived .. ..”
As explained above in connection with the
same phrase (“from whatever source derived”) in the 16th
Amendment, the word “whatever” is usually defined as
meaning “of any number or kind,” or “of any kind at
all.” If income is taxable from any kind of source, then there
is no need to identify the source before taxing the income. (What
about income that has no source? I will leave it to more imaginative
minds than mine to try to visualize an income that springs out of
thin air, with no source at all.)
In interpreting similar provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of
1929, the Supreme Court expressly disputed the idea that the “source”
of income was significant:
“Congress applied no limitations as to the
source of taxable receipts, nor restrictive labels as to their
nature. And the Court has given a liberal construction to this broad
phraseology in recognition of the intention of Congress to tax all
gains except those specifically exempted.” Commissioner
v. Glenshaw GlassCo., 348 U.S. 426, 429-30 (1955).
The regulations under the Internal Revenue Code also confirm that
the geographical source of the income of a citizen or resident of the
United States is usually not relevant:
“In general, all citizens of the United States, wherever
resident, and all resident alien individuals are liable to the income
taxes imposed by the Code whether the income is received from sources
within or without the United States.” Treas. Reg. § 1.1-1(b).
But some tax protesters claim that the reference in section 61 to
“the following items” is to not to a list of items of
income, but to a list of “items of sources,” which
makes no sense, either grammatically or as a matter of common English
usage. And, like many tax protester arguments, it also claims too
much, and collapses of its own weight.
If the list of “items” is section 61 is a list of
sources, and not income, and “sources” are
not taxable, then nothing is taxable, because the items listed
in section 61(a) include almost every type of income imaginable:
Compensation for services, include fees, commissions, fringe
benefits, and similar items;
Gross income derived from business;
Gains derived from dealings in property;
Interest;
Rents;
Royalties;
Dividends;
Alimony and separate maintenance payments;
Annuities;
Income from life insurance and endowment contracts;
Pensions;
Income from discharge of indebtedness;
Distributive share of partnership gross income;
Income in respect of a decedent; and
Income from an interest in an estate or trust.
If none of those things are income, and none of them is taxable,
then nothing is income, an absurd result which Congress could
not possibly have intended. (Students of logic may recognize this as
a reductio ad absurdum, or proof that something is false by
showing that, if it were true, it would lead to absurd results.
Unfortunately, tax protesters know nothing of logic.)
Related topics:
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of
the income is first determined.
Wages paid within the United States are
not a “source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of
words.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Wages paid within the United States are
not a “source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code and so are not taxable.
The claim is that the Internal Revenue Code does not apply to most
of the income of citizens of the United States because the only
definitions of “sources of income” apply only to
nonresident aliens and foreign corporations. (See I.R.C. section 861
and its regulations.) This argument is both silly and completely
contrary to the express language of the Internal Revenue Code and its
regulations.
Section 61(a) of the Internal Revenue Code states defines “gross
income” (which is the starting point for the calculation of
taxable income) as follows:
“Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle,
gross income means all income from whatever source derived....”
The general rule, therefore, is that all income is included in
gross income, unless there is a specific exception or exclusion in
some other section of the Internal Revenue Code. (The reference to
“this subtitle” is a reference to Subtitle A of the
Internal Revenue, which is where the income tax are defined and
imposed. Other subtitles relate to other kinds of taxes, such as the
federal to estate and gift taxes, or to the enforcement and
administration of taxes generally.)
The regulations confirm that U.S. citizens (and residents) are
taxed on all of their income, regardless of where the source is
located, and so the source of income is irrelevant to U.S. citizens
and residents.
“In general, all citizens of the United States,
wherever resident, and all resident alien individuals are liable to
the income taxes imposed by the Code whether the income is received
from sources within or without the United States.”
Treas. Reg. § 1.1-1(b).
The general rule, therefore, is that all income is
included in gross income, regardless of the source of the income.
This has been confirmed by the U.S. Court of Claims:
“The determination of where income is derived or
‘sourced’ is generally of no moment to either United
States citizens or United States corporations, for such persons are
subject to tax under section 1 and section 11, respectively, on their
worldwide income.”
Great-West Life Assur. Co. v. United States, 230 Ct. Cl.
477, 678 F.2d 180, 183 (1982)
So how can tax protesters claim that their income is not subject
to tax? By a selective and very tortured reading of section 861 of
the Internal Revenue Code and its regulations. Briefly, many tax
protesters claim that:
“Taxable income” and the “sources” of
taxable income can be determined only by reference to section 861
and its regulations; and
The regulations under section 861, specifically § 1.861-8(f),
list all possible taxable sources of income; and
The incomes of most citizens are not described in Treas. Reg.
§ 1.861-8(f).
Needless to say, every step in the “logic” of tax
protesters is wrong.
As already explained, the Internal Revenue Code and regulations
are quite clear in stating that citizens and residents of the United
States are taxed on all income, regardless of source.
So why does section 861 exist?
Even a casual reading of section 861 and its regulations makes it
clear that the statute and regulations were enacted to deal with the
problems of calculating the taxable incomes of nonresident aliens, or
for dealing with special provisions for taxpayers with incomes from
sources outside of the United States. Section 861 is part of
Subchapter N of the Internal Revenue Code, which is titled “Tax
Based on Income From Sources Within or Without the United States.”
More specifically, section 861 is in Part I of Subchapter N, and Part
I is titled “Source Rules and Other General Rules Relating to
Foreign Income.” The other parts of Subchapter N are titled
“Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Corporations,” “Income
from Sources Without the United States,” “Domestic
International Sales Corporations,” and “International
Boycott Determinations.” Are you beginning to see a pattern?
Nonresident aliens (i.e., individuals who are neither citizens nor
residents of the United States) and foreign corporations are taxed by
the United States only on income earned in the United States. See,
for example, I.R.C. section 872, which defines “gross income”
for a nonresident alien in a way that is different from the
definition in section 61 (which means that section 872 is one of the
“Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle” referred
to in section 61). Under section 872(a), the gross income of a
nonresident alien individual includes only (1) “gross income
which is derived from sources within the United States” and (2)
gross income which is effectively connected with a trade or business
within the United States. And what is income “which is derived
from sources within the United States”? That is what the rules
of section 861 are supposed to determine. Because nonresident aliens
and foreign corporations are taxed only on income from sources within
the United States, it is necessary to identify the sources of income
(and deductions) for them, which is why there are regulations for
them.
The purpose of section 861 and its regulations is spelled out in
the regulations themselves, in Treas. Reg. § 1.861-1(a):
“Part I (section 861 and following), subchapter N, chapter 1
of the Code, and the regulations thereunder determine the sources of
income for purposes of the income tax. These sections explicitly
allocate certain important sources of income to the United States or
to areas outside the United States, as the case may be....”
Tax protesters often quote the first sentence of that regulation,
but not the second sentence. Why? Because the second sentence makes
it clear that section 861 and its regulations exist only to determine
geographical source, which is relevant only for nonresident
aliens, foreign corporations, and certain other types of taxpayers.
But even if it were necessary to establish a “source”
for all income in accordance with section 861, there are provisions
in section 861 that specifically state that the incomes of most
citizens is from sources within the United States.
For example, section 861(a) states that “The following items
of gross income shall be treated as income from sources within the
United States: ... (3) Compensation for labor or personal services
performed in the United States;” (subject to certain exceptions
not relevant here).
And the regulations state that “Gross income from sources
within the United States includes compensation for labor or personal
services performed in the United States irrespective of the residence
of the payer, the place in which the contract for service was made,
or the place or time of payment;” (subject to the exceptions
stated in the statute, which are still not relevant here). Treas.
Reg. § 1.861-4(a)(1).
But tax protesters ignore all of the definitions of sources of
income within the United States and claim that nothing in section 861
applies to any U.S. citizen with U.S. income, citing Treas. Reg.
§ 1.861-8(f). Unfortunately, that regulation shows why the
entire “section 861” argument makes no sense. The
regulation is a list of “operative sections” which
“require the determination of taxable income of the taxpayer
from specific sources or activities.” All of the “operative
sections” listed in the regulation are sections of the Internal
Revenue Code that require a determination of taxable income from a
specific foreign or domestic source or activity (that is, they
require a determination of taxable income from less than all sources)
and so require the application of the rules of section 861 to
determine the income and deductions from that particular foreign or
domestic source or activity.
For example, the first “operative section” listed in
Treas. Reg. § 1.861-8(f) is a limit on the foreign tax
credit formerly allowed by I.R.C. section 904(a)(2). A credit against
U.S. taxes was allowed to U.S. citizens who paid taxes to foreign
governments on foreign income, but the credit was limited to an
amount equal to the federal income tax multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the taxable income from foreign sources and the
denominator of which is all taxable income. If you have foreign
income on which you paid foreign taxes and wanted to claim a credit
against your U.S. tax, you need to calculate your foreign taxable
income in accordance with the rules of section 861.
The other “operative sections” cover matters such as
“domestic international sales corporations,” nonresident
aliens (or foreign corporations) engaged in a trade or business in
the U.S., “foreign base company income,” tax preferences
for foreign source income, foreign mineral income, foreign oil and
gas extraction income, the exclusion from income for residents of
Puerto Rico, the maximum income tax reduction for the Virgin Islands,
income from Guam, the special deduction allowed under the China Trade
Act, the exclusion of income for controlled foreign corporations,
income from insurance of U.S. risks, income consequences of
international boycotts, and taxable income from certain merchant
marine vessels. If any of those provisions apply to you, then you
must apply the rules of section 861 to determine the exclusion,
credit, deduction, or taxable income governed by those provisions.
What happens if none of the “operative sections” apply
to you? According to tax protesters, if none of the “operative
sections” apply to you, then you have no taxable income at all.
Of course, that’s not what the Code or regulations say. No
where does section 861 or any of its regulation declare that any
particular type of income is exempt from tax. It is the “operative
sections” that provide rules for determining what income is
included or excluded from the gross income of particular taxpayers.
And, unless an “operative section” provides an exception,
then the general rule of section 61 continues to apply and gross
income (which is the basis for taxable income) means “all
income.”
Briefly, the whole “section 861 argument” is based on
the conflicting conclusions that (1) section 861 applies to U.S.
taxpayers and (2) section 861 does not apply to U.S.
taxpayers. Tax protesters try to have it both ways, by claiming that
section 861 must apply to them and their taxable income must be
determined according to its rules, and then by claiming that it
doesn’t apply to them, and so they have no taxable income.
Needless to say, the courts have had no problem dismissing the
argument that a citizen and resident of the United States is not
taxed on income earned within the United States:
“Petitioner also contends that no Federal
statute imposes a tax on the income of citizens or residents of the
United States that is derived from sources within the United States.
Instead, petitioner asserts that Federal income taxes are excise
taxes imposed only on the privilege of nonresident aliens and foreign
corporations to receive income from sources within the United States.
Petitioner’s argument is unclear. Apparently, petitioner
believes that the only sources of income for purposes of section 61
are listed in section 861, that income from sources within the United
States is taxed only to nonresident aliens and foreign corporations
pursuant to sections 871, 881, and 882, and that section 1461 is the
only section of the Internal Revenue Code that makes anyone liable
for the taxes imposed by sections 1 and 11.“Section
61(a) defines gross income generally as ‘all income from
whatever source derived,’ including, but not limited to,
compensation for services and interest. Sec. 61(a)(1), (4). Section
63 defines and explains the computation of section ‘taxable
income’. Section 1 imposes an income tax on the taxable income
of every individual who is a citizen or resident of the United
States. Sec. 1.1-1(a)(1), Income Tax Regs.; see Habersham-Bey v.
Commissioner, 78 T.C. 304, 309 (1982). “Under
section 61(a)(1) and (4), petitioner clearly is required to include
his wages, tokes, and interest in gross income.”
Aiello v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1995-40.
“The arguments in Kaetz’s appellate
briefs, which he shrouds in hyperbole and platitudes, do not further
his position. Through linguistic gymnastics, Kaetz contorts the
relevant sections of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury
Regulations to deduce that he does not have taxable income for the
years 1991-1997. He premises his argument, inter alia, on the belief
that United States citizens only earn taxable ‘gross income’
when living and working outside the United States, and that the
‘Foreign Earned Income Form 2555 is the only form required to
be filed[ ] by U.S. Citizens.’ Appellant’s
Brief at 16-17, 18. He concludes his intricate deductive argument
quite bluntly: ‘Goodbye Income Taxes on Citizens with domestic
income.’ Id.
at 18. The problem with his deduction is that it is based on false
premises. Income earned in the United States, including salary, is
taxable, see I.R.C. section 63, and ‘Gross Income’ can be
quantified.”
Kaetz v. Internal Revenue Service, 225 F.3d 649, 2000 U.S.
App. LEXIS 17068, 2000-2 U.S. Tax Cas. ¶50,544,
85 A.F.T.R.2d 2183, KTC 2000-312, Docket #99-3346 (3d Cir. 6/7/2000),
(unpublished opinion), aff’g 1999 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 8309, 99-1
U.S. Tax Cas. ¶50,505,
83 A.F.T.R.2d 2536 (M.D.Pa. 1999).
“Plaintiff argues further that his remuneration
is exempt from taxation under 26 U.S.C. § 861(a)(3)(C)(ii),
and thus excludable under 26 U.S.C. § 61 and, by reference,
excludable under Wisconsin law. Suffice it to say that if plaintiff
wished to avail himself of § 861( a)(3)(C)(ii), he would
have to show that his work was done for a foreign office, or an
office in a United States possession, of a domestic business entity.
He has not alleged this, and it is clear from the record that he
performed his work in the State of Wisconsin for Wisconsin
employers.”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 53-54 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
“At the hearing on respondent’s Motion For
Summary Judgment, petitioner also claimed that ‘all of my gross
income was received without the United States as defined in
Subchapter N of 26 CFR 1.861-1’, and ‘I am not a citizen
of the federal U.S. I make a living in the state of Illinois as a
right, and I am not subject to the jurisdiction of the federal United
States.’ “We find no support for petitioner’s
position in the authorities he cites. ... “[P]etitioner’s
position is not bolstered by the regulations under section 861. To
the contrary, section 861(a)(1) and (3) provides that interest from
the United States and compensation for labor or personal services
performed in the United States (with exceptions not applicable here)
are items of gross income which shall be treated as income from
sources within the United States.”
Solomon v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1993-509, aff’d 42
F.3d 1391 (7th Cir. 1994).
“As a citizen of the United States during the
years at issue, petitioner is subject to United States Federal income
tax on his worldwide income. Sec. 1; Cook v. Tait, 265 U.S. 47
(1924); sec 1.1-1(a)(1) and (c), Income Tax Regs. It is unnecessary
to determine whether that income was from sources within or without
the United States since petitioner is not a nonresident alien. See
sec. 861.”
Norman F. Dacey, T.C. Memo 1992-187.
“[Defendant’s] argument in favor of
vacating judgment is almost incomprehensible, and, to the extent it
is understandable, is meritless.... “Defendant on
unnumbered pages five and six [of Defendant’s Memorandum in
Support of his Motion to Vacate Judgment] analyzes several tax
regulations, after which he contends: ‘Nonresident aliens and
foreign corporations are liable for income tax from sources within
the United States, where Citizens and residents of the several States
are liable only for gross income from foreign sources and insular
possessions of the United States.’ (Id. at 5.) ....
“Defendant’s arguments appear to boil down to the
following: the judgment against Defendant is void because (1) the
federal government has no power to impose income tax on him; and (2)
the federal government did not comply with certain requirements found
in the tax regulations when it acted against him to secure payment
from him for unpaid taxes. Neither contention has merit. The first is
tax protester rhetoric that contradicts over fifty years of tax law
in this country. Plaintiff must pay income taxes; the federal
government has the right to pursue him for unpaid taxes.”
United States v. Bell, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5209; CIV F
95-5346 OWW SMS (U.S.D.C. E.D.Ca. 7/24/2000).
“Petitioner contends that income is defined only
by section 911 and the regulations under section 861 and that his
receipts are excluded from those definitions. Neither section 911 nor
section 861 operates to prevent section 61 from applying to
petitioner’s receipts. See Solomon v. Commissioner, T.C.
Memo. 1993-609, affd. without published opinion 42 F.3d 1291 (7th
Cir. 1994). “Petitioner’s reliance on section 911
is misplaced. Section 911(a) allows an exclusion from gross income
for foreign earned income at the election of a qualified individual,
defined as an individual whose tax home is in a foreign country. See
sec. 911(d)(1). Petitioner had no foreign earned income and is not a
qualified individual for purposes of section 911(a). Section 911(a)
has no bearing on the taxation of petitioner’s
receipts.“Petitioner’s reliance on section 861
likewise is misplaced. Petitioner reads section 861 to provide that
items not defined therein are not subject to tax. Section 861(a)(1)
and (3) provides that interest from the United States and
compensation for labor or personal services performed in the United
States (with exceptions not applicable here) are items of gross
income which shall be treated as income from sources within the
United States. Nothing in section 861 operates to exclude from income
any of petitioner’s receipts.”
Furniss
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2001-137.
“[P]etitioners, by selectively analyzing
statutes, regulations, and judicial authorities out of context, have
reached the conclusion that their compensation for services,
unemployment compensation, and interest do not constitute gross
income. “Petitioners argue: ... petitioners have no
gross income pursuant to section 861 et seq. concerning gross income
from sources within the United States and without the United States;
.... “Section 1 imposes an income tax on the income of
every individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States.
Sec. 1.1-1(a)(1), Income Tax Regs. Section 61(a) provides that except
as otherwise provided in subtitle A (income taxes) gross income
includes ‘all income from whatever source derived,’
including compensation for services and interest. Secs. 61(a)(1),
(4). Section 85(a) provides that an individual’s gross income
includes unemployment compensation. Ignoring these statutory
provisions, petitioners argue that their compensation for services,
unemployment compensation, and interest do not constitute gross
income because these items of income are not listed in section
1.861-8(f), Income Tax Regs. Their argument is misplaced and takes
section 1.861-8(f), Income Tax Regs., out of context. The rules of
sections 861-865 have significance in determining whether income is
considered from sources within or without the United States. The
source rules do not exclude from U.S. taxation income earned by U.S.
citizens from sources within the United States.”
Corcoran
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-18, 2002 TNT 14-21
(1/18/2002) (penalty of 20% imposed for intentional disregard of
rules and regulations; penalty of $2,000 imposed for filing a
frivolous Tax Court petition), aff’d 2002 TNT 235-6, No.
02-71577 (9th Cir. 11/12/2002), (unpublished opinion), cert. den.
2003 TNT 97-4, No. 02-1481 (5/19/2003).
“Petitioner claims that ... his income is not
from any of the sources listed in section 1.861-8(a), Income Tax
Regs., and thus is not taxable; .... “Petitioner’s
arguments are reminiscent of tax-protester rhetoric that has been
universally rejected by this and other courts. We shall not
painstakingly address petitioner’s assertions ‘with
somber reasoning and copious citation of precedent; to do so might
suggest that these arguments have some colorable merit.’ Crain
v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417, 1417 (5th Cir. 1984). Accordingly, we
conclude that petitioner is liable for the deficiency determined by
respondent.”
Williams v. Commissioner, 114 T.C. 136 (2000), (penalty of
25% imposed for failing to file a valid return; penalty of $5,000
imposed for filing a frivolous Tax Court petition).
“In his trial memorandum, petitioner alleged:
(1) Income from sources not listed in section 861 is exempt from
taxation; (2) income earned by U.S. citizens in the United States is
not listed; and (3) petitioner is a U.S. citizen and has income only
from domestic sources. ... Petitioner’s contention that his
income is not taxable is incorrect as a matter of law.”
Rayner v. Commissioner, T.C.
Memo 2002-30, (summary judgement granted to the Commissioner and
a penalty of $5,000 was also imposed against Rayner for filing a
frivolous petition); aff’d No. 02-60565 (5th Cir. 7/3/2003),
(Sanctions of $4,000 imposed for filing a frivolous appeal).
“In any event, assuming, arguendo, that the
court has subject matter jurisdiction of the case at bar,
Loofbourrow’s claim that his wages do not derive from a taxable
source and are thereby exempt from federal income tax is subject to
dismissal and/or summary judgment, as it is without factual or legal
basis. See, e.g., [Mark] Christopher [Corcoran v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-18], 2002 WL 71029 (rejecting claim
that compensation for services does not constitute gross income
because this item of income is not listed in Treasury regulation
1.861-8(f); Williams v. Commissioner, 114 T.C. 136, 138 (2000)
(dismissing claim that income was not taxable because it was not from
any of the sources listed in 1.861-8 of the Treasury regulations as
‘reminiscent of tax protester rhetoric that has been
universally rejected’); Aiello v. Commissioner, T.C.
Memo. 1995-40, No. 16811-93, 1995 WL 33283 (U.S. Tax Ct. Jan. 30,
1995) (rejecting claim that the only sources of income for purposes
of 61 are listed in 861). Indeed, 26 U.S.C. 1 imposes an income tax
on the income of every individual who is a citizen or resident of the
United States, and 61 defines ‘gross income’ as ‘all
income from whatever source derived’ including, but not limited
to, compensation for services. See 26 U.S.C. 16, 1(a)(1), (4).
Section 861 specifically includes remuneration derived from ‘Personal
services -- Compensation for labor or personal services performed in
the United States’ as income from sources within the United
States. 26 U.S.C. 861(a)(3); see Solomon v. Commissioner, T.C.
Memo 1993-509, No. 1084-93, 1993 WL 444615 (U.S. Tax. Ct. Nov. 3,
1993), aff’d, 42 F.3d 1391 (7th Cir. 1994). Like the petitioner
in Solomon, Loofbourrow’s effort to ‘find some
semantic technicality which will render him exempt from Federal
income tax, which applies generally to all U.S. citizens and
residents,’ is unavailing. Id. It is well settled that wages
fall within the scope of 26 U.S.C. 61 and are thus subject to federal
income tax. See Commissioner v. Kowalski, 434 U.S. 77, 83
(1977) (wages are taxable income).“Here, Loofbourrow
ignores the statutory provisions of 26 U.S.C. 1 and 61, arguing that
his compensation does not constitute gross income because it is not
an item of income listed in 26 C.F.R. 1.861-8(f). Loofbourrow’s
argument, however, is misplaced and takes the regulations out of
context. As noted by the Tax Court in [Corcoran]:“’The
rules of sections 861-865 have significance in determining whether
income is considered from sources within or without the United
States. The source rules do not exclude from U.S. taxation income
earned by U.S. citizens from sources within the United
States.’“2002 WL 71029 [T.C. Memo 2002-18]; see
also Great-West Life Assur. Co. v. United States, 678 F.2d
180, 183 (Ct. Cl. 1982) (‘The determination of where income is
derived or ‘sourced’ is generally of no moment to either
United States citizens or United States corporations, for such
persons are subject to tax under I.R.C. 1 and I.R.C. 11,
respectively, on their worldwide income.’). “In
fact, Loofbourrow’s contentions are akin to the assertions of
‘those persons who are attempting to avoid their fair share of
the costs of the government that organizes the society in which they
live.’ United States v. Montgomery, 778 F.2d 222, 224
(5th Cir. 1985). Nevertheless, ‘courts are not powerless in
these circumstances and are not required to expend judicial resources
endlessly entertaining repetitive arguments. Nor are opposing parties
required to bear the burden of meritless litigation.’ Lonsdale
v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1447-48 (10th Cir. 1990). Hence,
this court shall not further ‘painstakingly address
petitioner’s assertions “with somber reasoning and
copious citation of precedent; to do so might suggest that these
arguments have some colorable merit.” ’ Williams,
114 T.C. at 139 (quoting Crain v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417,
1418 (5th Cir. 1984) (holding that court is ‘not obliged to
suffer in silence the filing of baseless, insupportable appeals
presenting no colorable claims of error and designed only to delay,
obstruct, or incapacitate the operations of the courts or any other
governmental authority’ through ‘a hodgepodge of
unsupported assertions, irrelevant platitudes, and legalistic
gibberish’). “In light of the abundance of
authority regarding the taxability of wages earned in the United
States by citizens of the United States such as Loofbourrow, the IRS
did not abuse its discretion by assessing a frivolous return penalty
against him. Therefore, dismissal, or, in the alternative, summary
judgment is warranted in this action, as Lootbourrow has failed to
present a claim that would entitle him to relief. There exist no
outstanding issues of material fact, and the United States is
entitled to judgment as a matter of law.”
Loofbourrow v. Commissioner, 208 F. Supp. 698, 709-710,
2002 TNT 112-18 (S.D. Tex. 2002), (frivolous filing penalty upheld).
“Moreover, even if Mr. Sulla [taxpayer’s
counsel] had not been presented with sufficient evidence
contradicting the 861 argument, the 861 argument, on its face, is
inherently improbable, because it leads to conclusions that defy
common sense; i.e., U.S. citizens and residents earning income within
the United States are taxable only on income earned from possessions,
corporations, and the Federal Government, and the vast amount of
wages and interest paid to U.S. citizens and residents is not taxable
under the Internal Revenue Code. We agree with what the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit said in Charczuk v. Commissioner, 771
F.2d 471, 475 (10th Cir. 1985), affg. T.C. Memo. 1983-433, before
imposing costs on a taxpayer’s counsel under 28 U.S.C. sec.
1927: ‘Courts are in no way obligated to tolerate arguments
that thoroughly defy common sense.’ The conclusions to be drawn
from the 861 argument thoroughly defy common sense. We find that Mr.
Sulla acted recklessly in making the 861 argument and, thus, he acted
in bad faith.”
Takaba v. Commissioner, 119 T.C. 18 (2002), (sanctions of
$15,000 imposed against the taxpayer and costs of $10,500 imposed
against his lawyer for frivolous proceedings.)
“Petitioners point out that section 61(a) uses
the word ‘source’ but that section 61 does not go on to
define the ‘sources’ which produce income taxable by the
United States. Petitioners therefore conclude that in order to
identify the ‘sources’ of income that are taxable
reference must be made to the income ‘sourcing’ rules of
sections 861-865 and to respondent’s regulations thereunder,
specifically section 1.861- 8(f)(1), Income Tax Regs.Petitioners
misread section 61. That section prefaces its use of the word
‘source’ by the word ‘whatever’, thereby
making the particular source of a U.S. taxpayer’s income (and
the income sourcing rules of sections 861-865) irrelevant for
purposes of the definition of income under section 61.”
Dashiell
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2004-210 (9/20/2004), (emphasis
in original).
Sanctions of $15,000 were imposed against the taxpayers in Snyder
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2001-255. Among other things, the
Snyders disputed “the ‘statutory grouping of gross income
and the residual grouping of gross income’ as it may relate to
this matter pursuant to 26 CFR section 1.861-8(a)(4),” which
the Tax Court described as “tax-protester rhetoric that we are
all too familiar with, and which courts have rejected time and time
again,” citing Williams v. Commissioner, 114 T.C. 136 (2000).
On September 26, 2000, George and Dorothy Henderson, of Roseville,
California, were convicted in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of California of conspiring to defraud the IRS, aiding in
the presentation of false tax returns, and other charges arising out
of their sale of bogus trust schemes to generate false deductions for
clients, as well as helping clients to hide income by routing monies
through a variety of domestic and foreign accounts. According to an
article in the New York Times, Mr. and Mrs. Henderson decided
to argue at their sentencing that “they were exempt from tax
under Section 861 of the Internal Revenue Code, contending that the
statute excludes most Americans from income taxes.” Mrs.
Henderson’s lawyer, Donald Dorfman, tried to discourage his
client, but said that “She insisted on speaking and telling the
judge about the 861 position and how as a sovereign citizen of
California the federal courts had no jurisdiction and all sorts of
gibberish.” After listening to their arguments, Judge Garland
E. Burell Jr. added five months to Mrs. Henderson’s prison
sentence and added eight months to Mr. Henderson’s prison
sentence. See, “California
Couple Sentenced for Helping Clients Evade Taxes,” by David
Cay Johnston, New York Times (2/23/2001).
One of the principal advocates of the “section 861”
argument, Larken Rose, stopped filing federal income tax returns in
1998 and began publicly asking the government to prosecute him
in 2001. He was unable to convince a jury that he believed in good
faith that his income was not “taxable” because of
section 861, and was convicted on five counts of willfully failing to
file tax returns, which earned him 15 months in federal prison.
United State v. Rose, No. 2:05-CR-01101 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Pa.
8/12/2005).
The U.S. Department of Justice has obtained preliminary
injunctions against several other promoters of the “section
861” argument on the grounds that they were promoting schemes
that were false or fraudulent, and were assisting or advising
taxpayers to prepare documents that understated tax liability. The
courts have ordered the defendants to turn over lists of their
clients to the IRS so that the IRS may collect the taxes that have
been evaded. United States v. Hearn, No. 1:01-CV-3058 (N.D.
Ga. 2001); United States v. Bosset, No. 8:01-cv-2154-T-26TBM
(M.D. Fla. 2001); United States v. Rosile, 202 TNT 132-17, No.
8:02-CV-466-T-17MSS (U.S.D.C. M.D.Fl. 6/10/2002); United States v.
Bell, 238 F.Supp.2d 696, No. 1:CV-01-2159 (U.S.D.C. M.D. Pa.
1/10/2003), aff’d 414 F.3d 474, No.
04-1640 (3d Cir. 7/12/2005); United States v. Prater et al.,
2002 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 25685, 2003 TNT 68-14, No. 8:02-CV-2052-T-23MSS
(U.S.D.C. M.D.Fl. 12/19/2002), (preliminary injunction also issued
against Richard W. Cantwell); United States v. Farnell, No.
8:02-CV-1742-T-26TBM (U.S.D.C. M.D.Fl. 1/21/2003); United States
v. Welti, 90 A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 7472, 2003 TNT 69-43, No.
C-1-02-243 (U.S.D.C. S.D.Oh. 2/14/2002); United States v. Mayer,
2005 TNT 87-11, No. 8:03-cv-415-T-26TGW (U.S.D.C. M.D.Fl. 3/10/2005).
A permanent injunction has been issued in United States v.
Bosset, 2003 TNT 53-12, No. 8:01-cv-2154-T-26TBM (U.S.D.C.
M.D.Fl. 2/27/2003), as well as several other cases in which
preliminary injunctions were first obtained.
All of those courts found that the section 861 argument was
“frivolous” and without any merit, having been uniformly
rejected by courts beginning in 1993 (a reference to the Solomon
decision quoted above). In entering a temporary injunction against
Douglas P. Rosile Sr. from preparing any additional income tax
returns, the U.S. District Court found that Rosile knew or should
have known that the argument was frivolous because it is “absurd
on its face.” United States v. Rosile, 202 TNT 132-17,
No. 8:02-CV-466-T-17MSS (U.S.D.C. M.D.Fl. 6/10/2002).
A permanent injunction has also been entered in a seventh civil
suit, United States v. Haraka, No. 02-CV-5340 (U.S.D.C. N.J.
3/28/2003).
For the Department of Justice press releases on these court
orders, see “Justice
Department Seeks Injunctions Against Three Promoters to Halt
Nationwide Bogus-Tax-Refund Scheme,” U.S. Dept. of Justice
(11/15/2001); “Federal
Court in Tampa Orders Tax Fraud Promoter to Stop Preparing Bogus Tax
Returns, Promoting Fraudulent Tax Scheme,” U.S. Dept. of
Justice (3/27/2002); “Justice
Department Obtains Permanent Injunction Against Atlanta Tax Return
Preparer,” U.S. Dept. of Justice (2/1/2002); “Justice
Department Sues Preparer of Bogus Tax Refund Claims,” U.S.
Dept. of Justice (3/14/2002); “Federal
Court in Tampa Orders Former Accountant to Stop Preparing Federal Tax
Returns,” U.S. Dept. of Justice (6/11/2002); “Federal
District Court in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Orders Individual to Stop
Promoting a Fraudulent Tax Scam,” U.S. Dept. of Justice
(1/10/2003); “Florida
Man Ordered to Halt Tax Scam,” U.S. Dept. of Justice
(1/23/2003);
A separate suit was brought by Thurston P. Bell against the United
States, alleging that the investigation into his web site violated
his First Amendment rights. That suit was dismissed on 9/30/2002, the
court holding that it did not have jurisdiction over the tax issues,
that the first amendment issues were “inextricably
intertwined,” and that the First Amendment does not protect
“commercial speech which promotes an illegal activity or
transaction,” citing United States v. White, 769 F.2d
511, 516 (8th Cir. 1985), United States v. Kaun, 827 F.2d
1144, 1165 (5th Cir. 1985), and Nat’l Commodity and Barter
Ass’n v. United States, 843 F.Supp. 655, 665 (D.C. Col.
1993), aff’d, 42 F.3d 1406 (10th Cir. 1994). Bell v.
Rossotti, 2002 TNT 223-18, Civil Action No. 1:CV-01-1725
(U.S.D.C. M.D.Pa. 9/30/2002). Mr. Bell raised the same argument in
his defense against the action by the United States for an
injunction, and his First Amendment claims were rejected in that
proceeding also. United States v. Bell, 238 F.Supp.2d 696, No.
1:CV-01-2159 (M.D. Pa. 1/10/2003), (permanent injunction entered
1/29/2004), aff’d 414 F.3d 474, No.
04-1640 (3d Cir. 7/12/2005).
In Notice 2001-40, the Internal Revenue Service advised taxpayers
that failing to report income earned in the United States “has
no basis in law” and that the proponents of the section 861
argument “misread the Code and Treasury Regulations.”
After refuting the section 861 argument and citing many of the cases
cited above, the IRS goes on to advise taxpayers that filing returns
that do not include all of the income of the taxpayer may result in
penalties such as the accuracy-related penalty under section 6662,
the frivolous return penalty under section 6702, failure to file or
failure to pay penalties under section 6651, and civil fraud
penalties under section 6663, or even criminal prosecution. Notice
2001-40, 2001-26 I.R.B. 1355.
The “section 861” argument is specifically addressed
by the IRS in Fact
Sheet FS-2001-06 (4/3/2001), IRS
Notice 2001-40, 2001-1 C.B. 1355, 2001-26 I.R.B. 1355 (6/25/2001),
Revenue Ruling
2004-30, 2004-12 I.R.B. 622 (which also describes the various
civil and criminal penalties that might apply to someone who relies
on the section 861 argument to evade tax), and in an on-line
publication, “The
Truth about Frivolous Tax Arguments” prepared by the IRS
Chief Counsel’s office.
Also, the claim that “United States citizens and residents
are not subject to tax on their wages or other income derived from
sources within the United States, as only foreign based income or
income received by nonresident aliens and foreign corporations from
sources within the United States is taxable, and similar arguments
described as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2004-30, 2004-1 C.B. 622”
has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position”
that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return
or included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of
the income is first determined.
The income tax only applies to the domestic income
of nonresident aliens.
Taking quotations out of context.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax does not apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia and territories of the United
States because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
This argument is the result of functional illiteracy.
Section 7701(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code states that:
“The term ‘United States’ when used
in a geographical sense includes only the States and the District of
Columbia.”
Well, that contradicts the tax protesters, because it says that
“United States” includes “the States.” But
the tax protesters then turn to the definition of “State”:
“The term ‘State’ shall be construed
to include the District of Columbia, where such construction is
necessary to carry out provisions of this title.”
I.R.C. section 7701(a)(10).
According to tax protesters, this definition excludes the
states of the United States from the definition of “State,”
and “State” means only the District of Columbia. There
are several things wrong with this “argument”:
The word “includes” is also defined by the
Internal Revenue Code. According to section 7701(c), “The
terms ‘includes’ and ‘including’ when used
in a definition contained in this title shall not be deemed to
exclude other things otherwise within the meaning of the term
defined.” The states of the United States are within the
normal meaning of the word “State,” and so a definition
that says that “State” shall be construed to include
the District of Columbia does not exclude the states of the
United States from the meaning of “State.”
A definition of “State” that equates “State”
with “District of Columbia” turns the definition of
“United States” into gibberish, because the definition
then becomes a statement that “United States” “includes
only the District of Columbia and the District of Columbia.”
The definition of “State” includes the District
of Columbia “where such construction is necessary to carry out
the provisions of this title.” What happens if the
construction is not necessary? If “State” does not
include the District of Columbia, then references to “states”
in the Internal Revenue Code would apply to nothing at all. Which is
absurd.
So where do tax protesters get the idea that “includes”
might be restrictive? Mainly from wishful thinking and poor reading
skills.
Section 7701(c) of the Internal Revenue Code expressly states that
using the word “includes” in a definition does not
exclude anything that would otherwise be included in the meaning of
the word being defined. So a definition of “State” that
includes the District of Columbia does not exclude the
States of the United States from the definition. (For more on the
use—and misuse—of the word “includes,” see A
belief that the word “includes” is restrictive.)
What have the courts said about the claim that the United States
does not include the states of the United States?
“In an affidavit attached to his amended
petition, petitioner sets forth numerous, tax-protester type legal
arguments, including, in petitioner’s words, the following
propositions: “That the Republic of Illinois is ‘without
the United States’; ... “The Congress excluded
the 50 States from the definition of ‘United States,’ ...
“Petitioner attempts to argue an absurd proposition,
essentially that the States of Illinois is not part of the United
States. His hope is that he will find some semantic technicality
which will render him exempt from Federal income tax, which applies
generally to all U.S. citizens and residents. Suffice it to say, we
find no support in any of the authorities petitioner cites for his
position that he is not subject to Federal income tax on income he
earned in Illinois. ... Petitioner’s arguments are no more than
stale tax protester contentions long dismissed summarily by this
Court and all other courts which have heard such contentions.”
Nieman v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1993-533.
“Ward reaches this twisted conclusion [that the
Internal Revenue Code only applies to individuals located within
Washington, D.C., the federal enclaves within the states, and the
territories and possessions of the United States] by misinterpreting
a portion of the Income Tax Code. The 1913 Act defined the words
‘state’ or ‘United States” to ‘include’
United States territories and the District of Columbia; Ward asks
this court to interpret the word ‘include’ as a term of
limitation, rather than of definition. ... We find each of
appellant’s contentions to be utterly without merit.”
United States of America v. Ward, 833 F.2d 1538 (11th Cir.
1987) (conviction of tax evasion affirmed, despite arguments of
Lowell H. Beecraft Jr.).
“Steiner also argued that the word ‘includes,’
which appears throughout the tax laws, limits the court’s
jurisdiction under the tax laws. This argument has been specifically
rejected in United States v. Condo, 741 F.2d 238, 239 (9th
Cir. 1984), cert. denied, 469 U.S. 1164 (1985), in which this court
held that the word ‘includes’ is one of expansion, not
limitation.”
United States v. Steiner, 963 F.2d 381 (9th Cir. 1992).
“Citing 26 U.S.C. § 3121(e)(1) & (2),
the respondent argues that the IRS was without territorial
jurisdiction to issue the summons in this case because the Internal
Revenue Code only applies to individuals living in one of the
territories specifically mentioned in that rule. Unfortunately, the
respondent has misinterpreted the statute. This rule, appearing in
the ‘definitions’ section, says that the ‘term
“State” includes the District of Columbia, the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, or American
Samoa’ (emphasis added). This is a rule of inclusion, not
exclusion. Nowhere in this rule does it exclude the fifty United
States from the definition of ‘State’ under the Internal
Revenue Code. To interpret the rule this way would be absurd.”
United States v. Teresa Hopper, 2005 TNT 215-10, No.
05-MC-172 (U.S.D.C. E.D.N.Y. 10/29/2005).
See also, Depew v. United States, 50 F. Supp. 2d 1009,1015
(D. Colo. 1999) (finding arguments that plaintiff was neither a
“person” nor a “taxpayer” within federal
income tax laws based upon his nonresident status frivolous).
The claim that “the United States does not include all or a
part of the physical territory of the 50 States and instead consists
of only places such as the District of Columbia, Commonwealths and
Territories (e.g., Puerto Rico), and Federal enclaves (e.g., Native
American reservations and military installations),” or similar
arguments described as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2004-28, 2004-12
I.R.B. 624, 2004-1 C.B. 624, or Rev. Rul. 2007-22, 2007-14
I.R.B. 866, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
In the same notice, the claim that “[o]nly certain types of
taxpayers are subject to income and employment taxes, such as ...
residents of the District of Columbia or the Federal territories, or
similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2006-18, 2006-15 IRB 743” was also identified by the
IRS as a “frivolous position” that can result in a
penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in
certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax only applies to the domestic
income of nonresident aliens.
This whacky notion seems to be based on entirely on a document
published by the Internal Revenue Service in 1916. In Treasury
Decision 2313, issued less than three months after the Supreme
Court had upheld the constitutionality of the income tax enacted in
1913, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue issued a direction to
collectors of internal revenue to collect income tax on dividends and
interest paid by domestic corporations to nonresident aliens, stating
(in relevant part):
“Under the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of Brushaber v. Union Pacific Railway Co.,
decided January 24, 1916, it is hereby held that income accruing to
nonresident aliens in the form of interest from the bonds and
dividends on the stock of domestic corporations is subject to the
income tax imposed by the act of October 3, 1913.”
From this, tax protesters conclude that Frank R. Brushaber (the
plaintiff in the Brushaber decision) was a nonresident alien,
or was an agent for nonresident aliens. But the opinion of the
District Court clearly states that Brushaber was a citizen and
resident of New York, and there is nothing in the District Court or
Supreme Court opinions or records to suggest that Brushaber was
acting for anyone other than himself.
In Treasury Decision 2313, all that the Commissioner was saying is
that the income tax is constitutional, and now we are going to start
collecting the tax from nonresident aliens as well citizens or
residents. There is nothing in that Treasury Decision, or any other
announcement of the government before or since, to suggest that the
income tax should not be collected from citizens or residents of the
United States.
Furthermore, even if the Commissioner intended to announce that
the federal income tax applied only to nonresident aliens, that
announcement could not change the purpose or effect of the statutes
enacted by Congress, which clearly apply to every
citizen or resident of the United States.
The claim that “United States citizens and residents are not
subject to tax on their wages or other income derived from sources
within the United States, as only foreign based income or income
received by nonresident aliens and foreign corporations from sources
within the United States is taxable, and similar arguments described
as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2004-30, 2004-1 C.B. 622” has been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Wages paid within the United States are
not a “source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
The Office of Management and Budget does not require
any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as applying only
to nonresident aliens.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes
an ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
More semantic games from people desperate to evade taxes.
Tax protesters claim that, before anyone can be liable for a tax,
there must be a statute that specifically says that the person is
liable for the tax (and must use the word “liable”).
However, that is not what the law requires.
In its various subsections, section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code
says that
“There is hereby imposed on the taxable income
of every [married individual, surviving spouse, head of a household,
unmarried individual, or married individual filing a separate return]
a tax determined in accordance with the following table.. ..”
As explained in the regulations:
“Section 1 of the Code imposes an income tax on
the income of every individual who is a citizen or resident of the
United States ....”
Treas. Reg. § 1.1-1(a)(1).
The word “impose” means “to establish or apply
as compulsory; levy.” So how can a tax be “imposed”
if no one is compelled to pay it? The answer is that it can’t.
If a tax is imposed on a person’s income, then that person is
liable for the tax as a matter of law.
In a bankruptcy dispute over the allowance of interest on unpaid
taxes as a claim against the estate of the bankrupt, the Supreme
Court stated the self-evident proposition that:
“The imposition of a tax is certainly a function
of government and creates an obligation....”
U.S. v. Childs, 266 U.S. 304 (1924).
Also, I.R.C. section 6151 directs that any person required to file
a return “shall, without assessment or notice and demand from
the Secretary, pay such tax to the internal revenue officer with whom
the return is filed, and shall pay such tax at the time and place
fixed for filing the return.”
The words “shall ... pay” certainly look like an
obligation to pay, and the Supreme Court has held that the United
States may enforce a stamp tax through a suit to collect the amount
of the tax from the person required to pay the tax, even though the
statute did not impose any personal liability for the tax, stating:
“When a statute says that a person shall pay a
given tax, it obviously imposes upon that person the duty to pay...”
U.S. v. Chamberlin, 219 US 250 (1910).
As explained below, the obligation to file a
return is established by I.R.C. section 6012. A person having more
than a stated minimum of income is required to file a return and,
according to section 6151, is required to pay the tax shown on the
return.
So what have the courts said about the claim that there is no one
liable for the tax imposed on their incomes?
“The payment of income taxes is not optional ...
and the average citizen knows that payment of income taxes is legally
required.”
Schiff v. United States, 919 F.2d 830, 834 (2nd Cir. 1990).
“Purportedly in support of his claim, plaintiff
submitted a statement along with the Form 1040, in which he argues
that no provision of the IRC establishes an income tax ‘liability.’
The plain language of the IRC, however, belies this assertion,
stating in section 1 that a tax is ‘hereby IMPOSED on the
taxable income of every individual’ (emphasis added). Although
plaintiff attempts to distinguish between ‘imposing’ a
tax and creating a ‘liability’ for a tax, there is no
difference. Every individual has an affirmative duty to pay taxes.”
Porcaro v. United States, 84 AFTR2d ¶99-5547,
No. 99-CV-60406-AA (U.S.D.C. E.D. Mich. October 25, 1999).
“Sasscer makes the puzzling argument that
section 1461 is the only provision in the Internal Revenue Code that
imposes liability for payment of a tax on ‘income.’
Without belaboring the issue, the Court notes that 26 U.S.C. section
1 could hardly be more clear in imposing a tax on ‘income.’”
United States v. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5317,
n. 3, 2000 TNT 186-76, No. Y-97-3026 (D.C. Md. 8/25/2000).
“Plaintiff’s arguments are no less
frivolous here. [Footnote omitted.] First, Plaintiff argues the Code
does not impose a tax ‘liability’. The plain language of
the Code belies this, stating the tax is ‘imposed’. See
96 [sic] U.S.C. section 1. He attempts to distinguish between
‘imposing’ a tax and creating a ‘liability’
for tax. The Court fails to see a difference. Individuals have an
affirmative duty to pay taxes.”
Tornichio v. United States, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-582,
KTC 1998-71 (N.D.Ohio 1998), (suit for refund of frivolous return
penalties dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing a frivolous
refund suit), aff’d 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 5248, 99-1 U.S. Tax
Cas. (CCH) ¶50,394,
83 AFTR2d ¶99-579,
KTC 1999-147 (6th Cir. 1999), (with sanctions imposed for filing a
frivolous appeal).
“Appellants’ argument that the Internal
Revenue Code does not define income or impose income tax liability on
individuals is also meritless. 26 U.S.C. section 1 clearly imposes
income tax liability on individuals.”
Liddane v. Commissioner, KTC 2000-28, No. 99-5499 (3d Cir.
1/14/2000), aff’ng T.C. Memo 1999-330 (referring to “the
same partially incomprehensible but thoroughly frivolous arguments
that they are not liable for Federal income taxes,” the Tax
Court imposed sanctions of $10,000 for each docketed case for filing
frivolous petitions).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (7) no statutory authority exists for imposing an
income tax on individuals....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“The Plaintiffs further assert, in their Reply
Memorandum dated September 12, 2005, that the ‘IRS has
repeatedly refused to show [Plaintiffs] where in the [Internal
Revenue] Code it makes [Plaintiffs] “liable for” the tax
they claim is owed.’ Plfs.’ Reply at p. 7. The Plaintiffs
allege that it is ‘abundantly unclear’ what the term
taxpayer, as used throughout the IRC, means, and state that ‘when
[the United States] can show where [Plaintiffs are] ‘subject
to” or “liable for” a so-called tax, at that point
[Plaintiff] will gladly pay the tax.’ Id. At 4, 10. However,
the Government does not have the burden of showing the Plaintiffs
‘where’ they are ‘subject’ or ‘liable
for’ the tax before the tax is paid. The comprehensive
administrative enforcement scheme and judicial review process with
which the Government is required to proceed under the IRS code is
well established and none of it requires the Government to answer the
Plaintiffs’ philosophical questions regarding the tax system.
For a clear explanation of ‘where in the law subjects the
Plaintiffs to tax,’ the court directs the Plaintiffs’
attention to Amendment XVI of the Constitution and the Internal
Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 1, which is entitled ‘Tax
Imposed.’”
Celauro v. United States, 411 F. Supp. 2D 257, 269, 2006
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 3147, 2006-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) P50,168, 97
A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 761, No. 05-cv-02245-ADS-WDW (U.S.D.C. E.D. N.Y.
1/28/2006).
See also, United States v. Moore, 692 F.2d 95 (10th Cir.
1979); United States v. Slater, 545 F.Supp. 179 (Del. 1982).
An attorney named Thomas J. Carley argued before the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that “[n]owhere
in any of the Statutes of the United States is there any section of
law making any individual liable to pay a tax or excise on ‘taxable
income.’” The Second Circuit responded that “Section
1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (26 U.S.C.) (hereinafter the
Code) provides in plain, clear and precise language that ‘[t]here
is hereby imposed the taxable income of every individual ... a tax
determined in accordance with’ tables set-out later in the
statute. ... Despite the appellant’s attempted contorted
construction of the statutory scheme, we find that it coherently and
forthrightly imposed upon the appellant tax upon his income for the
year 1980.” Ficalora v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
751 F.2d 85, 88 (2d Cir. 1984), cert. den. 471 U.S. 1005 (1985).
Oddly enough, the same attorney raised nearly the identical
argument before the Eighth Circuit, arguing that there was “no
law imposing an income tax” on his clients. The Eighth Circuit
held that the appeal was “frivolous” and imposed a
penalty on the appellants of double the Commissioner’s costs of
the appeal. Lively v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 705
F.2d 1017, 1018 (8th Cir. 1983).
Even more incredibly, only a year after losing the Lively
appeal, and six months after losing the Ficalora appeal,
the same attorney, Thomas J. Carley, raises the same idiot issue with
the 10th Circuit, questioning “Whether there is any law or
statute imposing an income tax on appellants for the year 1977 and,
if such a law or statute is claimed to exist, what is the precise
citation of such law or statute?” The 10th Circuit quoted from
both the Ficalora and Lively opinions in answer to his
question, and then spent the rest of the opinion explaining why it
was going to impose sanctions on Mr. Carley personally (not his
clients).
“It is obvious that despite having full
knowledge of the learned opinions of two different Article III courts
and the accurate reasoning of the Tax Court in Manley [v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 46 T.C.M. 1359 (1983), another case
lost by Mr. Carley)] concerning his arguments, Carley has failed to
learn that he has no right to occupy the time of such courts with
frivolous, unreasonable and vexatious proceedings, and that if he
does so, he exposes not only his clients but also himself personally
to sanctions.”
Charczuk v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 771 F.2d 471,
474 (10th Cir. 1985).
The court also referred to Mr. Carley’s arguments as
“meritless,” “preposterous,” “nearly
silly,” and “thoroughly defy[ing] common sense.”
As silly as this claim might be, the IRS has publicly refuted it.
“The requirement to file an income tax return is
explicitly stated in sections 6011(a), 6012(a), and 6072(a) [of the
Internal Revenue Code] and corresponding Treasury Regulations. In
addition, section 6151 requires taxpayers to submit payment of their
taxes with their tax returns. Under these provisions of the Code, any
taxpayer who has received more than a statutorily determined amount
of gross income during the tax year is required to file a return for
the year and pay tax on the income.”
Rev. Rul. 2007-20, 2007-14
IRB 863, 864.
And so the claim that “Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code
imposes a requirement to file a return or pay tax” has been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters like to claim that the IRS and the courts have
“never shown them the law” that makes them liable for the
federal income tax, and therefore the law must not exist. But as
shown above the courts have repeatedly cited sections 1, 6012, and
6151, but tax protesters pay no attention.
The IRS has also published numerous documents citing the laws that
require that returns be filed and taxes be paid, of which Rev. Rul.
2007-20, cited and quoted above, is only the most recent. The IRS now
has a web page devoted entirely to frivolous arguments, which
presently includes the following:
“The requirement to pay taxes is not voluntary
and is clearly set forth in section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code,
which imposes a tax on the taxable income of individuals, estates,
and trusts as determined by the tables set forth in that section.
(Section 11 imposes a tax on the taxable income of
corporations.)Furthermore, the obligation to pay tax is
described in section 6151, which requires taxpayers to submit payment
with their tax returns.  Failure to pay taxes could subject the
noncomplying individual to criminal penalties, including fines and
imprisonment, as well as civil penalties.”
“The
Truth About Frivolous Tax Arguments,” Section
A.2 (“Contention: Payment of tax is voluntary”)
(11/30/2006).
Tax protesters can claim that “no one has shown me the law”
only because they have their eyes tightly shut.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The requirement to file a return is based
on the receipt of income in excess of the exemption amount, but the
exemption amount is not specified by the statute and so there is no
enforceable obligation to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
I have a letter from the IRS saying that I am not
required to file an income tax return.
I am not required to file a tax return because I
wrote a letter to the IRS demanding to know where in the Internal
Revenue Code it says I am required to file and the IRS has failed to
respond.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires
an ordinary citizen to file a return.
This is a ridiculous claim. Section 6012(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code plainly states that “Returns with respect to
income taxes under Subtitle A shall be made by the following: (1)(A)
Every individual having for the taxable year gross income which
equals or exceeds the exemption amount....”
And Treas. Reg. § 1.6012-1(a)(6)
provides that “Form 1040 is prescribed for general use in
making the return required under this paragraph.”
Tax protesters sometimes claim that returns are required only of
“persons liable” in accordance with section 6001, and
that no return is required unless there is first a statute making the
taxpayer “liable.” Unfortunately for tax protesters,
section 6001 is only a general rule that applies to taxes in the
absence of a more specific rule, the specific rule for income tax
returns is found in section 6012, and section 6012 says nothing about
any “person liable.” Section 6012 requires a person to
file a return if the person has more than a certain amount of gross
income. Because the obligation to file is based on gross
income and not taxable income, there is no mention of any
tax liability. (Because of deductions from gross income, there may be
no taxable income, and so the taxpayer may be required to file a
return even if there is no tax liability.)
Section 6012 therefore provides a very clear and very mechanical
rule that requires people to file returns if they have more than a
certain amount of income. If the return shows that tax is due, then
section 6151 directs the person filing the return to pay the tax.
(This is explained above in more detail.)
And so the courts have held that individuals are required to file
tax returns.
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (9) individuals are not required to file tax returns
fully reporting their income....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“The statutes themselves require the payment of
the tax and the filing of a return. 26 U.S.C. § 6012. ...
[The] duty to pay those taxes is manifest on the face of the
statutes, without any resort to IRS rules, forms or regulations.”
United States v. Bowers, 920 F.2d 220, 222 (4th Cir. 1990).
“Upon review of May’s amended peition, we
find no allegations of fact which could give rise to a valid claim;
rather, the complaint merely contains conclusory assertions attacking
the constitutionality of the Internal Revenue Code and its
application to the taxpayer.[Footnote omitted.] Tax protest cases
like this one raise no genuine controversy; the underlying legal
issues have long been settled. See, e.g., Abrams, 82 T.C. at
406-07 (citing cases rejecting similar arguments). Because May’s
petition raised no justiciable claims, the Tax Court properly
dismissed the petition for failure to state a claim.”
May v. C.I.R., 752 F.2d 1301, 1302 (8th Cir. 1985), (among
other things, May’s amended complaint alleged that “The
Respondent has added penalties for Petitioner not filing a return
(1040) when in fact there is NO SECTION of the Internal Revenue Code
that ‘REQUIRES’ anyone to file.” 752 F.2d at 1304,
note 3).
“The assertion that the filing of an income tax
return is voluntary is, likewise, frivolous. Title 26, United States
Code, Section 6012(a)(1)(A), ‘requires that every individual
who earns a threshold level of income must file a tax return.’
[citation omitted] Failure to file an income tax return subjects an
individual to criminal penalty.”
United States v. Hartman, 915 F.Supp. 1227 (M.D.Fla. 1996).
See also, United States v. Pottorf, 769 F.Supp. 1176, 1183
(D.Kan. 1991).
As silly as this claim might be, the IRS has publicly refuted it.
“The requirement to file an income tax return is
explicitly stated in sections 6011(a), 6012(a), and 6072(a) [of the
Internal Revenue Code] and corresponding Treasury Regulations. In
addition, section 6151 requires taxpayers to submit payment of their
taxes with their tax returns. Under these provisions of the Code, any
taxpayer who has received more than a statutorily determined amount
of gross income during the tax year is required to file a return for
the year and pay tax on the income.”
Rev. Rul. 2007-20, 2007-14
IRB 863, 864.
And so the claim that “Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code
imposes a requirement to file a return or pay tax” has been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters like to claim that the IRS and the courts have
“never shown them the law” that requires them to file a
return, and therefore the law must not exist. But as shown above the
courts have repeatedly cited section 6012, but tax protesters pay no
attention.
The IRS has also published numerous documents citing the laws that
require that returns be filed and taxes be paid, of which Rev. Rul.
2007-20, cited and quoted above, is only the most recent. In fact,
the law requiring the filing of a return is cited in the instructions
to Form 1040 itself. The “Disclosure, Privacy Act, and
Paperwork Reduction Act Notice” on page 80 of the 2006
instructions to Form 1040 includes the following:
“Our legal right to ask for information is
Internal Revenue Code sections 6001, 6011, and 6012(a), and their
regulations. They say that you must file a return or statement with
us for any tax you are liable for. Your response is mandatory under
these sections.”
The IRS now has a web page devoted entirely to frivolous
arguments, which presently includes the following:
“The requirement to file an income tax return is
not voluntary and is clearly set forth in sections 6011(a), 6012(a),
et seq., and 6072(a). See also Treas. Reg. § 1.6011-1(a).”
“The
Truth About Frivolous Tax Arguments,” Section
A.1 (“Contention: The filing of a tax return is voluntary”)
(11/30/2006).
Tax protesters can claim that “no one has shown me the law”
only because they have their eyes tightly shut.
Related topics:
You cannot be required to file an income tax
return because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th
Amendment guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against
yourself.
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income tax
return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment rights
against unreasonable searches and seizures.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
The requirement to file a return is based
on the receipt of income in excess of the exemption amount, but the
exemption amount is not specified by the statute and so there is no
enforceable obligation to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore,
failing to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented
by regulations.
The Office of Management and Budget does not require
any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as applying only
to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
I have a letter from the IRS saying that I am not
required to file an income tax return.
I am not required to file a tax return because I
wrote a letter to the IRS demanding to know where in the Internal
Revenue Code it says I am required to file and the IRS has failed to
respond.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The requirement to file a return is
based on the receipt of income in excess of the exemption amount, but
the exemption amount is not specified by the statute and so there is
no enforceable obligation to file a return.
More grasping at straws.
An income tax return is required when gross income exceeds a
certain dollar amount. See I.R.C. § 6012(a)(1). However,
the dollar amount is adjusted each year for inflation. Some tax
protesters have therefore argued that, because the threshold dollar
amount required for a return is not specified in the statute, no
return is ever required. This argument completely ignores the fact
that (a) the filing thresholds are published by the IRS in the
instructions to Form 1040 and can be found quite easily by any
taxpayer willing to look, (b) the filing thresholds are also
published by the IRS in a Revenue Procedure in November or December
before the April 15th when the returns are due, and (c)
the mathematics of calculating the thresholds are relatively simple
and can be verified by anyone willing to look up the statutory
formula and the relevant consumer price index published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics. In fact, there is a professor of accounting who
calculates the inflation-adjustments each year in September and
publishes the relevant numbers (and formulas) for anyone who wishes
to know.
The courts have therefore rejected claims that the filing
thresholds are not adequately defined and that tax returns are not
required.
Clayton’s argument that an exemption amount
based on the CPI cannot trigger tax liability is unpersuasive.
Clayton’s obligation to file a federal income tax return is
derived from 26 U.S.C. § 6012. Section 6012, being a
congressionally enacted federal statute, is not the rule of an
“agency” as the term agency is defined by the APA.
[Citation omitted.] The fact that § 6012 incorporates by
reference the CPI, which is compiled and published by an agency of
the DOL, does not cause the APA to be invoked. In this context, the
CPI is simply an ascertainable numerical standard, and there is no
requirement that such a standard incorporated into a statute be
itself an enforceable rule of law.
Charles Thomas Clayton v. United States, 506 F.3d 405 (5th
Cir. 2007), cert. den. No. 07-904 (4/14/2008).
“Every individual with gross income equaling or
exceeding the “exemption amount” is required to file a
federal income tax return. 26 U.S.C. § 6012(a)(1). The
relevant exemption amount is defined by 26 U.S.C. § 151(d). 26
U.S.C. § 6012(a)(1)(D)(ii). Pond argues the lack of a specific
amount designated by § 151(d) prevents penalizing him for
non-compliance as it is unclear whether his income exceeds the
necessary threshold for mandatory filing.“Pond is
mistaken: the Internal Revenue Code provides a specific amount. The
exemption amount is generally defined as $2,000. 26 U.S.C. § 151(d).
This general exemption amount is then modified by a cost-of-living
adjustment as provided for by the Code’s reference to the
Consumer Price Index at 26 U.S.C. § 1(f)(3)-(6). The Code’s
provision of a specific number and statutory formula for adjusting
that number defies Pond’s contention that the exemption amount
is inadequately defined for him to be penalized for noncompliance. We
reject his argument.”
Pond v. Commissioner, 211 Fed. Appx. 749, 2007 TNT 5-8
(10th Cir. 2007), aff’ng T.C. Memo. 2005-255.
“In his response to respondent’s motion
for summary judgment, petitioner does not renew the argument, alluded
to in his petition, that he is entitled to relief because the
“exemption amount is unspecified in law” . We deem
petitioner to have abandoned any such argument. In any event, insofar
as we are able to discern from the petition, it would appear that in
making this assignment of error petitioner sought to associate
himself with the recurring tax- protester argument that sec. 151(d)
inadequately defines the exemption amount to permit a taxpayer to be
penalized for noncompliance. Such an argument is frivolous.”
Pate v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2007-132 (5/29/2007).
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore,
failing to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented
by regulations.
The Office of Management and Budget does not require
any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as applying only
to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax is voluntary.
This is a corruption of statements made by the IRS, the courts,
and Congress to encourage taxpayer compliance with the tax laws,
without the need for legal action against taxpayers.
A quotation frequently taken out of context by tax protesters is
the following by the U.S. Supreme Court:
“Our tax system is based upon voluntary
assessment and payment and not upon distraint.”
Flora v. United States, 362 U.S. 145, 175.
This quotation is out of context, because the court first noted
that the government could collect the tax by exercising its power of
distraint, “but we cannot believe that completing resort to
this extraordinary procedure is either wise or in accord with
congressional intent.” 362 U.S. at 175. In other words,
Congress can collect taxes by force, but the court believed that
Congress intended to give taxpayers an opportunity to comply before
exercising that force.
This is better explained in Helvering v. Mitchell, (which
was cited in the Flora decision), as follows:
“In assessing income taxes, the Government
relies primarily upon the disclosure by the taxpayer of the relevant
facts. This disclosure it requires him to make in his annual return.
To ensure full and honest disclosure, to discourage fraudulent
attempts to evade the tax, Congress imposes sanctions. Such sanctions
may confessedly be either criminal or civil.”
Helvering v. Mitchell, 303 U.S. 391, 399 (1938).
When confronted by claims that income taxes are “voluntary,”
courts readily explain that the payment of income tax is mandatory,
not optional:
“Appellants’ claim that payment of federal
income tax is voluntary clearly lacks substance.”
United States v. Gerads, 999 F.2d 1255 (8th Cir. 1993),
cert. den. 510 U.S. 1193 (1994).
“The payment of income taxes is not optional ...
and the average citizen knows that payment of income taxes is legally
required.”
Schiff v. United States, 919 F.2d 830, 834 (2nd Cir. 1990).
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (6) the income tax is voluntary... “
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“Any assertion that the payment of income taxes
is voluntary is without merit. It is without question that the
payment of income taxes is not voluntary. [citations omitted] The
assertion that the filing of an income tax return is voluntary is,
likewise, frivolous.”
United States v. Hartman, 915 F.Supp. 1227 (M.D.Fla. 1996).
“Based on his belief that the income tax system
is based on voluntary compliance, Beresford wrote the IRS to explain
that he had voluntarily chosen not to comply and would not be paying
overdue income taxes for 1987, 1988, and 1989. The IRS issued a
federal tax lien against him, which it satisfied by withholding
$14,609.97 from the sale of Beresford’s house in October 1999.
Beresford seeks to recover that sum plus interest and costs. He also
seeks a permanent injunction ‘forbidding defendant from
contacting him against his wishes and from directly or indirectly
interfering in any other aspect of his life.’ Complaint at 11.
... Beresford’s primary contention, however, that the federal
income tax system is based on voluntary compliance, has been held to
be ‘completely lacking in legal merit and patently frivolous.’”
Steven M. Beresford v. IRS, et al., 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5200,
No. 00-293-KI (July 13, 2000).
“The federal income tax is not voluntary, and a
person may not elect to opt out of the federal tax laws by a
unilateral act of revocation and recission.”
United States v. John L. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5317,
2000 TNT 186-76, No. Y-97-3026 (D.C. Md. 8/25/2000), (footnote
omitted).
“Upon review of May’s amended peition, we
find no allegations of fact which could give rise to a valid claim;
rather, the complaint merely contains conclusory assertions attacking
the constitutionality of the Internal Revenue Code and its
application to the taxpayer.[Footnote omitted.] Tax protest cases
like this one raise no genuine controversy; the underlying legal
issues have long been settled. See, e.g., Abrams, 82 T.C. at
406-07 (citing cases rejecting similar arguments). Because May’s
petition raised no justiciable claims, the Tax Court properly
dismissed the petition for failure to state a claim.”
May v. C.I.R., 752 F.2d 1301, 1302 (8th Cir. 1985), (among
other things, May’s amended complaint alleged that “The
filing of an ‘imcome’ [sic] tax return is ‘VOLUNTARY’
and penalties can not be instituted against a voluntary act since to
do so would make the act ‘mandatory.’” 752 F.2d at
1304, note 3).
“His [Harris’s] claims that the payment of
federal income taxes is voluntary, and that the IRS fraudulently
induced him to pay his taxes by withholding that fact, are clearly
without merit.”
Harris v. Irene Kinahan, et al., 87 AFTR2d ¶2001-984,
No. 00-5258 (3rd Cir. 18 May 2001).
See also, United States v. Raymond, 228 F.3d 804, 812 (7th
Cir. 2000); Hyslep v. United States, 765 F.2d 1083, 1084 (11th
Cir. 1985); Ginter v. Southern, 611 F.2d 1226, 1229 & n.2
(8th Cir. 1979), cert. den., 446 U.S. 967 (1980); Funk v.
Commissioner, 687 F.2d 264, 265 (8th Cir. 1982); Lesoon v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 141 F.3d 1185, 1998 WL 166114
(10th Cir. 1998); Damron v. Yellow Freight System, Inc., 18 F.
Supp. 2d 812, 819-20 (E.D. Tenn. 1998), aff’d, 188 F.3d
506 (6th Cir. 1999); Wilcox v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
848 F.2d 1007, 1008 (9th Cir. 1988).
The claims that “(1) Compliance with the internal revenue
laws is voluntary or optional and not required by law, including
arguments that: a. Filing a Federal tax or information return or
paying tax is purely voluntary under the law,” or similar
arguments described as frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2007-20, 2007-14
I.R.B. 863, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding certificate)
is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
I have revoked my consent to be a taxpayer.
Taking quotations out of context.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax is only binding on people
who have entered into contracts with the government, such as by
applying for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or
other governmental benefit or privilege.
Similar to the idea that the income tax is “voluntary”
is the claim that a federal income tax return is a form of contract
and is therefore voluntary, or invalid if entered into under duress.
This claim is also uniformly rejected:
“The notion that the federal income tax is
contractual or otherwise consensual in nature is not only utterly
without foundation but, despite McLaughlin’s protestations to
the contrary, has been repeatedly rejected by the courts.”
McLaughlin v. United States, 832 F2d 986 (7th Cir. 1987).
“Drefke argues that taxes are debts which can
only be imposed voluntarily when individuals contract with the
government for services and that those who choose to enter such
contracts do so by signing 1040 and W-4 forms. By refusing to sign
those forms, Drefke argues that he is ‘immune’ from the
Internal Revenue Service’s jurisdiction as a
‘nontaxpayer.’“This is an imaginative
argument, but totally without arguable merit. 26 U.S.C. § 1
imposes upon ‘every’ individual a certain rate of income
tax depending on their amount of taxable income. 26 U.S.C. § 6012
states that unmarried individuals having a gross income in excess of
$4,300, and married individuals entitled to make joint returns having
a gross income in excess of $5,400 ‘shall’ file tax
returns for the taxable year. Considering Drefke’s gross income
for 1979 and 1980, he was clearly required to file tax returns for
those years.“26 U.S.C. § 6151 states that
when a tax return is required to be filed, the person so required
‘shall’ pay such taxes to the internal revenue officer
with whom the return is filed at the fixed time and place. The
sections of the Internal Revenue Code imposed a duty on Drefke to
file tax returns and pay the appropriate rate of income tax, a duty
which he chose to ignore.”
United States v. Drefke, 707 F.2d 978, 981 (8th Cir. 1983),
cert. den., sub nom., Jameson v. United States, 464 U.S. 942
(1983).
“Furthermore, Olson’s attempt to escape
tax ... by claiming that he had obtained no privilege from a
governmental agency illustrate the frivolous nature of his position.
This court has ... has also rejected the idea that a person is liable
for tax only if he benefits from a governmental privilege.”
Olson v. United States, 760 F.2d 1003, 1005 (9th Cir.
1985).
“All individuals, freeborn and nonfreeborn,
natural and unnatural alike, must pay federal income tax on their
wages, regardless of whether they have requested, obtained or
exercised any privilege from the federal government.”
United States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d 499, 501 (7th Cir. 1991),
cert. den. 112 S.Ct. 940 (1992).
See also, United States v. Keys, 1993 WL 101442, No. 923729
(6th Cir. 4/6/1993) (rejecting the argument that IRS may only gain
jurisdiction over a “sovereign human being” by means of a
signed contract or agreement to which the “human being”
would be a party).
The claim that “Only persons who have contracted with the
government by applying for a governmental privilege or benefit, such
as holding a Social Security number, are subject to tax, and those
who have contracted with the government may choose to revoke the
contract at will,” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities” such as the sale of alcohol, tobacco, and
firearms, or from interstate commerce.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding certificate)
is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
I have revoked my consent to be a taxpayer.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding
certificate) is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
As explained above, the federal income tax is
not based on contract or consent, but is an obligation imposed by
law. Similarly, Form W-4 is not an “agreement” but a
document required by law to be filed with the employer (and not the
IRS). And if an employee does not file a Form W-4 with the employer,
the consequence is not freedom from tax but tax withholding at the
highest possible rate. (There are also possible civil penalties.)
I.R.C. section 3402(f)(2)(A) provides as follows:
“On or before the date of the commencement of
employment with an employer, the employee shall furnish the employer
with a signed withholding exemption certificate relating to the
number of withholding exemptions which he claims, which shall in no
event exceed the number to which he is entitled.”
And Treas. Reg. section 31.3402(f)(5)-1(a) states that “Form
W-4 is the form prescribed for the withholding exemption certificate
required to be filed under section 3402(f)(2).”
The words “shall” in the statute, and “required”
in the regulation, show that the furnishing of the form is not
optional, and not the basis of an agreement.
The failure to provide a Form W-4 to an employer means that the
employer must withhold income tax at the rate for a single employee
with no exemptions (i.e., the highest possible rate).
“The employer is required to request a
withholding exemption certificate from each employee, but if the
employee fails to furnish such certificate, such employee shall be
considered as a single person claiming no withholding exemptions.”
Treas. Reg. Section 31.3402(f)(2)-1(a).
Another other possible consequence is a civil penalty. Treas. Reg.
Section 301.6109-1(b)(1) states:
“Every U.S. person who makes under this title a
return, statement, or other document must furnish its own taxpayer
identifying number as required by the forms and the accompanying
instructions. A U.S. person whose number must be included on a
document filed by another person must give the taxpayer identifying
number so required to the other person on request. For penalties for
failure to supply taxpayer identifying numbers, see sections 6721
through 6724.”
I.R.C. section 6723 is titled “Failure to Comply with Other
Information Reporting Requirements,” and it provides as
follows:
“In the case of a failure by any person to
comply with a specified information reporting requirement on or
before the time prescribed therefor, such person shall pay a penalty
of $50 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such
person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not
exceed $100,000.”
For this reason, the instructions to Form W-9 (but not Form W-4)
states that, “Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to
furnish your correct TIN to a requester, you are subject to a penalty
of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable
cause and not to willful neglect.”
Related topics:
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
I have revoked my consent to be a taxpayer.
[Return to Table of Contents]
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
The Social Security Act may not require people to apply for Social
Security numbers, but the Internal Revenue Code does.
The claim that there is no requirement to apply for, or have, a
Social Security number seems to be based on various statements by the
Social Security Administration that Social Security is not
“mandatory” or that you are not required to provide a
social security number except for purposes of Social Security
benefits. But both federal law and the Social Security Administration
recognize that both federal and state governments can require a
Social Security number to comply with laws having nothing to do with
the Social security systems.
The Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2(C)(i), includes the
following:
“It is the policy of the United States that any
State (or political subdivision thereof) may, in the administration
of any tax, general public assistance, driver’s license, or
motor vehicle registration law within its jurisdiction, utilize the
social security account numbers issued by the Commissioner of Social
Security for the purpose of establishing the identification of
individuals affected by such law, and may require any individual who
is or appears to be so affected to furnish to such State (or
political subdivision thereof) or any agency thereof having
administrative responsibility for the law involved, the social
security account number (or numbers, if he has more than one such
number) issued to him by the Commissioner of Social Security.”
The “Answers to Your Questions” section of the web
pages of the Social Security Administration (www.ssa.gov) includes
the following:
Specific laws require a person to provide his/her SSN
for certain purposes. While we cannot give you a comprehensive list
of all situations where an SSN might be required or requested, an SSN
is required/requested by:* Internal Revenue Service for tax
returns and federal loans* Employers for wage and tax reporting
purposes* States for the school lunch program * Banks for
monetary transactions * Veterans Administration as a hospital
admission number * Department of Labor for workers’
compensation * Department of Education for Student Loans *
States to administer any tax, general public assistance, motor
vehicle or drivers license law within its jurisdiction * States
for child support enforcement * States for commercial driver’s
licenses * States for Food Stamps * States for Medicaid *
States for Unemployment Compensation * States for Temporary
Assistance to Needy Families * U.S. Treasury for U.S. Savings
Bonds The Privacy Act regulates the use of SSNs by government
agencies. When a Federal, State, or local government agency asks an
individual to disclose his or her Social Security number, the Privacy
Act requires the agency to inform the person of the following: the
statutory or other authority for requesting the information; whether
disclosure is mandatory or voluntary; what uses will be made of the
information; and the consequences, if any, of failure to provide the
information.
(Category:
Social Security Numbers and Cards; Answer ID: 78; Last Updated:
12/23/2003 at 6:49 a.m.)
And a Social Security number is clearly required to comply with
the filing requirements for the federal income tax.
Section 6109(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code states that, when
required by regulations prescribed by the Secretary:
“Any person required under the authority of this
title to make a return, statement, or other document shall include in
such return, statement, or other document such identifying number as
may be prescribed for securing proper identification of such person.”
Section 6109(d) states:
“The social security account number issued to an
individual for purposes of section 205(c)(2)(A) of the Social
Security Act shall, except as shall otherwise be specified under
regulations of the Secretary, be used as the identifying number for
such individual for purposes of this title.”
Treas. Reg. section 6109-1(a)(1)(ii)(A) states that
“(A) Except as otherwise provided in paragraphs
(a)(1)(ii)(B) and (D) of this section, an individual required to
furnish a taxpayer identifying number must use a social security
number.”
And Treas. Reg. Section 301.6109-1(b)(1) states:
“Every U.S. person who makes under this title a
return, statement, or other document must furnish its own taxpayer
identifying number as required by the forms and the accompanying
instructions. A U.S. person whose number must be included on a
document filed by another person must give the taxpayer identifying
number so required to the other person on request. For penalties for
failure to supply taxpayer identifying numbers, see sections 6721
through 6724.”
I.R.C. section 6723 is titled “Failure to Comply with Other
Information Reporting Requirements,” and it provides as
follows:
“In the case of a failure by any person to
comply with a specified information reporting requirement on or
before the time prescribed therefor, such person shall pay a penalty
of $50 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such
person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not
exceed $100,000.”
I.R.C. section 6724(d)(3) defines “specified information
reporting requirement” as including “(B) any requirement
contained in the regulations prescribed under section 6109 that
person (i) include his TIN on any return, statement, or other
document (other than an information return or payee statement....”
It is therefore clear that a Social Security is required for Forms
1040, W-4, and other forms and documents required by the Internal
Revenue Code and regulations and that the failure to provide a Social
Security number can result in a civil penalty.
Although failing to provide a Social Security number on a tax
return might not be a crime in itself, an intentional failure to
provide a Social Security number could be construed to be evidence of
a willful attempt to evade taxes, and so support a criminal
conviction for tax evasion. Although no court decision has been found
that addresses that exact issue, there are at least two court
decisions upholding the convictions of persons who stopped using
their Social Security numbers on tax returns. See United States v.
Simkanin, 420 F.3d 397, 2005 TNT 167-10 (5th Cir.
2005), cert. den. ___ U.S. ___, No. 05-948 (5/1/2006) (defendant’s
convictions for knowingly presenting false refund claims and
willfully failing to file tax returns upheld; evidence included
testimony “that he did not want his name to appear on documents
requiring his social security number”); United States v.
Neujahr, 173 F.3d 853, KTC 1999-135 (4th Cir. 1999) (evidence in
support of convictions on four counts of tax evasion including the
filing of Forms 1040-NR without Social Security numbers and the
defendant’s own testimony that he had “stopped using his
Social Security number altogether”).
A possible economic (not legal) consequence of failing to provide
a Social Security number to an employer is termination of employment,
because an employer has the right to fire an employee who fails to
provide a Form W-4 with the employee’s Social Security number.
And this is true even if the employee refuses to apply for or provide
a Social Security number for religious reasons, as numerous courts
have confirmed.
“It is uncontested that (1) Plaintiff sincerely
believes that his religion prevents him from providing a social
security number, (2) Plaintiff informed Defendant of his belief, and
(3) Defendant refused to hire Plaintiff because he did not provide
Defendant with a social security number. Nevertheless, Defendant
argues, and the district court held, that Plaintiff cannot establish
a prima facie case, because Defendant is required by law to obtain
Plaintiff’s social security number. Specifically, the
Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), 8 C.F.R. §
274a.2(a) & (b)(1)(i), 8 C.F.R. § 274a.10(b)(2); Immigration
Form I-9; and the Internal Revenue Code (IRC), 26 U.S.C. §
6109(a)(3) & (d), require employers to provide the social
security numbers of their employees.“Although they have
disagreed on the rationale, courts agree that an employer is not
liable under Title VII [of the Civil Rights Act of 1964] when
accommodating an employee’s religious beliefs would require the
employer to violate federal or state law.”
Sutton v. Providence St. Joseph Med. Ctr., 192 F.3d 826,
830-31 (9th Cir. 1999) (also rejecting claims under the Religious
Freedom Restoration Act).
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals has also upheld the dismissal of
a suit alleging a violation of civil rights when the plaintiff was
fired by her employer, State Stores, after refusing to provide a
signed Form W-4 with her Social Security number.
“Moreover, State Stores is not only authorized,
but also legally bound to withhold and pay federal income taxes to
the Internal Revenue Service. See United States v. Lee, 455
U.S. 252, 261 (1982) (upholding the constitutionality and uniform
application of the Social Security Act, which requires employers to
withhold social security taxes from employees’ wages, even when
such withholding conflicts with an employer’s or employee’s
religious or other beliefs); Payne v. Dixie Elec. Co., 330
S.E.2d 749, 750 (Ga. App. 1985) (“an employer is not only
authorized but required to withhold federal income taxes from his
employees’ pay”); Wilhelm v. United States, 84-1
USTC 1700, *3 (E.D. Tex. 1983) (same). Thus, State Stores’
compliance with its legal obligation to withhold taxes from its
employees is not a violation of Edwards’ civil rights.”
Edwards v. Stringer, 2004 TNT 34-10, No. 03-2207 (10th Cir.
2/12/2004), (unpublished).
See also, Weber v. Leaseway Dedicated Logistics, Inc., 1999
WL 5111, at *1, No. 98-3172 (10th Cir.1999) (unpublished); Ron
Seaworth v. Bob Pearson, et al., 87 AFTR2d Par. 2001-459, 2001
TNT 23-9, No. 99-3014MN (8th Cir. (employer not required
to accommodate employee’s refusal to use Social Security number
as “mark of the beast”; employer not required to apply
for waiver of penalties under I.R.C. section 6724), E.E.O.C. v.
Allendale Nursing Ctr., 996 F.Supp. 712, 717 (W.D. Mich. 1998)
(requirement that employee obtain SSN is requirement imposed by law
and is not employment requirement; provision for waiver of penalties
under I.R.C. section 6724 does not exist to benefit employee who
caused penalties to be imposed, and employer is not required to take
steps to accommodate employee who caused penalty); Shelly L.
Baltgalvis v. Newport News Shipbuilding Inc., et al., 87 AFTR2d
Par. 2001-609, 2001 TNT 48-59, No. 4:00cv55 (U.S.D.C. E.D. Va.
2/22/2001).
A federal district court has also rejected a challenge to a tax of
31% that was withheld from the redemption of a U.S. savings bond when
the bond owner refused to provide a Social Security number, despite
the sincere religious (“mark of the Beast”) beliefs of
the bond owner. Donald Louis Steckler v. United States, 81
AFTR2d Par. 98-495, 98 TNT 54-11, No. 96-1054 (U.S.D.C. E.D. La.
1/26/1998).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
In support of the idea that employees do not need to provide
employers with a Social Security number, some tax protesters will
refer to E.E.O.C. v. Information Systems Consulting, No.
3:92-cv-0169-T (U.S.D.C. N.D. Tex. 11/3/1992), but that case is very
weak reed to lean on because:
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint was
based an allegation of religious discrimination in violation of
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1965 because the employee
claimed that applying for a Social Security would violate his
religious beliefs, so the case doesn’t do you any good unless
your religion forbids the use of Social Security numbers.
The case was settled by a consent decree and there was no
court opinion or ruling on the merits of the complaint, the consent
decree specifically stating that the decree “does not
constitute an adjudication or finding by this Court on the merits of
the allegations of the complaint,” so the case is not a
precedent that any other court would follow or rely on.
The consent decree specifies that the employer would be
withholding taxes from the compensation paid to the employee, so the
failure to provide a Social Security number did not reduce the
employee’s tax liabilities.
The obligations of the employer not to fire or refuse to hire
employees without Social Security numbers was conditioned on the
ability of the employer to obtain a waiver of penalties
under I.R.C. Section
6724, which allows for the waiver of penalties for failing to file
certain types of information returns (including payroll returns
required by employers) if the failure is due to “reasonable
cause,” so it’s still up to the IRS to decide whether
the employee has the right to refuse to provide a Social Security
number.
As shown above, the actual court decisions on this issue have
specifically rejected the claim that an employer cannot refuse to
hire (or fire) an employee who fails to provide a Social Security
number, even if the refusal is based on a sincere religious belief.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires
an ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is only binding on people
who have entered into contracts with the government, such as by
applying for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or
other governmental benefit or privilege.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding
certificate) is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax applies only to
government employees and corporate officers.
Like the argument about whether the United States
includes the states of the United States, this argument depends
on a misunderstanding of the word “includes.”
I.R.C. section 3401(c), which relates to withholding of income tax
from wages, defines the word “employee” as follows:
“For purposes of this chapter, the term
‘employee’ includes an officer, employee, or elected
official of the United States, a State, or any political subdivision
thereof, or the District of Columbia, or any agency or
instrumentality of any one or more of the foregoing. The term
‘employee’ also includes an officer of a corporation.”
I.R.C. section 3401(c).
Notice the word “includes”? As defined by I.R.C.
section 7701(c), the use of “includes”
does not exclude anything otherwise within the meaning of “employee,”
so “employee” includes what you would normally think of
as employees, as well as some things you might not ordinarily think
of as employees, such as elected officials of state and local
governments.
What have the courts said about the claim that only government
employees are subject to income tax?
“Similarly, Latham’s instruction which
indicated that under 26 U.S.C. § 3401(c) the category of
‘employee’ does not include privately employed wage
earners is a preposterous reading of the statute. It is obvious that
within the context of both statutes the word ‘includes’
is a term of enlargement not of limitation, and the reference to
certain entities or categories is not intended to exclude all
others.”
United States v. Latham, 754 F.2d 747, 750 (7th Cir. 1985).
“To the extent Sullivan argues that he received
no ‘wages’ in 1983 because he was not an ‘employee’
within the meaning of 26 U.S.C. § 3401(c), that contention
is meritless. Section 3401(c), which relates to income tax
withholding, indicates that the definition of ‘employee’
includes government officers and employees, elected officials, and
corporate officers. The statute does not purport to limit withholding
to the persons listed therein.”
Sullivan v. United States, 788 F.2d 813, 815 (1st Cir.
1986).
“Petitioner’s assertion that he is not a
person required to pay tax as he is not an officer, employee or
elected official of the United States, a State, or any political
subdivision thereof, or of a corporation, is wholly meritless.”
United States v. Rice, 659 F.2d 524, 528 (5th Cir. 1981).
“[P]laintiff’s claim that only public
officials can be taxed is completely frivolous and without merit.”
McAffee v. United States, 84 AFTR2d ¶99-5536(N.D.Ga.
1999) (sanctions imposed in the amount of $500 for filing a frivolous
claim).
“The term ‘person’ under the
Internal Revenue Code is not, as the Turners would have it, limited
to a person employed by the federal government.”
United States v. Turner, 86 AFTR2d ¸2000-5290, No.
Civ. 99-00817 SOM/FIY (U.S.D.C. Hi. 3/10/2000).
“Plaintiff’s allegation is without legal
merit as he attempts to limit ‘employees’ to employees of
the federal government. However, the term employee refers to every
individual who performs services at the direction or control of
another. See 26 CFR section 31.3306(I)-1(b). Thus, even individuals
that are not employees of the federal government are still construed
as employees within the regulation if they fit within the definition
pursuant to 26 CFR section 31.3401(c).”
Bernier v. IRS, KTC 1999-540, No. CV 98-0331-N-EJL
(U.S.D.C. Idaho 1999)
“Plaintiff’s next argument is that he is
not an ‘employee’ under 26 U.S.C. § 3401(c) because
he is not a federal officer, employee, elected official, or corporate
officer. Plaintiff mistakenly assumes that this definition of
‘employee’ excludes all other wage earners.”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 53 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
“Plaintiff apparently bases his position on a
strict interpretation of the statutory language of section 3401(c)
which does not on its face include all persons who earn wages from an
employer. ... The definition should not be read as exclusive, but
rather as indicative of Congress’ intent that those persons so
designated in section 3401(c) would be subject to the income tax
withholding provision in the same manner as all other employees. The
definition of “employee” , contrary to the interpretation
urged by plaintiff, is more properly read to include all those
persons with the ‘status of employee under the usual common law
rules applicable in determining the employer-employee relationship.’”
Chamberlain v. Krysztof, 617 F.Supp. 491, KTC 1985-137
(N.D.N.Y. 1985) (footnotes omitted).
“The core of the dispute before the court is
Ferguson’s assertion that she was not an “employee”
as defined by §3401(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, and
therefore did not earn any ‘wages.’ [footnote omitted] As
such, she argues that her Form 1040 and Form 4862 accurately reported
her wages as zero. As noted by the government, Ferguson’s
interpretation of §3401(c) has been considered and rejected
numerous times by many courts. This Court would agree with the
overwhelming precedent on this issue, Ferguson’s argument that
she is not an employee as defined by §3401(c) is frivolous.”
United States v. Ferguson, 2007-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH)
¶50,461 (D. Nev. 2007).
In Pabon v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1994-476, the
petitioner alleged, among other things, that he “is not an
employee of the Federal or state governments, is not engaged in a
revenue taxable activity of alcohol, tobacco or firearms and
therefore not subject to any exise [sic] tax....” The court
concluded that the petition “is nothing but tax protester
rhetoric and legalistic gibberish....”
See also, Grimes v. Commissioner, 806 F.2d 1451, 1453 (9th
Cir. 1986).
The conclusion that only “federally-connected” income
is subject to income tax is a central premise of Cracking the
Code—The Fascinating Truth about Taxation in America by
Peter E. Hendrickson. Unfortunately, Hendrickson himself lost when
the government sued him and his wife to recover refunds he had
claimed using the methods described in his book, the court stating:
“Defendants base their contention on theories
contained in a book entitled Cracking the Code, which was
written by Defendant Peter Hendrickson. On page 76 of Cracking the
Code (“CtC”), Defendant Peter Hendrickson,
states ‘So, actually, withholding only applies to the pay of
federal government workers, exactly as it always has (plus ‘State’
government workers, since 1939, and those of the District of Columbia
since 1921).’ ... Defendants’ contention that withholding
applies only to government workers is frivolous and false. [Citations
omitted] Defendant Peter Hendrickson was an employee of Personnel
Management, Inc. in 2002 and 2003 within the meaning of IRC §
3401(c).”
United States v. Peter Eric Hendrickson, 2007 WL 2385071,
at *3, No. 06-11753, Docket #34, pages 5-6 (U.S.D.C. E.D. Mich.
5/2/2007), affirmed, No. 07-1510 (6th Cir. 6/11/2008) (sanctions of
$4,000 imposed for frivolous appeal), cert. den., No. 08-1399
(6/15/2009), reh. Den. (8/17/2009).
Hendrickson was later indicted and convicted of filing false
documents with the Internal Revenue Service, and in denying his
post-trial motion for a new trial (or acquittal) and rejecting his
challenges to the instructions given to the jury on the meanings of
“wages” and “employee,” the court stated that
Hendrickson “was not entitled to jury instructions reflecting
his own views as to the purported meanings of the terms ‘wages’
and ‘employee’ under the Internal Revenue Code”
because “the courts have uniformly held that the ordinary
remuneration received by privately employed workers qualifies as
taxable ‘wages’ under the Internal Revenue Code.”
The court also pointed out that the judgment against Hendrickson in
the erroneous refund suit was an “explicit rejection” of
his position. United States v. Peter Hendrickson, 2010 TNT
81-15, n. 5, No. 2:08-cr-20585-DML-DAS (U.S.D.C. E.D. Mich.
4/26/2010).
Another problem with tax protesters’ interpretation of
section 3401(c) is that, even if it were true, it would do them no
good. As pointed out above, the definition of “employee”
in section 3401(c) specifically states that it is “for purposes
of this chapter.” Section 3401 is in Chapter 24 of the Internal
Revenue Code, which is titled “Withholding of Tax on Wages at
Source.” So proving that you are not an “employee”
within the meaning of section 3401 would only mean that your
compensation is not subject to withholding. Your compensation would
still be included in gross income as defined by section 61, and in
taxable income as defined by section 63, because those sections are
in Chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code, not Chapter 24. (Sections
61 and 63 also do not use the word “employee.”)
The claim that only federal employees receive “wages”
is specifically addressed (and refuted) in Rev.
Rul. 2006-18, 2006-15 IRB 743, and the IRS also warns that
taxpayers filing returns based on that claim can be liable for
various civil and criminal penalties.
Also, the claim that “[o]nly certain types of taxpayers are
subject to income and employment taxes, such as employees of the
Federal government, ..., or similar arguments described as frivolous
in Rev. Rul.
2006-18, 2006-15 IRB 743” has been identified by the IRS as
a “frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Only the salaries of government
employees are subject to levy.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income
arising out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as
alcohol, tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding certificate)
is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
Only the salaries of government
employees are subject to levy.
Like the claim that only federal employees are subject to tax, the
argument that only the salaries of government employees are subject
to levy is based on the belief that any reference to one kind of
taxpayer somehow excludes other kinds of taxpayers. The statute in
question, I.R.C. section 6331(a), does not use the word “includes,”
but the general idea is the same, the statute reading as follows:
“If any person liable to pay any tax neglects or refuses to
pay the same within 10 days after notice and demand, it shall be
lawful for the Secretary to collect such tax (and such further sum as
shall be sufficient to cover the expenses of the levy) by levy upon
all property and rights to property (except such property as is
exempt under section 6334) belonging to such person or on which there
is a lien provided in this chapter for the payment of such tax. Levy
may be made upon the accrued salary or wages of any officer,
employee, or elected official, of the United States, the District of
Columbia, or any agency or instrumentality of the United States or
the District of Columbia, by serving a notice of levy on the employer
(as defined in section 3401(d)) of such officer, employee, or elected
official.”
The first sentence of section 6331(a) is all-inclusive, referring
to “all persons” liable to pay any tax and levy on “all
property and rightst to property.” The second sentence does not
explicitly or even implicitly limit the scope of the first sentence,
but states how a levy is to be made on the salary or wages of a
federal officer or employee.
Limiting section section 6331(a) to the salaries and wages of
federal employees would also be inconsistent with the broad reach of
other subsections of section 6331, and render them meaningless. For
example, section 6331(b) authorizes the IRS to “seize and sell
such property or rights to property (whether real or personal,
tangible or intangible),” but the accrued salaries or wages of
federal employees are not “real” or “tangible.”
But if the first sentence authorizes a levy on all wages, both
public and private, why is the second sentence there?
The Supreme Court explained the historical reason for this
specific provision in an action challenging a levy on the salary of
an employee of a state government:
“Nor is there merit in petitioner’s
contention that Congress, by specifically providing in 6331 for levy
upon the accrued salaries of federal employees, but not mentioning
state employees, evinced an intention to exclude the latter from
levy. The explanation of that action by Congress appears quite
clearly to be that this Court had held in Smith v. Jackson, 246 U.S.
388, that a federal disbursing officer might not, in the absence of
express congressional authorization, set off an indebtedness of a
federal employee to the Government against the employee’s
salary, and, pursuant to that opinion, the Comptroller General ruled
that an ‘administrative official served with [notices of levy]
would be without authority to withhold any portion of the current
salary of such employee in satisfaction of the notices of levy and
distraint.’ 26 Comp. Gen. 907, 912 (1947). It is evident that
6331 was enacted to overcome that difficulty and to subject the
salaries of federal employees to the same collection procedures
as are available against all other taxpayers, including
employees of a State.”
Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108, 112-113 (1959),
(emphasis added).
In other words, there had been doubt about whether the power to
levy extended to federal employees in the absence of express
Congressional action, and Congress acted to eliminate that doubt. But
there had never been any doubt about the power to levy on other
salaries, so it was not necessary for Congress to mention them.
Needless to say, every other federal court has followed the Sims
decision and held that the IRS can levy on the wages and salaries of
any employee, and not just a government official or employee.
“Plaintiffs also assert that the levy was
invalid under 26 U.S.C. §6331(a) because Mr. James was not an
officer, employee, or elected official of the United States or the
District of Columbia, or of any agency or instrumentality of the
United States or the District of Columbia. Plaintiffs’ argument
is frivolous. Section 6331(a) empowers the IRS to levy the property
of all taxpayers. See Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108, 112-13
(1959) (all taxpayers are subject to levy for deficiencies under
§6331 ; §6331 specifically names government employees and
agents in response to earlier Supreme Court case which held that
“federal disbursing officer might not, in the absence of
express congressional authorization, set off an indebtedness of a
federal employee to the Government against the employee’s
salary” ); see also Maisano v. Welcher, 940 F.2d 499, 502 (9th
Cir. 1991) (emphasizing broad scope of §6331 ), cert. denied,
112 S. Ct. 1957 (1992).”
James v. United States, 970 F.2d 750, 755, note 9, 92-2
U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,389 (10th Cir. 1992).
“Plaintiff apparently thinks that only federal
officers and employees are subject to the levy and distraint
provisions of §6331. He is wrong. See Sims v. United States,
359 U. S. 108, 112-113 (1959).”
Peth v. Breitzmann, 611 F. Supp. 50, 53 (E.D.Wis. 1985),
1985 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21509, 85-1 U.S.T.C. ¶9321, 55 AFTR2d 1280
(complaints dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing frivolous
actions “brought in bad faith”).
“First, Craig contends that 26 U.S.C. §6331(a)
authorizes the IRS to levy only on the salary or wages of federal
employees, and the notices of intent to levy on his property were
invalid because he is not a federal employee. [Quotation from section
6331(a) omitted.] Craig argues that the meaning of this section lies
in the second sentence, authorizing the Secretary to levy on the
wages or salary of federal employees. This interpretation is wholly
frivolous. It ignores the first sentence, which authorizes the
Secretary to levy on the property of “any person liable to pay
any tax [who] neglects or refuses to pay the same.” Section
6331(a) , taken in its entirety, plainly authorizes the IRS to levy
on the property of any delinquent taxpayer. By mentioning federal
employees in this statute, Congress did not intend to exclude other
taxpayers, but rather to make clear that federal salaries are not
exempt from levies. See Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108,
112-13 (1959); see also Arford v. United States, 934 F.2d 229,
233-34 (9th Cir. 1991) (section 6331 applies to employees of private
companies as [well as] to government employees).”
Craig v. Lowe, 96-2 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,416, KTC
1996-286 (N.D. Calif. 1996).
“Plaintiff also argues that because §6331
specifically states a notice of levy is sufficient to ‘make’
a levy on the salary of a federal or District of Columbia employee,
serving a notice of levy is not sufficient to ‘make’ a
levy on the salary of a private sector employee. That same argument
was clearly rejected in Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108,
112-13 (1959), which explains that federal and District of Columbia
employees were specifically mentioned to overcome authority treating
them differently and to make clear they were to be treated just like
every other employee.”
Pawlowske v. Chrysler Corp., 623 F. Supp. 569, 86-1 USTC
¶9392 (N.D. Ill. 1985).
“The Schroeders claim that Section 6331 only
applies to employees of the federal government .... Their
interpretation is incorrect for two reasons. First, as the Supreme
Court made clear in Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108, 113 (1959),
the language in Section 6331 referring to ‘any officer,
employee, or elected official, of the United States . . .’ was
included in order to ‘subject the salaries of federal employees
to the same collection procedures as are available against ALL OTHER
TAXPAYERS. . . .’ Id. (emphasis added). By its terms Section
6331 otherwise applies to ‘any person liable to pay any tax. .
. .’ 26 U.S.C. section 6331; United States v. National Bank of
Commerce, 472 U.S. 713, 714-15 (1985). Therefore, the Schroeders’
property is subject to levy.”
Albers v. Internal Revenue Service, 77 A.F.T.R.2d ¶96-1234,
KTC 1996-40 (D.Neb. 1996).
See also, Arford v. United States, 934 F.2d 229, 233-34
(9th Cir. 1991) (section 6331 applies to employees of private
companies as [well as] to government employees); Craig v. United
States, 30 F.3d 139 (Table), text at 1994 WL 408250 (9th Cir.
1994); Creamer v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2007-266; Connolly
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2008-95.
Related topics:
The income tax applies only to
government employees and corporate officers.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income
arising out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as
alcohol, tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
The income tax applies only to
corporations.
This claim appears to be based on a strange chain of “logic.”
As noted above, Congress enacted taxes on
the incomes of corporations from manufacturing and other industries
after the Supreme Court held in Pollock that an income tax on
incomes from property was unconstitutional unless apportioned, and
the Supreme Court held that those corporate excise taxes were
constitutional. See, for example, Flint v. Stone Tracy Co.,
220 U.S. 107 (1911).
The cases that arose under those corporate tax cases necessarily
developed a definition of “income” and, after the
adoption of the 16th Amendment and the enactment of general income
taxes on both individuals and corporations, courts continued to refer
to those definitions of “income” under the corporate
excise tax acts. This leads tax protesters to claim that “income”
means only “corporate income,” which is ridiculous.
“As the cited cases, as well as many others,
have made abundantly clear, the following arguments alluded to by the
Lonsdales are completely lacking in legal merit and patently
frivolous: ... (4) the Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution is
either invalid or applies only to corporations....”
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th Cir.
1990).
“Plaintiff appears to argue that according to
the Sixteenth Amendment, federal income tax is not a direct tax on
wages or salaries of individuals, but that it is an excise tax on the
privilege of engaging in some privileged or regulated activity.
Therefore, according to plaintiff, this ‘indirect excise tax’
can only be imposed on the income of corporations and the dividend
income of stockholders. Despite plaintiff’s many case citations
allegedly supporting his argument, the Sixteenth Amendment, valid as
described above, clearly authorizes Congress to levy a direct income
tax upon individuals who are United States citizens.”
Betz v. United States, 40 Fed.Cl. 286, 296 (1998)
“Plaintiff argues ‘income’ should be
interpreted as limited to corporate activities, and not include
wages. He relies on a series of Supreme Court cases rendered shortly
after ratification of the Sixteenth Amendment, and which define the
scope of corporate income. NONE of those cases, however, stands for
the proposition that only corporate income is taxable. To the
contrary, like Richards, supra, many of these cases state: “income
may be defined as gain derived from capital, FROM LABOR, OR FROM BOTH
COMBINED”. See, e.g., Bowers v. Kerbaugh-Empire Co., 271 U.S.
170, 174 (1926); Merchant’s Loan & Trust Co. v. Smietanka,
255 U.S. 509, 518 (1921); Eisner v. Macomber, 252 U.S. 189, 207
(1919); Doyle v. Mitchell Bros. Co., 247 U.S. 179, 185 (1918);
Stratton’s Independence. Ltd. v. Howbert, 231 U.S. 399, 415
(1913) (emphasis added). In particular, in Southern Pacific Co. v,.
Lowe, 247 U.S. 330, 333-34 (1918), the Supreme Court quoted the
income statute at the time as imposing a tax on “every person
residing in the United States . . . upon the entire net income
arising and accruing from all sources”. Thus, the plain
language of the authorities upon which Plaintiff relies belies his
position.”
Tornichio v. United States, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-582,
KTC 1998-71 (N.D.Ohio 1998), (suit for refund of frivolous return
penalties dismissed and sanctions imposed for filing a frivolous
refund suit), aff’d 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 5248, 99-1 U.S. Tax
Cas. (CCH) ¶50,394,
83 AFTR2d ¶99-579,
KTC 1999-147 (6th Cir. 1999). In affirming, the 6th Circuit stated
that, “Tornichio’s legal assertions are patently
spurious, as it cannot be seriously argued that an individual’s
taxable income is based solely on income derived from corporate
activities,” and imposed additional sanctions for filing a
frivolous appeal.
“[T]he frivolous argument that wages are not
income ‘has been rejected so frequently that the very raising
of it justifies the imposition of sanctions.’ Connor v.
Commissioner, 770 F.2d 17, 20 (2d Cir. 1985); Bey v. New York, 164
F.3d 617, 617 (2d Cir. 1998). Section 61(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code clearly defines gross income as ‘all income from whatever
source derived,’ which includes wages, salaries, and
compensation for services. 26 U.S.C. section 61(a); 26 C.F.R. section
1,61-2(a). The plaintiffs erroneously rely on cases that have defined
the scope of corporate income to argue that non-corporate income is
not taxable. ‘To the contrary, . . . many of these cases state:
“income may be defined as gain derived from capital, from
labor, or from both combined.”’ Tornichio [v. United
States, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-582,
KTC 1998-71 (N.D.Ohio 1998), aff’d 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 5248,
99-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,394,
83 AFTR2d ¶99-579,
KTC 1999-147 (6th Cir. 1999)], 1998 WL 381304, at *3 (citations
omitted). The plaintiffs’ claim that they are owed a refund
because they had no tax liability for the years 1993 through 1996 is
therefore foreclosed by well-established law.”
Gavigan v. United States, 87 AFTR2d ¶2001-480,
No. 3:99CV697 (DJS) (D.Conn. 11/30/2000), (suit for refund of
frivolous return penalties dismissed).
“One of the bases for Plaintiff’s position
is that he had no taxable income since “income” can only
be a derivative of corporate activity. This position, however, is
simply untenable and is directly contrary to the law.”
Myrick v. United States of America, 217 F Supp 2d 979,
2002-2 US TaxCas 650,487, KTC 2002-457, aff’d Docket: 02-16428,
KTC 2003-327 (9th Cir. 2003).
See also, Rennie v. Internal Revenue Service, 216 F. Supp.
2d 1078, 1083 (E.D. Cal. 2002), (plaintiff’s “zero”
return was frivolous when based on his argument that his wages were
not derived from corporate activity); Olson v. United States,
760 F.2d 1003 (9th Cir. 1985); Gattuso v. Pecorella, 733 F.2d
709 (9th Cir. 1984); Jones v. Commissioner, 338 F.3d 463, 466
(5th Cir. 2003).
The claim that “[o]nly certain types of taxpayers are
subject to income and employment taxes, such as ... corporations,
..., or similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2006-18, 2006-15 IRB 743” has been identified by the
IRS as a “frivolous position” that can result in a
penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in
certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities” such as the sale of alcohol, tobacco, and
firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
Taking quotations out of context.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Income taxes can be avoiding by forming a
“corporation sole” or other tax-exempt charitable
organization.
This is one of several places where tax denier fantasies move out
of the realm of delusions and into fraud.
A “corporation sole” is a special type of corporation
recognized under the laws of some states for the use of religious
organizations and religious leaders holding property for religious
purposes. Regardless of what state law might provide, a charitable
organization is not exempt from federal income tax under I.R.C.
section 501(c)(3) unless it is organized and operated solely
for religious or other charitable purposes and not part of its
earnings “inures to the benefit of any private shareholder or
individual. The idea that a special type of corporation intended for
religious use can be used for private purposes and somehow eliminate
federal income tax is patently ridiculous.
There is no serious litigation on this issue, but courts have been
compelled to enjoin persons from promoting the use of corporations
sole for tax avoidance purposes. See, for example, United States
v. Eddie Ray Kahn et al., No. 5:03-cv-436-Oc-10GRJ (M.D.Fl.
12/29/2003); United States v. Rita I. Johnson, 2007 TNT 40-20,
No. 3:05-cv-05798 (W.D.Wash. 2/23/2007); United States v. Nancy E.
Lloyd, 2005 TNT 239-15, No. 1:04CV00274 (M.D.N.C. 12/6/2005).
See also, United States v. Estate Preservation Services,
202 F.3d 1093, 85 AFTR2d Par. 2000-378, 2000 TNT 19-7 (9th Cir. 2000)
(affirming injunction against promoter of “donor-directed
foundations” intended to provide retirement income and other
private benefits); United States v. Heineman, 801 F.2d 86 (2d
Cir. 1986) (upholding conviction for promoting use of sham church
entities to avoid taxes); United States v. Adu, 770 F.2d 1511
(9th Cir. 1985) (upholding conviction for aiding and assisting in the
preparation and presentation of false income tax returns claiming
charitable contribution deductions to sham churches); Svedahl v.
Commissioner, 89 T.C. 245 (1987) (sanctioning taxpayer for using
contributions to sham church entities to shield income and pay
personal expenses).
The IRS has issued a public ruling that a “corporation sole”
cannot be used as a means to exclude income from taxation, and has
warned taxpayers of the civil and criminal penalties they might face
for taking or promoting that position, in Rev.
Rul. 2004-27, 2004-12
I.R.B. 625. The IRS has also given notice that the use of a
“corporation sole” is a “frivolous position”
that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return
or included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The establishment of a “Pure Trust”
can protect income and earnings from income tax, because a trust is
a form of contract and is therefore protected from impairment by the
contract clause to the Constitution.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I am not a “person” within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code.
This argument is a variation of the “income
tax only applies to corporations” argument, but is usually
presented with different “support.”
Section 7701(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code states that:
“The term ‘person’ shall be
construed to mean and include an individual, a trust, estate,
partnership, association, company or corporation.”
The argument that is usually made is that trusts, estates,
partnerships, associations, companies, and corporations are all
“artificial entities” created by law (which isn’t
really true), and the presumption is that a list of things is a list
of like things, so an “individual” for purposes of I.R.C.
section 7701(a) must be an artificial entity as well, and not a human
being.
But the Internal Revenue Code refers to “married persons”
in section 1 and other places, and only human beings marry.
And the Internal Revenue Code (and other statutes) consistently
uses the word “individual” to mean a natural person and
not a corporation.
Finally, 1 U.S.C. § 8(a)
states that:
“In determining the meaning of any Act of
Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the
various administrative bureaus and agencies of the United States, the
words “person”, “human being”, “child”,
and “individual” shall include every infant member of the
species homo sapiens who is born alive at any stage of development.”
So this “argument” is nothing but grasping at straws,
and is universally rejected but the courts.
“The [Internal Revenue] Code defines the term
‘person’ to include any ‘individual.’ 26
U.S.C. section 7701(a)(1). The term ‘taxpayer,’ in turn,
refers to ‘any person subject to any internal revenue tax.’
26 U.S.C. section 7701(a)(14). ... Sasscer is an individual and,
thus, qualifies as a ‘person’ under the tax laws.”
United States v. John L. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5317,
2000 TNT 186-76, No. Y-97-3026 (D.C. Md. 8/25/2000).
“[P]etitioners’ notion that common speech
restricts the term ‘person’ to artificial persons is just
wrong. ‘Person’ is the generic term; it usually refers to
human beings; when it is extended to include other entities, such as
corporations, they are included in the definition of person and, to
provide clarity and contrast, the term ‘individual’ is
applied to human beings. Petitioners are ‘individuals’
within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code. The fact that the
term ‘individual’ is not defined in the Internal Revenue
Code is also of no moment. As previously stated, words in the
Internal Revenue Code have their commonly accepted meanings as used
in common speech.”
Liddane v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1998-259.
A recent variation on the “not a person” argument is
based on IRC section 7343, which states that:
“The word ‘person’ as used in this
chapter includes an officer or employee of a corporation, or a member
or employee of a partnership, who as such officer, employee, or
member is under a duty to perform the act in respect of which the
violation occurs.”
The “this chapter” is Chapter 75, titled “Crimes,
Other Offenses, and Forfeitures,” and the argument is that an
individual who fails to file a tax return (or commits any other crime
defined by Chapter 75) cannot be prosecuted unless the individual is
an officer of a corporation. However, the clear purpose of section
7343 is to make sure that officers of corporations (or partnerships)
who are responsible for complying with the tax laws for the
corporation cannot escape the penalties for failing to comply with
the law merely because it is the obligation of the corporation and
not the officers individual tax obligation. Section 7343 merely
clarifies that a corporate officer can be penalized for failing to
satisfy the tax obligations of the corporation.
The argument that section 7343 limits the application of the
Internal Revenue Code to corporate officers and other specifically
described in that section was expressly rejected United States v.
Peter Hendrickson, 664 F.Supp.2d 793, 2009 TNT 195-16 (E.D. Mich.
10/7/2009). In a later ruling in the same case, the court confirmed
that the term “person” used in the penal provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code “encompasses ordinary individuals,”
adding that “the jury could reasonably have inferred from the
testimony at trial that this statutory element [that the Defendant
was a ‘person’] was satisfied, where Defendant himself
took the stand and appeared to be an ordinary individual.”
United States v. Peter Hendrickson, 2010 TNT 81-15, No.
2:08-cr-20585-DML-DAS (U.S.D.C. E.D. Mich. 4/26/2010).
Other courts have rejected the section 7343 “person”
argument as well. In United States v. Rice, 659 F.2d 524, 528
(5th Cir. 1981), the defendant challenged his conviction for
willfully failing to file an income tax return, arguing, among other
things, that he was not a “person” who was obligated to
file an income tax return under the federal tax laws. The Fifth
Circuit rejected this argument as a “nigh frivolous
non-sequitur,” explaining that section 7343 “obviously”
was “not intended to exclude individual[s] or to limit
the ordinary meaning of the term `person’ so as to exclude
individuals or `natural persons,’ in counsel’s phrase,
from their responsibility to comply with the tax laws.”
(Emphasis in original.) Similarly, in United States v. Latham,
754 F.2d 747, 749-750 (7th Cir. 1985), the Seventh Circuit affirmed
that the district court did not err when it refused a jury
instruction implying that section 7343 did not include “natural
persons” and described the proposed instruction as “inane,”
observing that the word “includes” as used in section
7343 (and section 3401(c)) “is a term of enlargement not of
limitation, and the reference to certain entities or categories is
not intended to exclude all others.”
See also, United States v. Maggi, No. 98-5570, 1999 WL
96651, at *2 (6th Cir. Feb. 5, 1999); United States v. Napier,
No. 90-1297, 1991 WL 22022, at *1 (6th Cir. Feb. 22, 1991); United
States v. Boling, No. 87-5051, 1988 WL 3477, at *2 (6th Cir. Jan.
19, 1988).
The claim that “[a] taxpayer is not a “person”
within the meaning of section 7701(a)(14) or other provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code,” or similar arguments described as
frivolous in Rev. Rul. 2007-22, 2007-14
I.R.B. 866, has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
Rejecting simple explanations.
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Legalistic gibberish.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
At best, this argument is circular or tautological. At worst, it
represents nothing more than an absurd manipulation of words.
I.R.C. section 7701(a)(14) defines “taxpayer” as “any
person subject to any internal revenue tax.” Tax protesters
think that, if they are not a “taxpayer,” they are not
subject to the federal income tax. But that’s backwards,
because the important question is whether or not you are subject to
tax. Unable to find any authority that they are exempt or immune from
tax, the protesters resort to word games to try to escape their tax
liabilities.
And so the courts haven’t had much patience with this
“argument.”
“Plaintiff claims on appeal that he is not a
taxpayer subject to IRS jurisdiction.... Plaintiff’s claim that
he is not a taxpayer is unsupported and frivolous.”
Beerbower v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 787 F.2d 588
(6th Cir. 1986). See also, Martin v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, 756 F.2d 38 (6th Cir. 1985).
“Drefke argues that taxes are debts which can
only be imposed voluntarily when individuals contract with the
government for services and that those who choose to enter such
contracts do so by signing 1040 and W-4 forms. By refusing to sign
those forms, Drefke argues that he is ‘immune’ from the
Internal Revenue Service’s jurisdiction as a ‘nontaxpayer.’
“This is an imaginative argument, but totally
without arguable merit.”
United States v. Drefke, 707 F.2d 978, 981 (8th Cir. 1983),
cert. den., sub nom., Jameson v. United States, 464 U.S. 942
(1983).
“The crux of Sasscer’s argument is that
this Court lacks jurisdiction because he does not qualify as a
‘taxpayer’ within the meaning of the Internal Revenue
Code. The Code defines the term ‘person’ to include any
‘individual.’ 26 U.S.C. section 7701(a)(1). The term
‘taxpayer,’ in turn, refers to ‘any person subject
to any internal revenue tax.’ 26 U.S.C. section 7701(a)(14).
The Code imposes a tax on all income, [citation omitted], and any
person required to pay any tax must file a return, see 26 U.S.C.
Sections 6001, 6011, 7203. ... Sasscer is an individual and, thus,
qualifies as a ‘person’ under the tax laws. Because the
record indicates that Sasscer earned taxable income during the period
from 1976-1989, he meets the definition of a ‘taxpayer’
subject to the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. The federal
courts have consistently rejected such ‘non-taxpayer’
status claims as meritless, [citations omitted], and this Court will
do the same.”
United States v. John L. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5317,
2000 TNT 186-76, No. Y-97-3026 (D.C. Md. 8/25/2000).
“Again, the notion that the tax on the income
from employment or labor of a human being is an unconstitutional tax
on his existence, and that only artificial entities such as
corporations, formed and continued by State action, can be subjected
to income tax, is, in this day and age, even when alternative
approaches to raising revenue are receiving legislative
consideration, too quaint to require extended discussion. In this
connection, petitioners’ notion that common speech restricts
the term ‘person’ to artificial persons is just wrong.
‘Person’ is the generic term; it usually refers to human
beings; when it is extended to include other entities, such as
corporations, they are included in the definition of person and, to
provide clarity and contrast, the term ‘individual’ is
applied to human beings. Petitioners are ‘individuals’
within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code. The fact that the
term ‘individual’ is not defined in the Internal Revenue
Code is also of no moment. As previously stated, words in the
Internal Revenue Code have their commonly accepted meanings as used
in common speech.”
Liddane v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1998-259.
See also, United States v. Gardell, 23 F.3d 395, 1994 WL
17097 *1 (1st Cir. 1994) (unpublished opinion); United States v.
Sloan, 939 F.2d 499, 501 (7th Cir. 1991), cert. den. 112 S.Ct.
940 (1992); United States v. Karlin, 785 F.2d 90, 91 (3d Cir.
1986); United States v. Studley, 783 F.2d 934, 937 (9th Cir.
1985).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters who try to argue that they are “nontaxpayers”
usually like to cite (and quote from) two different decisions:
“The revenue laws are a code or system in
regulation of tax assessment and collection. They relate to
taxpayers, and not to nontaxpayers. The latter are without their
scope. No procedure is prescribed for nontaxpayers, and no attempt is
made to annul any of their rights and remedies in due course of law.
With them Congress does not assume to deal, and they are neither of
the subject nor of the object of the revenue laws.”
Long v. Rasmussen, 281 F. 236 (1922).
In Long v. Rasmussen, Rasmussen was a collector of taxes
for the Internal Revenue Service and Long sued him to recover
property that Rasmussen had seized to satisfy the taxes owed by a man
named Wise. There was no question but that Long owed no taxes, and
the only issue in the case was the proper procedure for Long to use
to recover the property that was wrongfully seized by Rasmussen.
Rasmussen attempted to defend himself with the claim that the suit
was to prevent the collection of a tax, and so was barred by the
anti-injunction act, but the court recognized that the suit was for
the recovery of property wrongfully seized, and not for the recovery
of any tax, because Long was not even alleged to owe any tax and so
was outside the scope of the tax laws. The reasoning of the case
obviously has no application to those who are alleged to owe tax.
Economy Plumbing & Heating v. U.S., 470 F.2d 585, 200
Ct.Cl. 31 (1972), is similar in nature. The plaintiff, Economy
Plumbing, alleged that the government had wrongfully seized money
that belonged to it in order to pay taxes owed by another party.
Unfortunately, Economy Plumbing made the mistake that Long had
avoided, because Economy Plumbing tried to file a claim for refund of
taxes. The Court of Claims pointed out that Economy Plumbing could
not claim a refund of taxes because it had not paid any tax, the
court quoting from the Long v. Rasmussen opinion for the
proposition that tax remedies do not apply to claims by third parties
for the recovery of property wrongfully seized by the government for
taxes owned by someone else.
The problem with each of those decisions is that they have nothing
to do with the question of who is required to file a return or who is
required to pay federal income tax. In each case, the issue before
the court was whether the procedures for tax claims should apply to a
proceeding brought by someone that everyone agreed did not owe any
tax.
There is also a third opinion that is sometimes quoted by tax
protesters:
“A reasonable construction of the taxing
statutes does not include vesting any tax official with absolute
power of assessment against individuals not specified in the states
as a person liable for the tax without an opportunity for judicial
review of this status before the appellation of ‘taxpayer’
is bestowed upon them and their property is seized...”
Botta v. Scanlon, 288 F.2d. 504, 508 (1961).
The issue in Botta was whether a court could prevent the
IRS from seizing the personal property of corporate officers for
taxes owed by the corporation. Corporate officers can be liable for
taxes owed by the corporation under certain circumstances and the
Internal Revenue Code, in a section often known as the
“Anti-Injunction Act” (I.R.C. section 7421), prohibits
courts from enjoining or otherwise interfering with the collection of
taxes by the IRS. However, the Botta court recognized that the
anti-injunction act might not apply when the IRS is attempting to
collect taxes from someone other than the taxpayer. The Botta
decision is therefore similar to Long v. Rasmussen, discussed
above, because both cases deal with the rights of persons other than
the person against whom the tax has been imposed. As one court has
explained:
“Plaintiff relies on Botta v. Scanlon,
298 F.2d 504 (1961), in which the Second Circuit distinguished
taxpayers from nontaxpayers. The court in Botta adopted
another court’s statement that “the Revenue laws relate
only to taxpayers.” Id. at 508 (quoting Adler v. Nicholas,
166 F.2d 674, 678 (10th Cir. 1948). Botta goes on, however, to
explain that this distinction is relevant only when the IRS ‘seeks
to levy on property belonging to [a nontaxpayer] for the collection
of ANOTHER’s (i. e., a taxpayer’s) tax.’ Id.
(emphasis added). The court in Botta found that the plaintiff,
a corporate officer, was under no duty to pay taxes owed by the
bankrupt corporation, and therefore qualified as a nontaxpayer with
respect to the corporate taxes.”
Charles W. Leddy v. Philip Sullivan, 74 AFTR2d ¶94-5433,
note 1, 94 TNT 190-10, No. 1:94-cv-0291 (U.S.D.C. S.D. Ala.
9/29/1994).
See also, William A. Shipley v. IRS, 85 AFTR2d ¶2000-670,
2000 TNT 97-14, No. 99-2331 (U.S.D.C. D.Kan. 3/30/2000) (“The
court in Botta certainly did not recognize an exception to Section
7421 for taxpayers who challenge the general IRS authority to tax the
income of individuals.”).
The quotations from Long v. Rasmussen, Economy Plumbing,
and Botta are therefore more examples of quotations
taken out of context and twisted to mean something that the court
never intended.
Related topics:
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
Taking quotations out of context.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I cannot be prosecuted for failing to
file a tax return if I have a good faith belief that the tax laws do
not apply to me.
This is valid in theory, but it almost never works in practice.
The general rule is that ignorance of the law is no excuse, but
ignorance is an excuse in prosecutions for tax crimes. The
statutes defining the criminal penalties for violating the tax laws
all use the word “willful” or “willfully” to
describe the crime. So, for example, I.R.C. section 7203, which is
titled “Willful failure to file return, supply information, or
pay tax,” applies penalties to anyone who “willfully”
fails to file a required return or pay a required tax. In United
States v. Murdock, 290 U.S. 389 (1933), the Supreme Court held
that the word “willfully” in tax statutes requires proof
of a “bad purpose,” stating that:
“Congress did not intend that a person, by
reason of a bona fide misunderstanding as to his liability for the
tax, as to his duty to make a return, or as to the adequacy of the
records he maintained, should become a criminal by his mere failure
to measure up to the prescribed standard of conduct.”
United States v. Murdock, 290 U.S. 389, 396 (1933).
In later decisions, the Supreme Court defined “willfulness”
as “a voluntary, intentional violation of a known legal duty.”
United States v. Bishop, 412
U.S. 346, 360 (1973); United States v. Pomponio, 429
U.S. 10, 12 (1976).
So the tax filing strategy once suggested by comedian Steve Martin
(”I FORGOT!“) can actually work.
In the most recent (and possibly most famous) Supreme Court
decision on the meaning of “willfulness,” the defendant
was a tax protester, John Cheek, who believed that wages were not
“income” subject to the income tax and that a tax on
wages would be unconstitutional. The judge instructed the jury to
disregard Cheek’s explanations for why he did not file tax
returns because his beliefs were not “objectively reasonable”
and the Supreme Court reversed, holding that the jury must be allowed
to consider the beliefs of the defendant relevant to “willfulness”
regardless of whether the beliefs are “reasonable.”
United States v. Cheek, 498 U.S. 192 (1991).
So it looks like tax protesters are free to argue their gibberish
to a jury and, if they can confuse the jury enough, they can escape
any criminal penalties. Not quite, because there are a couple of
“gotchas” within the Cheek decision itself.
First, the court only held that the court could not instruct the
jury that a belief was “unreasonable,” but the jury
itself could still choose to disregard a belief as “unreasonable.”
As the court explained:
“Of course, the more unreasonable the asserted
beliefs or misunderstandings are, the more likely the jury will
consider them to be nothing more than simple disagreement with known
legal duties imposed by the tax laws, and will find that the
Government has carried its burden of proving knowledge.”
United States v. Cheek, 498 U.S. 192, 203-204 (1991).
So the prosecutor can still point out to the jury that the “good
faith beliefs” asserted by the defendant are nothing but
self-serving nonsense.
The second “gotcha” is that the court limited the
beliefs that the defendant could present to the jury to beliefs about
the meaning of the statutes, regulations, forms, and instructions,
and not the meaning of the Constitution.
“Claims that some of the provisions of the tax
code are unconstitutional ... do not arise from innocent mistakes
caused by the complexity of the Internal Revenue Code. Rather, they
reveal full knowledge of the provisions at issue and a studied
conclusion, however wrong, that those provisions are invalid and
unenforceable. ... We do not believe that Congress contemplated that
such a taxpayer, without risking criminal prosecution, could ignore
the duties imposed upon him by the Internal Revenue Code and refuse
to utilize the mechanisms provided by Congress to present his claims
of invalidity to the courts and to abide by their decisions.”
United States v. Cheek, 498 U.S. 192, 205-206 (1991).
The court therefore held that “a defendant’s views
about the validity of the tax statutes are irrelevant to the issue of
willfulness, need not be heard by the jury, and if they are, an
instruction to disregard them would be proper.” 498 U.S. at
206.
Many tax protesters have also mistakenly viewed the “willfulness”
issue as one that allows them to explain the correctness of their
beliefs to the jury. Knowing that the judge will rule against them on
the law, tax protester try to by-pass the judge and make their legal
arguments to the jury, hoping that the jury will agree with them. But
prosecutors (and judges) are not that stupid. The general rule is
that the judge decides the law and the
jury decides the facts. When the defendant is a tax protester,
the judge will almost always instruct the jury that the defendant is
wrong as a matter of law, and that the issue for the jury to decide
is whether the beliefs of the defendant represent an innocent mistake
or an intentional disagreement.
For example, Richard Simkanin testified during his criminal trial
that he did not believe he needed to withhold taxes from his
employees because he did not operate within the “extensive (and
exclusive) list of industries and activities” found in the
“7,000 pages” of the Internal Revenue Code. When the jury
asked if they should check the Internal Revenue Code to see if
Simkanin’s employees were within the occupations listed “in
those 7,000,” the judge instructed the jury that he had “made
a legal determination” that the Internal Revenue Code required
the defendant to withhold taxes from his employees and the jury did
not need to look at the Internal Revenue Code. The Fifth Circuit
Court of Appeals held “the district court must be permitted to
prevent the defendant’s alleged view of the law from confusing
the jury as to the actual state of the law, especially when the
defendant has constructed an elaborate, but incorrect, view of the
law based on a misinterpretation of numerous IRC provisions taken out
of proper context” and that the judge’s instructions,
taken as a whole and including the instructions on “willfulness,”
did not prevent the jury from properly considering the issue of
willfulness. United States v. Simkanin, 420 F.3d 397, 2005-2
U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,507,
(5th Cir. 2005), cert. denied, 126 S. Ct. 1911 (2006).
See also, United States v. Barnett, 945 F.2d 1296, 1300
(5th Cir. 1991) (“[t]he jury must know the law as it actually
is respecting a taxpayer’s duty to file before it can determine
the guilt or innocence of the accused for failing to file as
required”).
Judges can also restrict the ability of tax protesters to “argue
the law” to a jury by limiting the documentary evidence that
the protester can show to the jury. Rule 403 of the Federal Rules of
Evidence allow a judge to exclude evidence if there is a danger of
(among other things) “misleading the jury.” Tax
protesters who have attempted to substantiate their delusions by
showing juries copies of regulations, court decisions, or other
documents have often been frustrated by judges who have allowed the
tax protesters to testify as to their beliefs about the meaning of
the documents but refused to allow the jury to see the documents
themselves. See, for example, United States v. Simkanin, 420
F.3d 397, 2005-2 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,507
(5th Cir. 2005), cert. denied, 126 S. Ct. 1911 (2006); United
States v. Flitcraft, 803 F.2d 184, 186 (5th Cir. 1986); United
States v. Barnett, 945 F.2d 1296, 1300 (5th Cir. 1991).
Finally, there is a practical problem with the “Cheek
defense” which is that, if you plan ahead to use it, then it is
almost certain to fail, because your efforts to establish your “good
faith belief” are going to be used by the government as
evidence that you knew that what you were doing was wrong when you
did it, which is why you worked to set up a defense in advance.
Planning not to file tax returns and avoid prosecution using a “good
faith belief” is kind of like planning to kill someone using a
claim of “self-defense.” If you’ve planned in
advance, then it shouldn’t work.
Related topics:
In a jury trial, the defendant can
ask the jury to decide the validity of the law.
There are lots of tax protesters who have won
cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
Occasionally, a tax protester will object to court proceedings on
the ground that there is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America” and that
the wrong one is the party to the court proceedings. Needless to say,
there is no authority for this kind of nonsense, and these kinds of
objections are dismissed out of hand.
“The Daweses argue that the United States lacked
standing and the district court lacked subject matter jurisdiction
because (1) ‘United States of America’ and ‘United
States’ are not synonymous, and the United States of America is
not the proper plaintiff under 28 U.S.C. § 1345; ... and (4) the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is not an agency of the United States
and the Chief Counsel of the IRS is not a delegate of the Secretary
of the Treasury expressly authorized to sue under 26 U.S.C. §
7401. Their first and fourth arguments are legally frivolous and do
not merit further comment.”
United States v. Dawes, 2005 TNT 234-9, No. 04-3454 (10th
Cir. 12/5/2005), aff’ng 2003 TNT 175-18, KTC 2003-334, No.
03-1132 (U.S.D.C. D.Kan. 8/6/2003) (“The plaintiff [United
States of America] possesses standing to sue under 28 U.S.C. section
1345 in this context the ‘United States of America’ is
synonymous with the ‘United States.’”).
A somewhat similar claim that is sometimes made is that there are
two different entities known as the “United States of America.”
“Beresford insists that the United States is not
a proper defendant and that attorneys from the Department of Justice
and United States Attorney may not represent defendant. He also
contends that there are two different legal entities named the United
States of America. The United States is the only proper defendant in
a suit to recover a tax refund. It is to be substituted for other
named defendants. 26 U.S.C. section 7422(f). His contention about
different legal entities and which attorneys may represent the
defendant are frivolous.”
Steven M. Beresford v. IRS, et al., 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5200,
No. 00-293-KI (U.S.D.C. Dist. Ore. 7/13/2000), aff’d 2001 U.S.
App. LEXIS 3187, KTC 2001-108 (9th Cir. 2/23/2001).
“Wright brings what he has labeled a ‘motion
to dismiss for plaintiff’s lack of standing and misjoinder of
parties.’ ... Wright objects to the fact that the named
plaintiff in this suit is the ‘United States of America.’
He argues that only the ‘United States’ and not the
‘United States of America’ has standing to bring this
action. These arguments are patently frivolous and the motion is thus
summarily DENIED.”
United States v. Wright, 83 A.F.T.R.2d 99-533, KTC
1998-630, No. S-94-1183 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Cal. 1998), (action by the
United States to reduce the taxes assessed to a judgment against the
defendant).
“Spitzer argues in his brief that the Government
lacked standing to sue because it brought the lawsuit in the name of
the ‘United States of America’ rather than the ‘United
States.’ The argument is patently frivolous and merits no
discussion.”
United States v. James A. Spitzer, 2007 TNT 163-5, n. 2,
No. 07-11073 (11th Cir. 8/21/2007) (also imposing sanctions for
bringing a frivolous appeal), aff’ng No. 06-00479-CV-ORL-22JGG
(U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla. 2/13/2007) (erroneous refund of $16,614 ordered
repaid). In a later order, the District Court also ordered Spitzer to
pay double attorneys’ fees to the United States, in the amount
of $16,285.35, “as a sanction for his frivolous and bad faith
defense of the entire case.” Id., Docket #49
(7/25/2007).
Related topics:
The United States does not have “standing”
to enforce the federal tax laws.
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
The Internal Revenue Service is not an agency of the
federal government, but a private corporation incorporated in
Delaware (or, alternatively, an agency of the government of Puerto
Rico).
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
[Return to Table of Contents]
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
A few tax protesters have tried to escape from tax liabilities by
claiming that there is a difference between “United States
District Court” and “District Courts of the United
States,” typically arguing that one is a court established
under Article III of the Constitution and the other is not. Which is
which? I don’t know (or care). Both phrases appear in the
United States Code (i.e., the statutes of the United States) and are
used interchangeably. So, either way, it’s nonsense.
“Mr. Smith makes an elaborate, albeit misguided,
argument challenging the jurisdiction of the district court, claiming
a ‘United States District Court’ is different in kind
from the ‘district courts of the United States.’ This
argument is poppycock.”
Smith v. Rubin, KTC 1998-79, No. 97-1242 (10th Cir. 1998)
(unpublished).
“Contrary to the Daweses’ frivolous
assertions, ... an Article III judge did decide this case, and the
district court did have Article III judicial power.”
United States v. Dawes, 2005 TNT 234-9, No. 04-3454 (10th
Cir. 12/5/2005), aff’ng 2003 TNT 175-18, KTC 2003-334, No.
03-1132 (U.S.D.C. D.Kan. 8/6/2003).
Related topics:
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with
the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
This is contracted by the plain language of the federal Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act, which specifically excludes from its scope
any “an officer or employee of the United States or any State
to the extent that collecting or attempting to collect any debt is in
the performance of his official duties.” 15 U.S.C. §§
1692a(6).
But the plain language of a statute is never enough to stop a tax
protester once he’s gotten an idea in his head, so several
courts have had to address this issue:
“In his attack on the summonses, plaintiff first
alleges that the summonses violate the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act (‘FDCPA’), 15 U.S.C. §§ 1692 through 1692p.
The FDCPA applies to ‘debt collection practices by debt
collectors.’ 15 U.S.C. § 1692(e). A ‘debt’ is
defined as ‘any obligation or alleged obligation of a consumer
to pay money arising out of a transaction in which the money,
property, insurance, or services which are the subject of the
transaction are primarily for personal, family, or household
purposes.’ 15 U.S.C. § 1692a(5). A ‘debt collector’
is a person engaged in ‘the collection of debts’ and the
definition specifically excludes ‘an officer or employee of the
United States or any State to the extent that collecting or
attempting to collect any debt is in the performance of his official
duties.’ 15 U.S.C. §§ 1692a(6), 1692a(6)(C). Contrary
to plaintiff’s assertion, therefore, federal taxes are not a
debt, and the IRS is not a debt collector. The FDCPA does not apply.”
Kirk Bandy v. United States, 2008 TNT 82-83, No.
6:07-cv-01386 (U.S.D.C. Kan. 4/24/2008) (motion to quash summons
dismissed).
“[T]o the extent the Israels’ pleadings
may have set forth a claim under the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act, that claim is dismissed because the Israels’ tax
deficiencies do not qualify as a ‘debt,’ nor do the IRS
or its agents constitute ‘debt collectors’ for the
purposes of that Act. See 15 U.S.C. §§ 1692a(5)
(classifying a ‘debt’ as “any obligation or alleged
obligation of a consumer to pay money arising out of a transaction in
which the money, property, insurance, or services which are the
subject of the transaction are primarily for personal, family, or
household purposes’); 1692a(6)(C) (noting that only a ‘person’
can qualify as a ‘debt collector,’ then exempting ‘any
officer or employee of the United States or any State to the extent
that collecting or attempting to collect any debt is in the
performance of his official duties’).”
Kenneth L. Israel et ux. v. Mark Everson, 2005 TNT 222-18,
No. 4:05-cv-00184-JEG (U.S.D.C. S.D. Iowa 10/14/2005).
“We likewise reject Al-Sharif’s due
process claims under the FDCA [Fair Debt Collection Act] and FTCA.
The FDCA was designed ‘to eliminate abusive debt collection
practices by debt collectors, to insure that those debt collectors
who refrain from using abusive debt collection practices are not
competitively disadvantaged, and to promote consistent State action
to protect consumers against debt collection abuses.’ 15 U.S.C.
§ 1692(e). However, the term ‘debt collector’ does
not include an ‘officer or employee of the United States …
to the extent that collecting or attempting to collect any debt is in
the performance of his official duties[.]’ 15 U.S.C. §
1692a(6)(C). Al-Sharif therefore has no right of action against the
individual IRS agents under the FDCA.”
Al-Sharif v. United States, KTC 2008-493, No. 08-10741
(11th Cir. 2008), aff’ng KTC 2008-150, No.
07-00050-cv-1 (U.S.D.C. S.D. Ga. 2008).
See also, Staub v. Harris, 626 F.2d 275, 278 (3d Cir. 1980)
(“at a minimum, the statute contemplates that the debt has
arisen as a result of the rendition of a service or purchase of
property or other item of value. The relationship between taxpayer
and taxing authority does not encompass that type of pro tanto
exchange which the statutory definition envisages” ); Pollice
v. Nat’l Tax Funding, L.P., 225 F.3d 379, 401 (3rd Cir.
2000) (homeowner’s property tax obligations do not constitute
“debts” under the FDCPA); IRS v. Westberry, 215
F.3d 589, 591 (6th Cir. 2000) (income taxes should not be considered
consumer debt for purposes of the §1301 co-debtor stay); Beggs
v. Rossi, 145 F.3d 511, 512 (2nd Cir. 1998) (tax on automobiles
not a “transaction” for purposes of the FDCPA because
“the tax is not levied upon the purchase or registration of the
vehicle per se, but rather upon the ownership of the vehicle by the
citizen”).
Related topics:
Withholding of income tax from wages
without consent and without any court order is a deprivation of
property without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Procedural Fallacies
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore, failing
to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented by
regulations.
As a general rule, a statute does not require regulations to be
valid, and the fact that there are no regulations under a particular
section of the Internal Revenue Code is almost always irrelevant.
“Donald Langert argues that he does not owe
federal individual income taxes because the Internal Revenue Service
has failed to identify any agency regulation which entitles the IRS
to impose a tax upon him. Plaintiff argues that the statutes which
comprise the Internal Revenue Code do not, in and of themselves,
authorize the IRS to take any action; the IRS may only ‘implement’
these statutes through the regulations contained in Title 26 of the
Code of Federal Regulations.“The Court finds Plaintiffs
‘implementing regulation’ argument without merit; it
fundamentally misconstrues those provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code which relate to the powers and duties of the Secretary of the
Treasury, 26 U.S.C. section 7801(a), and the Commissioner of the
Internal Revenue Service, 26 U.S.C. section 7802(a). Pursuant to
Section 7805(a) of the Code, the Commissioner has broad authority to
‘prescribe all NEEDFUL rules and regulations for the
enforcement of [the Code], including all rules and regulations as may
be NECESSARY by reason of any alteration of law in relation to
internal revenue.’ 26 U.S.C. section 7805(a) (emphasis added);
see also Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. Engle 464 U.S. 206,
226-27, 104 S. Ct. 597, 604 (1984). Section 7805(a) is a general
grant of authority by Congress to the Commissioner to promulgate --
as necessary -- ‘interpretive regulations’ stating the
agency’s views of what the existing Code provisions already
require. E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, 41 F.3d 130, 135 & n. 20 (3th Cir. 1994).
Section 7805(a) does not require the promulgation of regulations as a
prerequisite to the enforcement of each and every provision of the
Code. The Commissioner’s power to promulgate regulations
pursuant to section 7805(a). . . ‘is not the power to
make law,’ but only the power ‘to carry into effect the
will of Congress as expressed by the statute.’ In case where
‘the provisions of the [Code] are unambiguous, and its
directions specific, there is no power to amend it by
regulation.’“Lovett’s Estate v. United
States, 621 F.2d 1130, 1135 (Ct. Cl. 1980) (citations omitted).
Thus, if the Congressional mandate of a Code provision is
sufficiently clear, an interpretative regulation is not necessary.”
Langert v. United States, KTC 1995-398, Case No. 3-94-1464
(D.Minn. 1995), (footnotes omitted).
“The statutes themselves require the payment of
the tax and the filing of a return. 26 U.S.C. § 6012. The
contents of the required return are described, in a general way,
right in the statute. If a taxpayer had done his best to fashion and
file a homemade return for want of notice of the IRS forms, and had
paid the applicable tax, then 5 U.S.C. § 552 might protect
him from being ‘adversely affected’ by nonpublication of
a form. However, the Bowers simply have evaded income taxes, and
their duty to pay those taxes is manifest on the face of the
statutes, without any resort to IRS rules, forms or regulations.”
United States v. Bowers, 920 F.2d 220, 222 (4th Cir. 1990),
(footnotes omitted).
See also, United States v. Koliboski, 732 F.2d 1328, 1329
(7th Cir. 1984); United States v. Saunders, 951 F.2d 1065,
1067-68 (9th Cir. 1991); Russell v. United States, 95-1 U.S.
Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,029,
at 87,122 (W.D. Mich. Nov. 23, 1994); Welch v. United States,
750 F2d 1101-11 (1st Cir. 1985), (prosecution under 26 U.S.C. § 6702
for filing frivolous return not barred by nonpublication of
interpretive IRS guidelines); Stafford v. Commissioner, T.C.
Memo. 1997-50 n.12 (“the absence of implementing regulations
would not, generally speaking, preclude the Commissioner from
enforcing sections of the Internal Revenue Code. Provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code generally do not require implementing
regulations as a prerequisite to enforcement.”), affd. without
published opinion 146 F.3d 868 (5th Cir. 1998).
The claim that the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code “are
ineffective or inoperative, including the sections imposing an
income tax or requiring the filing of tax returns, because the
provisions have not been implemented by regulations even though the
provisions in question either (a) do not expressly require the
Secretary to issue implementing regulations to become effective or
(b) expressly require implementing regulations which have been
issued” has been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax protester “evidence”
In making their “implementing regulations argument, tax
protesters frequently cite (and quote from) California Bankers
Association v. Shultz, 416 U.S. 21, 26 (1974), in which the
Supreme Court stated:
“[T]he Act’s civil and criminal penalties
attach only upon violation of regulations promulgated by the
Secretary. If the Secretary were to do nothing, the Act itself would
impose no penalties on anyone.”
There are at least two problems with this quotation. First, “the
Act” in question was the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, and not
the Internal Revenue Code, so the quotation is out
of context. Secondly, the purpose of the regulations described in
the Bank Secrecy Act was completely different from the purpose of tax
regulations. The Bank Secrecy Act authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to adopt regulations for record-keeping and financial
reporting by banks and other financial institutions, and imposed
civil and criminal penalties for failing to comply with the
regulations, not the statute. It was therefore clear that, if
there were no regulations, there were no penalties. The distinction
between the statute and the regulations was significant to the
Supreme Court, which upheld the constitutionality of the statute,
because the language of the statute was attacked as overly broad and
a violation of the 4th Amendment, but the regulations that
were actually adopted by the Secretary were more narrowly drawn and
passed constitutional muster. The Internal Revenue Code is completely
different, because (as explained above) the statute itself is
sufficient to establish liability for the tax and for civil and
criminal penalties, and the Code itself is constitutional whether or
not regulations are issued.
The courts have therefore rejected every attempt by tax protesters
to claim that California Bankers has any relevance to the enforcement
of the tax laws.
“Sasscer argues that “any IR Code section
without an implementing regulation has no force of law and authorizes
no action by IRS personnel,” and cites California Bankers
Association v. Shultz, 416 U.S. 21 (1974), and Caha v. United States,
152 U.S. 211 (1894). California Bankers’ Association noted in
upholding the Bank Secrecy Act (not the tax laws) “that the
[Bank Secrecy] Act’s civil and criminal penalties attach only
upon violation of regulations promulgated by the Secretary; if the
Secretary were to do nothing, the Act itself would impose no
penalties on anyone.” 416 U.S. at 26. A provision of the Bank
Secrecy Act is irrelevant to Sasscer’s tax liability and the
authority of the IRS. Caha affirmed a conviction of perjury, finding
that the district court had jurisdiction and that a law, not “a
mere regulation of a department,” had been broken. 152 U.S. at
218. Neither case can help Sasscer’s claims.”
United States v. John L. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5585,
2000 TNT 235-8, Civil No. Y-97-3026 (U.S.D.C. Md. 11/8/2000)
(granting summary judgment for the United States).
Related topics:
Form 1040 and its instructions were not
adopted in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Office of Management and Budget does not
require any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the
Internal Revenue Code, or identifies section 1 of the Code as
applying only to nonresident aliens.
More nonsense.
The actual facts are these:
Under the Paperwork Reduction Act, 44 U.S.C. §§ 3501-3520,
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is required to number each
form required by an agency of the federal government for the
collection of information and identify the law or regulation that
requires that the form be filed.
Treas. Reg. § 602.101(c) lists various regulations
that require returns and the OMB control numbers for the IRS forms
required by those regulations.
Form 1040, which is the income tax return for individuals,
was assigned OMB Control No. 1545-0074, and is listed as a form
required by a number of different regulations, including regulations
under section 61 (“Gross Income Defined”), section 63
(“Taxable Income Defined”), and section 6012 (“Persons
Required to Make Returns of Income”), but not section 1 (“Tax
Imposed”).
Initially, the information schedule for foreign earned
income, Form 2555 (OMB Control No. 1545-0067), was listed as a form
required by a number of different regulations, including Treas. Reg.
§ 1.1-1 (“Tax Imposed”), and Form 2555 was the
only form listed for that regulation. However, that listing was
deleted in 1994, and Form 2555 is now listed as a form required by
section 6012, just like Form 1040.
Because Form 1040 is not listed as a tax form for section 1, but
Form 2555 once was, tax protesters concluded that section 1
applies only to foreign income, and so only foreign income is
taxable, which is completely wrong.
The cross-reference between Form 2555 and section 1 was wrong from
the start, because the Paperwork Reduction Act relates to forms for
the collection of information and section 1 is not the section that
requires income tax returns. Section 1 of the Internal Revenue Code
(and Treas. Reg. § 1.1-1) imposes a tax on taxable income
and provides the rates for calculating the tax but does not actually
require the collection of any information. The obligation to file a
tax return is imposed by section 6012.
The IRS eventually realized that the reference to Form 2555 was
inconsistent with other cross-references and in 1994 the listing of
OMB numbers for IRS forms was amended by deleting the reference to
Treas. Reg. § 1.1-1 and adding OMB Control No. 1545-0067
(Form 2555) to the forms required by Treas. Reg. § 1.6012-1.
(Document 94-1253, filed May 24, 1994.)
Of course, the inferences drawn by tax protesters only flow in one
direction. To a tax protester, the publication of a cross-reference
between section 1 and foreign income is proof that the tax protester
is right, but the removal of the cross-reference is not proof that
the tax protester is wrong.
So there was once a regulation that stated that a form used
to report foreign income was a form required by section 1 of the
Internal Revenue Code. Which is meaningless at best.
Only a few court opinions have been found with this argument:
“The arguments in Kaetz’s appellate
briefs, which he shrouds in hyperbole and platitudes, do not further
his position. Through linguistic gymnastics, Kaetz contorts the
relevant sections of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury
Regulations to deduce that he does not have taxable income for the
years 1991-1997. He premises his argument, inter alia, on the belief
that United States citizens only earn taxable ‘gross income’
when living and working outside the United States, and that the
‘Foreign Earned Income Form 2555 is the only form required to
be filed[ ] by U.S. Citizens.’ Appellant’s Brief at
16-17, 18. He concludes his intricate deductive argument quite
bluntly: ‘Goodbye Income -- Taxes on Citizens with domestic
income.’ Id. at 18. The problem with his deduction is that it
is based on false premises. Income earned in the United States,
including salary, is taxable, see I.R.C. section 63, and ‘Gross
Income’ can be quantified.”
Kaetz v. Internal Revenue Service, 225 F.3d 649, 2000 U.S.
App. LEXIS 17068, 2000-2 U.S. Tax Cas. ¶50,544, 85 A.F.T.R.2d
2183, KTC 2000-312, No. 99-3346 (3d Cir. 6/7/2000), (unpublished
opinion), aff’g 1999 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 8309, 99-1 U.S. Tax Cas.
¶50,505, 83 A.F.T.R.2d 2536 (M.D.Pa. 1999). (Kaetz’s
brief, page 13-14, included the assertion that “26 CFR
§ 602.101 (1990)
– lists the form’s OMB Control number 154-0067, which is
the 2555, Foreign Earned Income form, as the only form to be filed by
U.S. Citizens pursuant to §
1.1-1 of the Regulations and thus § 1
of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC).”)
“Petitioner understands that section 1 of the
Internal Revenue Code imposes an income tax. Petitioner further
understands that section 1.1-1, Income Tax Regs., explains and
implements section 1. He has reviewed the references made to section
1.1-1, Income Tax Regs., in the OMB Control Number tables set forth
at section 602.101, Statement of Procedural Rules. The reference in
those tables for section 1.1-1, Income Tax Regs., does not include a
reference to OMB numbers 1545-0675 or 1545-0074, which are the OMB
numbers displayed on the Forms 1040EZ and 1040 submitted by
petitioner for 1986 and 1987. Petitioner does not contend that the
OMB numbers on these forms are invalid. Rather, he notes that the
only OMB number, 1545-0067, found for section 1.1-1, Income Tax
Regs., in the OMB number tables is the number assigned to Form 2555,
Foreign Earned Income. Therefore, petitioner concludes that section 1
imposes a tax only on foreign earned income. He insists that Form
1040 (and Form 1040EZ) are simply supplemental forms for record
keeping purposes.“Petitioner has confused the
imposition of the Federal income tax, set forth in section 1 and in
section 1.1-1, Income Tax Regs., with the duty to file a return set
forth in sections 6001, 6011, and 6012, together with their
accompanying regulations. These latter regulations require the
‘collection of information’ on a Federal income tax
return.“The Internal Revenue Service has obtained OMB
approval of the process of collecting information through Federal
income tax returns. The OMB has assigned numbers 1545-0074,
1545-0675, and others to that process. Sec. 602.101(c), Statement of
Procedural Rules. This process of collection of information is
embodied and authorized in the regulations. These regulations
include, among other things, those relating to taxpayers’
record keeping and reporting requirements (sec. 1.6001-1, Income Tax
Regs.), those relating to the duty of taxpayers to file Federal
income tax returns (sec. 1.6011-1, Income Tax Regs.), and those
relating to persons required to file income tax returns (sec. 1.6012-
1, Income Tax Regs.).[...]“Petitioner’s
only contention is that no return, upon which the addition to tax
could be based, was required under the Internal Revenue Code.
Petitioner’s claim primarily centers around his ‘OMB
number’ argument. We have previously rejected such an argument
as constituting a reasonable cause for failure to file a return in a
timely fashion. [Citation omitted.] Accordingly, the addition to tax
under section 6651(a)(1) for 1987 is sustained.”
Partos v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, T.C. Memo.
1991-408 (deficiency affirmed, along with penalties for failure to
file and intentional disregard of rules and regulations, and sanction
of $2,500 imposed, the court stating that it had “previously
categorized ‘OMB number’ arguments as frivolous and
groundless protestor allegations.”)
In Schroeder v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-190, one of
the arguments raised by the taxpayer was that “For Americans,
including the self-employed, the only tax authorized under the
sections referred to above [sections 1, 6001, 6011, and 6012] is Form
2555, titled ‘Foreign Earned Income,’ not Form 1040, as
Americans have been led to believe.” The Tax Court rejected all
of the arguments made by the taxpayer, describing them as “frivolous
and groundless,” ruled that the IRS could proceed to levy upon
the property of the taxpayer, and sanctioned the taxpayer $1,000 for
having “wasted the Court’s time.”
Related topics:
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore,
failing to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented
by regulations.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control
number and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax
return.
As explained above, the Paperwork Reduction Act
(“PRA”), 44 U.S.C. §§ 3501-3520, requires
that all forms used by the federal government for the “collection
of information” be submitted to the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and must bear a OMB control number. There is
also a provision, 44 U.S.C. § 3512, which provides that
penalties cannot be imposed on anyone for failing to comply with an
information collection request that does not display a valid OMB
control number or otherwise fails comply with the PRA. Some tax
protesters have therefore argued that they cannot be penalized for
failing to file a Form 1040 because it (or its instructions or
regulations) does not display a valid OMB control number.
This argument has lost in every court, and on questions of both
civil and criminal penalties, and the reasons it has lost usually
fall into one of three different categories: (1) the OMB control
number on Form 1040 is valid and Form 1040 complies with the PRA; (2)
the instructions and regulations for Form 1040 do not require OMB
control numbers; and (3) even if Form 1040 did not comply with the
PRA tax penalties could still be imposed because the PRA penalty
protection provision does not apply to reporting requirement imposed
by statute.
The IRS (and Form 1040) complies with the PRA.
In each year since the PRA was enacted, the IRS has submitted the
current year’s Form 1040 (and its schedules and variations,
such as Form 1040EZ) to the OMB for approval and for renewed OMB
control numbers in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, and
each year the OMB has approved the forms submitted by the IRS. For
example, the Form 1040 for the tax year 2005 was submitted to the OMB
on July 8, 2005, at 70 F.R. 39550. Form 1040 (and its various
variations and schedules) is therefore listed in the “Inventory
of Approved Information Collections” which is maintained by
the Office of Management and Budget.
And the courts have unanimously agreed that the IRS has complied
with the PRA.
“Finally, we have no doubt that the IRS has
complied with the Paperwork Reduction Act. Form 1040 bears a control
number from OMB, as do the other forms the IRS commonly distributes
to taxpayers. That this number has been constant since 1981 does not
imply that OMB has shirked its duty. Section 3507 requires periodic
review, not a periodic change in control numbers. Patridge offers us
no reason to think that the necessary review has not been conducted.
The control number on Form 1040 appears on OMB’s web site as a
current, valid number; if this is wrong, it takes more than a
lawyer’s say-so to establish the proposition.”
United States v. Denny R. Patridge, 507 F.3d 1092, 1094-95,
2007 TNT 221-11, Nos.
06-3635 and 06-3785 (7th Cir. 11/14/2007), cert.
den., No. 07-1045 (U.S. 3/24/2008) (conviction for tax evasion
affirmed). Also, counsel for appellant, Jerrold Barringer, was given
14 days to show cause why he should not be sanctioned $10,000 for
“frivolous arguments and noncompliance with the Rules”
and why he should not be suspended from practice “until he
demonstrates an ability to litigate an appeal competently and
responsibly.” Sanctions were in fact imposed, and the Supreme
Court denied a petition for mandamus by Barringer seeking review. In
re: Jerold W. Barringer, No. 07-1140 (S.C. 4/14/2008).
United States v. Patridge
was cited and relied on in Scott
A. Lewis v. Commissioner,
523 F.3d 1272, 1276-77, No.
07-9006 (10th
Cir. 4/29/2008) (“In fact,
the agency has complied with the PRA by periodically updating the
expiration date applicable to IRS Form 1040.”) See also,
Wheeler v. Commissioner, 528 F.3d 773, 780-781, 2008 TNT
114-13, No.
07-9001 (10th Cir. 6/10/2008), aff’ng T.C. Memo. 2006-109,
Nos. 14430-03, 7206-04 (May 22, 2006).
“[I]t is settled that the Commissioner has
obtained OMB approval for collecting information through Federal
income tax returns.”
McCart v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1993-96.
“The IRS has obtained OMB approval of the
process of collecting information through Federal income tax returns
and has been assigned number 1545-0074 for that process. [Citations
omitted.] Further, OMB control number 1545-0074 is displayed on the
1985 and 1986 Forms 1040 issued by the IRS. Therefore, petitioner’s
argument that he was relieved of his obligation to report his income
for taxable years 1985 and 1986 is inapposite.”
Schramm v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1991-523, aff’d
988 F.2d 121 (9th Cir. 1993) (unpublished opinion).
“Petitioners have confused the imposition of the
Federal income tax, set forth in section 1 of the Internal Revenue
Code and in section 1.1-1 of its accompanying regulations, with the
duty to file a return, set forth in sections 6001, 6011, 6012 of the
Internal Revenue Code, together with their accompanying regulations.
These latter regulations require the ‘collection of
information’ on a Federal income tax return. They have been
assigned an OMB number--1545-0074--as set forth at 26 C.F.R. sec.
602.101, Statement of Procedural Rules, and which in all respects
appears valid. Petitioners have not shown any basis for holding that
OMB number 1545-0074 (which is displayed on the 1981 Form 1040 as
well as being assigned to the above regulations) is in any way
invalid.”
Beam v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1990-304 (footnote
omitted), aff’d. 956 F.2d 1166 (9th Cir. 1992) (unpublished
opinion).
“Petitioners’
arguments concerning the illegality of Form 1040 under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1980, 44 U.S.C. secs. 3501-3520 (1988), are entirely
without basis in fact. ... The Internal Revenue Service has obtained
OMB approval of the process of collecting information through Federal
income tax returns.”
Pekrul v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1992-455, aff’d
993 F.2d 884 (9th Cir. 1993) (unpublished opinion).
See also, Brock v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1990-197;
Warden v. Commmissioner, 1990-321; Aldrich v. Commissioner,
T.C. Memo. 1993-290; Allnutt v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo.
1991-6, aff’d 956 F.2d 1162 (4th Cir. 1992) (unpublished
opinion) (no merit in the taxpayer’s argument that the
Commissioner failed to comply with the provisions of the PRA);
Richard J. Barzeski v. Commissioner, 2006 TNT 61-11, No.
05-4012 (3rd Cir. 3/28/2006) (unpublished decision
affirming Tax Court decision rejecting claim that tax forms carry “an
expired number from the Office of Management and Budget, in violation
of the Paperwork Reduction Act” and imposition of $5,000 in
sanctions and imposing additional sanction of $1,000 for a frivolous
appeal).
Exactly why tax protesters continue to believe that Form 1040 does
not comply with the PRA is often unclear. One argument seems to be
that the OMB control numbers on the current tax forms are invalid
because they are the same numbers as was printed on the forms in
previous years. However, these are the numbers that have been
approved by the OMB and there is nothing in the statute or
regulations to require that a form that is revised or re-issued each
year must have a new control number each year. Several courts have
therefore confirmed that the continuing use of the same control
number is valid if approved by the OMB.
“That this number [OMB #1545-0074] has been
constant since 1981 does not imply that OMB has shirked its duty.
Section 3507 requires periodic review, not a periodic change in
control numbers.”
United States v. Denny R. Patridge, 507 F.3d 1092, 1094-95,
2007 TNT 221-11, Nos.
06-3635 and 06-3785 (7th Cir. 11/14/2007), cert.
den., No. 07-1045 (U.S. 3/24/2008) (conviction for tax evasion
affirmed); Lewis v.
Commissioner, 523 F.3d
1272, 1276-77, No.
07-9006 (10th
Cir. 4/29/2008).
Another taxpayer made a more complicated argument:
“Petitioners’ reasoning is somewhat
convoluted in that they argue, for example, that the Form 1040 has a
control number for 1999, but that the control number expires on
December 31, 1999, before the form is used in 2000 (typically on or
before April 15, 2000) to report income for 1999. Under petitioners’
interpretation, respondent would face the conundrum of never being
able to have a valid control number, because the form must be
prepared, printed, and distributed prior to filing time, which begins
January 1st each year. Accordingly, we find petitioners’
initial argument to be sophistry and without merit. The Forms 1040
contain a control number that has been provided and displayed in
accord with the PRA.”
Willis v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2008-233, aff’d
2009 TNT 212-10, No. 09-60334 (11/4/2009) (unpublished).
It has also been argued that
the forms themselves must display an expiration date for the OMB
control numbers, but this argument has also been rejected. Lewis
v. Commissioner, 523
F.3d 1272, 1276-77, No.
07-9006 (10th
Cir. 4/29/2008) (“We hold
that the current version of the PRA does not require any expiration
date to be printed on Form 1040”); United
States v. Collins, 920
F.2d 619 (10th
Cir. 1990).
A more recent argument is that Form 1040 does not comply with the
PRA because it does not include a statement that “the person
who is to respond to the collection of information that such person
is not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a valid control number” as required by the “public
protection” provision of the PRA, 44 U.S.C. § 3512(a)(2).
The IRS currently provides that statement in the instructions to Form
1040, but not on the Form 1040 itself, and the argument is that the
statement must be on the Form 1040 itself. (The instructions to Form
1040 for 2005 contains a “Disclosure, Privacy Act, and
Paperwork Reduction Act Notice” on page 78 that includes the
statement that “You are not required to provide the information
requested on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act
unless the form displays a valid OMB control number.” The Form
1040 itself contains the statement “For Disclosure, Privacy
Act, and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 78” at the
bottom of the first page, so the first page of Form 1040 contains
both an OMB control number and directions to the Paperwork Reduction
Act notice.)
An immediate problem with the argument that the PRA notice must be
on the form itself is that the statute does not require that the
“collection of information” contain the notice, but only
that “the agency inform the person” without specifically
requiring how or where the agency provide that information. (By
contrast, § 3512(a)(1)
requires that the “collection of information” display a
valid control number.)
The regulations that have been
promulgated by the OMB confirm that the requirement that an agency
inform “the potential persons who are to respond to the
collection of information that such persons are not required to
respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number” (5 C.F.R.
§ 1320.5(b)(2)(i))
may be carried out “in a manner that is reasonably calculated
to inform the public” (5 C.F.R. § 1320.5(b)(2)(ii)),
and that “In the case of forms, questionnaires, instructions,
and other written collections of information sent or made available
to potential respondents (other than in n electronic format), the
information described in paragraph (b)(2)(i) of this section is
provided ‘`in a manner that is reasonably calculated to inform
the public’ if the agency includes it either on the form,
questionnaire or other collection of information, or in the
instructions for such collection.” 5 C.F.R.
§ 1320.5(b)(2)(ii)(A).
These regulations are
consistent with the language of the statute and the legislative
history. For example:
“For collections of information contained in a
rule, agencies must provide the required information in a manner
reasonably calculated to inform the public. Notice may be provided in
the preamble to a final rule containing the collection of
information, or in a general notice in the volume of the Code of
Federal Regulation in which the agency’s regulations appear.”
House Report 104-99 at 36-37.
Placing the required notice in the instructions to Form 1040, with
a cross-reference printed on the bottom of the first page of Form
1040, is therefore perfectly consistent with the statute, the
regulations, and the legislative intent.
Courts that have addressed this issue have agreed that the
information in the instruction booklet to Form 1040 provides the
required notice:
“The IRS, an agency, satisfies this obligation
[to inform the persons filling out tax forms that they are not
required to respond unless the form displays a valid control number]
by making these disclosures in the instruction booklet associated
with Form 1040.”
Lewis v. Commissioner,
523 F.3d 1272, 1276-77, No.
07-9006 (10th
Cir. 4/29/2008).
“In that
opinion [Lewis,
supra]
opinion we explained that the PRA does not require each form
requesting information to inform the person responding to the request
that he or she is not required to respond unless a valid control
number is displayed. The requirement is simply that the agency
must provide that information. We
held that ‘[t]he IRS, an agency, satisfies this obligation by
making these disclosures in the instruction booklet associated with
Form 1040.’”
Raymond C.
Wheeler v.
Commissioner, 528 F.3d
773, 780-781, 2008 TNT 114-13, No.
07-9001 (10th Cir. 6/10/2008) (emphasis in original; sanctions of
$4,000 imposed for frivolous appeal), aff’ng T.C. Memo.
2006-109, Nos. 14430-03, 7206-04 (May 22, 2006).
The instructions and regulations for Form 1040 do not require OMB
control numbers.
Another argument raised by tax protesters is
that they can’t be penalized for not filing a Form 1040 because
the instructions to Form 1040, or the income tax regulations that
might need to be consulted to prepare an accurate return, do not have
an OMB control number. Needless to say, this argument has also been
unanimously rejected.
“Petitioner also contests her liability for the
negligence additions to tax on the grounds that respondent’s
regulations and the instructions accompanying Forms 1040 do not
comply with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980
(PRA), 44 U.S.C. Secs. 3501-3520 (1988). ... A number of courts,
including the Tax Court, recently have addressed petitioner’s
argument and have held that the PRA does not apply to either Federal
income tax regulations or to the instructions accompanying Federal
tax forms because such documents are not information requests; rather
they are designed to assist taxpayers to complete tax forms and to
more easily comply with information collection requests.”
Ferguson v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1992-95, aff’d
995 F.2d 223 (5th Cir. 1993) (without published opinion), cert.
denied 510 U.S. 918 (1993).
See also, United States v. Dawes, 951 F.2d 1189 (10th Cir.
1991); James v. United States, 970
F.2d 750, 753-54 n. 6 (10th Cir. 1992) (“Lack of an OMB number
on IRS notices and forms does not violate [the PRA]”); Schott
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo.
1991-457; Salberg v. United States, 969 F.2d 379, 384
(7th Cir. 1992) (“every court that has considered the argument
that the regulations and instruction books promulgated by the IRS are
within the scope of the PRA has rejected it. [Citations omitted.] We
do the same.”); United States v. Denny R. Patridge, 507
F.3d 1092, 2007 TNT 221-11, Nos.
06-3635 and 06-3785 (7th Cir. 11/14/2007) (“[W]e
take this occasion to hold that the 1995 amendments to the Act do not
alter Salberg’s conclusion.”), cert. den.,
No. 07-1045 (U.S. 3/24/2008); United States v. Holden, 963
F.2d 1114, 1116 (8th Cir. 1992) (tax instruction booklets are not
subject to the PRA); United States v. Kerwin, 945 F.2d 92, 92
(5th Cir. 1991) (per curiam); United States v. Wunder, 919
F.2d 34, 38 (6th Cir. 1990).
Even if the Form 1040 did not comply with the PRA, tax penalties
could still be imposed because the PRA penalty protection provision
does not apply to reporting requirement imposed by statute.
Even if the IRS had not complied with the Paperwork Reduction Act,
it would have had few (if any) consequences for most taxpayers,
because there is a difference between paperwork required by an agency
of the federal government and paperwork required by Congress itself,
and the courts have uniformly agreed that any failure by the IRS to
comply with the PRA would not relieve taxpayers from
civil or criminal penalties for failure to file tax returns.
“Where an agency fails to follow the PRA
[Paperwork Reduction Act] in regard to an information collection
request that the agency promulgates via regulation, at its own
discretion, and without express prior mandate from Congress, a
citizen may indeed escape penalties for failing to comply with with
the agency’s request. [Citations omitted.] But where Congress
sets forth an explicit statutory requirement that they citizen
provide information, and provides statutory criminal penalties for
failure to comply with the request, that is another matter. This is a
legislative command, not an administrative request. The PRA was not
meant to provide criminals with an all-purpose escape hatch.”
United States v. Hicks, 947 F.2d 1356 (9th Cir. 1991).
“Congress did not enact the PRA’s public
protection provision to allow OMB to abrogate any duty imposed by
Congress. ... So the PRA provides Neff no refuge from his
statutorily-imposed duty to file income tax returns”
United States v. Neff, 954 F.2d 698, 699-700 (11th Cir.
1992).
“[T]he requirement to file a tax return is
mandated by statute, not regulation. Defendant was not convicted of
violating a regulation but of violating a statute which required him
to file an income tax return.”
United States v. Wunder, 919 F.2d 34, 38 (6th Cir. 1990).
“Paperwork Reduction Act does not apply to the
statutory requirement that a taxpayer must file a return”
United States v. Kerwin, 945 F.2d 92 (5th Cir. 1992).
“[P]etitioner’s argument that the PRA may
in some manner negate statutory penalties for failure to file tax
returns and pay taxes is without merit. Because the requirement to
file tax returns and the imposition of penalties for failing to do so
represents a ‘legislative command, not an administrative
request’, the PRA provides no ‘escape hatch’ from
penalties for failing to file tax returns. [Citations omitted.]
Citing dicta in the unpublished, nonprecedential opinion of Pond
v. Commissioner, 211 Fed. Appx. 749 (10th Cir. 2007), affg. T.C.
Memo. 2005-255, petitioner suggests that 1995 amendments to the PRA
call into question these well-established judicial precedents.
Petitioner has identified, however, and we have discovered nothing in
the 1995 amendments to the PRA to suggest that they had this purpose
or effect.”
Richard N. Pate v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2007-132, aff’d
2008 TNT 23-39, No. 07-60731 (5th Cir. 1/31/2008). (The
Pond decision is described below.)
“Salberg was convicted of violating a statute.
It was a federal statute--26 U.S.C. Sec. 7203--not a regulation or an
instruction book that required Salberg to file an income tax return.
Statutes are not subject to the PRA ....’’
Salberg v. United States, 969 F.2d 379, 384 (7th Cir.
1992).
“The last of the issues we address is Patridge’s
contention that the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980, 44 U.S.C. §§
3501-21, forecloses his conviction. This contention is as weak as the
other 18, but it has been raised in several recent appeals -- despite
the fact that it was considered and rejected in Salberg v. United
States, 969 F.2d 379 (7th Cir. 1992) -- so we take this occasion
to hold that the 1995 amendments to the Act do not alter Salberg’s
conclusion.“Section 3507 provides that an agency needs
the approval of the Office of Management and Budget to collect
information, and § 3512(a)(1) adds that ‘no person shall
be subject to any penalty for failing to comply with a collection of
information that is subject to this subchapter’ unless OMB’s
approval is evinced by a ‘valid control number’ on the
agency’s demand for information. Per § 3507(g), OMB ‘may
not approve a collection of information for a period in excess of 3
years.’ Patridge observes that the IRS’s Form 1040 has
displayed the same control number since 1981 and argues that it must
therefore represent an approval lasting for more than 3 years.
Moreover, he asserts that the IRS did not obtain a new approval
between the 1995 amendments and the adoption of forms for tax years
1996 and 1997, so these forms must be (in counsel’s words)
‘outlaw and bootleg.’ Finally, Patridge contends that all
IRS forms are invalid because they do not tell taxpayers that the
lack of a valid control number means that they need not supply any
information.“How any of this could block a conviction
for tax evasion is a mystery. Patridge evaded taxes by shuffling his
income among trusts in an attempt to conceal it from the IRS. That
crime does not depend on the contents of any form. Evading one’s
taxes is illegal independent of the information one does or does not
supply. Consider another example: the Clean Air Act requires
businesses to curtail certain emissions using the best available
technology, and to report on those emissions to the EPA. An error in
the EPA’s forms might spare the business any penalties for bad
information but would not license it to emit pollution without limit.
The Paperwork Reduction Act does not change any substantive
obligation.Anyway, as we held in Salberg, the obligation to
file a tax return stems from 26 U.S.C. § 7203, not from any
agency’s demand. The Paperwork Reduction Act does not repeal §
7203. Repeal by implication depends on inconsistency that makes it
impossible to comply with the newer law while still honoring the old
one, [citations omitted], and there is no such inconsistency between
§ 7203 and the Paperwork Reduction Act. One reason for this is
that § 7203 requires a ‘return’ but does not define
that word or require anyone to use Form 1040, or any “official”
form at all. All that is required is a complete and candid report of
income.”
United States v. Denny R. Patridge, 507 F.3d 1092, 1094,
2007 TNT 221-11, Nos.
06-3635 and 06-3785 (7th Cir. 11/14/2007), cert.
den., No. 07-1045 (U.S. 3/24/2008) (conviction for tax evasion
affirmed). Also, counsel for appellant, Jerrold Barringer, was given
14 days to show cause why he should not be sanctioned $10,000 for
“frivolous arguments and noncompliance with the Rules”
and why he should not be suspended from practice “until he
demonstrates an ability to litigate an appeal competently and
responsibly.” Sanctions were in fact imposed, and the Supreme
Court denied a petition for mandamus by Barringer seeking review. In
re: Jerold W. Barringer, No. 07-1140 (S.C. 4/14/2008).
“We would be inclined to follow the general
analysis of Wunder and Hicks and hold that the
operation of the PRA in these circumstances did not repeal the
criminal sanctions for failing to file an income tax return because
the obligation to file is a statutory one.’’
United States v. Dawes, 951 F.2d 1189, 1192 (10th Cir.
1991).
“Because the duty to file income tax returns
arises out of valid federal statutes rather than regulations, the
court finds that the defendant’s argument that the penalty bar
contained in the PRA at 44 U.S.C. § 3512 warrants dismissal
of the instant Indictment is without merit.”
United States v. Pottorf, 769 F. Supp. 1176, 1177 (D. Kan.
1991).
See also, United States v. Holden, 963 F. 2d 1114 (8th Cir.
1992); United States v. Bentson, 947 F2d 1353 (9th Cir. 1991);
Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1443-45 (10th Cir.
1990) (“PRA” not enacted “to create loophole in the
tax code”); United States v. James, 970 F.2d 750, 753
n.6 (10th Cir. 1992) (lack of OMB number does not violate PRA);
Befumo v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1991-509, aff’d 968
F.2d 1220 (9th Cir. 1992) (unpublished opinion); United States v.
Ryan, 969 F.2d 238, 240 (7th Cir. 1992).
It should also go without saying that the PRA would by its express
terms only protect someone for failing to file a return, but could
not possibly protect someone who has filed a false return, and yet at
least one person has made that claim (and had it rejected). United
States v. Chisum, 502 F.3d 1237, 1244 (10th Cir. 2007)
(conviction for tax evasion affirmed; the PRA protects a person only
“for failing to file information. It does not protect one who
files information which is false”).
The Office of Management and Budget cited many of those cases, and
followed those cases, when it adopted 5 C.F.R. 1320.6(e), which now
provides that “The protection provided by paragraph (a) of this
section does not preclude the imposition of a penalty on a person for
failing to comply with a collection of information that is imposed on
the person by statute--e.g., 26 U.S.C. Sec. 6011(a) (statutory
requirement for person to file a tax return)....”
That regulation was added after the 1995 amendments to the
PRA, and in proposing the regulation the OMB cited the Salberg,
Neff, Dawes, Hicks, and Wunder decisions, concluding:
“In those cases, the courts concluded that
Congress, in enacting the Paperwork Reduction Act, did not intend to
require itself to comply with the requirements of that Act (and seek
and obtain OMB approval) whenever Congress decides to impose a
paperwork requirement on persons directly by statute.“There
is no legislative history pertinent to the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1995 that suggests that Congress intended to change this court
interpretation for 44 U.S.C. 3512. “Accordingly, where
Congress imposes a collection of information directly on persons, by
statute (as, e.g., in 26 U.S.C. Sec. 6011(a) and 42 U.S.C. Sec.
6938(c)), then the public protection provided by proposed Sec.
1320.6(a) would not preclude the imposition of penalties for a
person’s failure to comply with the statutory mandate.”
60 F.R. 30437, 30441 (6/8/1995) (footnote omitted).
The IRS has ruled that claims that taxpayers are not required to
file tax returns because of alleged violations of the Paperwork
Reduction Act are “frivolous” and may result in civil or
criminal penalties. Rev.
Rul. 2006-21; 2006-15 IRB 1.
The claim that “There is no legal requirement to file a
Federal income tax return because the instructions to Forms 1040,
1040A, or 1040EZ or the Treasury regulations associated with the
filing of the forms do not display an OMB control number as required
by the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1980, 44 U.S.C. § 3501 et
seq., or similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev. Rul.
2006-21, 2006-15 I.R.B. 745” has been identified by the IRS as
a “frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax protester “evidence”
Like many tax protester arguments, the OMB number argument relies
mostly on wishful thinking, and tax protesters who advocate this
position usually claim to rely on a United States Supreme Court
opinion, Dole v. Steelworkers,
494 U.S. 26 (1990), which the court stated that “Typical
information collection requests [subject to the Paperwork Reduction
Act] include tax forms, Medicare forms, financial loan applications,
job applications, questionnaires, compliance reports, and tax or
business records.” 94 U.S. at 33. Reliance on that opinion is
misplaced.
Reliance on Dole v. Steelworkers is misplaced because the
issue before the Supreme Court had nothing to do with tax forms, and
nothing to do with the penalty protection provisions of the PRA. The
question of whether a person can be punished for failing to file a
federal tax return that did not have a OMB number was not before the
court and never considered by the court. The quoted sentence is
therefore what lawyers call “dicta” (Latin for “words”)
and cannot be relied on with confidence, particularly when the words
would have consequences which were not considered by the court.
It is also relevant that the actual holding the Supreme Court in
Dole v. Steelworkers, that information that a federal agency
might require to be given to employees, customers, and other third
parties, and not to the agency itself, was not within the scope of
the PRA, was reversed by Congress in the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1995, so the actual holding of the case is no longer good law and is
no longer followed.
As explained above, there were several court decisions before 1995
holding that a failure by the IRS to comply with the PRA was not
a defense to criminal or civil tax penalties. There is no evidence
that Congress intended to change any of the results in any of those
tax cases that had been decided by the lower courts when Congress
amended the PRA in 1995.
Some tax protesters claim that the case of Robert Lawrence is some
kind of evidence that the PRA defense will work. In that case, the
government decided to dismiss an indictment and not prosecute
Lawrence after he had raised the “PRA defense,” but the
timing of the events was a coincidence. In response to a motion by
Lawrence for legal fees from the government, the government explained
that, in preparing for trial, it had discovered errors in the
calculations of some of the taxes alleged to have been owed by
Lawrence and that the amounts actually owed were less than what was
claimed in the indictment. The judge refused to allow the government
to amend the indictment, and so the government decided to dismiss the
indictment rather run the risk that the jury would not convict
Lawrence when it learned that the government itself could not
accurately calculate his tax liabilities. In ruling for the
government on the issue of legal fees, the judge stated that “In
light of the cases that had addressed the PRA of 1980, as of the time
that Lawrence was prosecuted, the Government had good reason to
believe that the PRA defense (even based on the amended PRA of 1995)
would not provide someone who failed to pay income taxes with a valid
defense,” and referred to the possibility that a court might
rule that the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 is a valid defense for
failing to pay taxes as “unlikely.” The court therefore
concluded that “Lawrence’s argument that the Government
should have known that this [PRA defense] was the law at the time
that Lawrence was prosecuted is ridiculous.” United States
v. Lawrence, 2006 TNT 153-15, No. 06-10019 (U.S.D.C. C.D. Ill.
7/31/2006), aff’d 217 Fed.App’x 553, No. 06-3205 (7th
Cir. 3/1/2007) (Lawrence “has no case support for his argument
that the PRA so clearly foreclosed the criminal action as to render
the conduct vexatious, frivolous or in bad faith, nor does the
language of the PRA establish that proposition”).
One circuit has expressed a willingness to consider whether tax
forms comply with the PRA. In Pond v. Commissioner, 211 Fed.
Appx. 749, 2007 TNT 5-8, (10th Cir. 2007), affg. T.C. Memo. 2005-255,
the court stated that “tax forms are information collection
requests with the meaning of the Act,” citing the Supreme
Court’s decision in Dole v. United Steelworkers of America,
cited above. The court then stated that “we need to ask whether
the 1040 is excepted from the two requirements set out above in 44
U.S.C. § 3512 [that the form display a valid control number and
contain a notice that no response is required unless a control number
is displayed] and, if not, whether the 1040 complies with those
requirements.” However, the tax forms were not introduced into
evidence and so the court had nothing to review and ruled against the
taxpayer. Because the Pond decision merely expressed a
willingness to consider the issues, and did not reach any
conclusions, it has not changed the rulings of any other courts. See,
for example, Richard N. Pate v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo.
2007-132, aff’d 2008 TNT 23-39, No. 07-60731 (5th
Cir. 1/31/2008) (quoted above); Stanley C. Wolcott v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2007-315 (no sanctions imposed for
raising frivolous PRA arguments “in light of the newness at the
time of trial in this case of the Tenth Circuit’s decision in
Pond v. Commissioner, 211 Fed. Appx. 749 (10th Cir. 2007),
affg. T.C. Memo. 2005-255, which petitioner appears to have
misunderstood”). Furthermore, the 10th Circuit
itself has rejected any possible reliance on the Pond decision,
stating:
To support his PRA claim[,] Lewis attempts to rely on
a recent unpublished decision Pond v. CIR, 211 F. App’x
749 (10th Cir. 2007). Even though unpublished decisions are of no
precedential value in this court, we are aware of several misguided
attempts to rely on this particular decision and thus, offer a brief
clarification. In Pond, we recognized the PRA as applying to
Form 1040, but declined to address the argument that the form
violated the PRA because the defendant had not included any of the
forms in the record. Id. at 752; see also United States v.
Dawes, 951 F.2d 1189, 1192 (10th Cir. 1991). Lewis misreads that
decision, claiming it states that “an argument based upon the
PRA cannot be called ‘frivolous’ and dismissed without
consideration.” Br. at 11. The unpublished decision said no
such thing, and even affirmed the district court’s dismissal of
the PRA claims as frivolous, while acknowledging that the PRA applies
to Form 1040. Pond, 211 F. App’x at 752.
Scott A. Lewis
v. Commissioner,
523 F.3d 1272, No.
07-9006, p. 6, n. 4 (10th
Cir. 4/29/2008).
In Judy C. Cargill v. Commissioner, 272 Fed. Appx. 756,
2008 TNT 65-18, No. 07-14207 (11th Cir. 4/2/2008)
(unpublished), the 11th Circuit agreed that tax forms are
covered by the PRA, citing Dole v. United Steelworkers, but
nevertheless followed its previous holding in United States v.
Neff, 954 F.2d 698, 699-700 (11th Cir. 1992), that “Congress
created [the taxpayer’s] duty to file the Returns in 26 U.S.C.
§ 6012(a), and . . . Congress did not enact the PRA’s
public protection provision to allow OMB to abrogate any duty imposed
by Congress,” the court stating that the claim that the
appellant “was not required to file a federal tax return
because the IRS 1040 Form failed to comply with the 1995 PRA is
without merit, and the 1995 Amendments did not alter that result.”
Administrative Summonses
Some taxpayers have also argued that they need not comply with an
administrative summons issued by the IRS because Form 2039 (or other
investigative or audit forms used by the IRS) does not display an OMB
control number. However, the Paperwork Reduction Act provides that
the requirements of OMB review and an OMB control number do not apply
to “an administrative action or investigation involving an
agency against specific individuals or entities.” 44 U.S.C.
§ 3518(c)(1)(B)(ii).
Several courts have therefore ruled that an IRS administrative
summons does not need to display an OMB control number. Faber v.
United States, 69 F. Supp. 2d 965, 969 (W.D. Mich. 1999); United
States v. Particle Data, Inc., 634 F.Supp. 272, 275 (N.D.Ill.
1986); United States v. Tristina Elmes, 2009 TNT 235-11, No.
0:09-mc-61726 (U.S.D.C. S.D. Fla. 12/7/2009). See also, Cameron v.
IRS, 593 F.Supp. 1540, 1556 (N.D.Ind. 1984), aff’d, 773
F.2d 126 (7th Cir.1985) (assessment and collection of taxes falls
under PRA § 3518(c)(1)(B)(ii) exception to OMB control number
requirement); Snyder v. IRS, 596 F.Supp. 240, 250 (N.D.Ind.
1984) (reaffirming Cameron).
Related topics:
The Office of Management and Budget does not
require any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as
applying only to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted
in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
Tax protesters have occasionally argued that Form 1040 and its
instructions constitute a “rule” for purposes of the
Administrative Procedure Act (APA) and therefore must be published in
the Federal Register.  This defense has been deemed
“meritless.”  United States v. Bentson, 947
F.2d 1353, 1360 (9th Cir. 1991). The tax code itself, a statute and
not a regulation, imposes the duty to file a return.  See 26
U.S.C. 6012.
See also United States v. Bowers, 920 F.2d 220, 221-23 (4th
Cir. 1990) (APA protects only those with no notice: to reverse
conviction, court would need to find that: (1) the statutes provided
no notice of obligation to pay taxes, (2) the IRS forms and offices
were secret -- although 200 million Americans know about them, and
(3) the defendants, who had previously filed returns, had forgotten
about the required forms and the IRS offices); United States v.
Kahn, 753 F.2d 1208, 1222 (3d Cir. 1985) (claim that IRS failure
to publish interpretive guidelines in Federal Register violates Title
5, U.S.C. § 552(a)(1)(D), “totally devoid of merit”).
Related topics:
The Internal Revenue Service has never
adopted any regulations imposing any income tax. Furthermore,
failing to file a tax return is not a crime because the relevant
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code have never been implemented
by regulations.
The Office of Management and Budget does not require
any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the Internal
Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as applying only
to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Internal Revenue Code does not require
any payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service
has admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
At one time, the instructions to Form 1040 referred to section
6001 (the general requirement for a return for different kinds of
taxes) but not section 6012 (which requires the filing of income tax
returns by those with more than certain amounts of income). The
instructions have been changed since then, and the “Disclosure,
Privacy Act, and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice” now clearly
refers to section 6012 as well as to sections 6001 and 6011.
But even when the instructions referred only to section 6001,
courts had no difficulty in concluding that the liability for income
tax, and the requirement to file a return, is imposed by the Internal
Revenue Code and is not negated by the words used by the IRS on the
tax forms. For example:
“[Billman] contends that, as a ‘private
individual defined in the Privacy Act,’ he is not required to
pay tax because the ‘IRS has admitted that the * * * [Internal
Revenue Code] does not apply’ to such individuals. He notes
that the Privacy Act requires the Internal Revenue Service to (5
U.S.C. sec. 552a(e)(3)): ‘inform each individual whom it asks
to supply information * * * the authority * * * which authorizes the
solicitation of the information.’ He then concludes that,
because the Form 1040 ‘Privacy Act Notice’ fails to
mention section 6012, I.R.C. 1954, he is not required to provide any
tax related information and, indeed, is freed from paying any tax at
all. In our judgment, petitioner’s position is based on sheer
sophistry. We hold that the Form 1040 ‘Privacy Act Notice’
does satisfy the requirements of the Privacy Act, and that, in any
event, even if there were a failure to comply with the Privacy Act,
such failure would not nullify petitioner’s liability for
Federal income taxes.”
Billman v. Commissioner, 83 T.C. 534 (1984), aff’d
847 F.2d 887 (D.C. Cir. 1988).
Related topics:
The Office of Management and Budget does not
require any form for the income tax imposed by section 1 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and identifies section 1 of the Code as
applying only to nonresident aliens.
Form 1040 does not bear a valid OMB control number
and so no penalty can be imposed for failing to file a tax return.
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Internal Revenue Service is not an agency
of the federal government, but a private corporation incorporated in
Delaware (or, alternatively, an agency of the government of Puerto
Rico).
This is silly.
Section 7801(a) of the Internal Revenue Code states that the
administration and enforcement of the Code shall be performed by or
under the supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury. Section
7802(a) then says that there shall be a Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in the Department of the Treasury who shall have such duties
and powers as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Finally, Section 7803(a) of the Code states that the Secretary is
authorized to employ persons for the administration and enforcement
of the Internal Revenue Code.
Acting under these laws, the Department of the Treasury has
adopted regulations creating the Internal Revenue Service, of which
the following is a part:
“The Internal Revenue Service is a bureau of the
Department of the Treasury under the immediate direction of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The Commissioner has general
superintendence of the assessment and collection of all taxes imposed
by any law providing internal revenue. The Internal Revenue Service
is the agency by which these functions are performed.”
Treas. Reg. Section 601.101(a).
The legitimacy and authority of the Internal Revenue Service has
been confirmed by the Supreme Court:
“[T]he Internal Revenue Service is organized to
carry out the broad responsibilities of the Secretary of the Treasury
under section 7801(a) of the 1954 Code for the administration and
enforcement of the internal revenue laws.”
Donaldson v. United States, 400 U.S. 517, 534 (1971).
And yet several courts have had to confirm that the IRS is indeed
part of the government of the United States:
“It is clear that the Internal Revenue Code gave
the Secretary of the Treasury full authority to administer and
enforce the Code, and the power to create an agency to administer and
enforce the tax laws. Pursuant to that legislative grant of
authority, the Secretary created the Internal Revenue Service, so
that the IRS is an agency of the Department of the Treasury, created
pursuant to Congressional statute.”
Snyder v. IRS, 596 F.Supp. 240 (N.D. In. 1984).
“Plaintiff attempts to circumvent this
conclusion by arguing that the IRS is ‘a private corporation’
because it was not created by ‘any positive law’ (i.e.,
statute of Congress) but rather by fiat of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Apparently, this argument is based on the fact that in 1953
the Secretary of the Treasury renamed the Bureau of Internal Revenue
as the Internal Revenue Service. However, it is clear that the
Secretary of the Treasury has full authority to administer and
enforce the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 7801, and
has the power to create an agency to administer and enforce the laws.
See 26 U.S.C. § 7803(a). Pursuant to this legislative grant
of authority, the Secretary created the IRS. 26 C.F.R. § 601.101.
The end result is that the IRS is a creature of ‘positive law’
because it was created through congressionally mandated power. By
plaintiff’s own ‘positive law’ premise, then, the
IRS is a validly created governmental agency and not a ‘private
corporation.’”
Young v. Internal Revenue Service, 596 F.Supp. 141
(N.D.Ind. 1984).
See also, Cameron v. IRS, 593 F.Supp. 1540, 1549 (N.D.Ind.
1984).
“We perceive no need to refute these arguments
with somber reasoning and copious citation of precedent; to do so
might suggest that these arguments have some colorable merit. The
constitutionality of our income tax system-including the role played
within that system by the Internal Revenue Service and the Tax
Court--has long been established.”
Crain v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417 (5th Cir. 1984),
(responding to, among other things, a claim that the “Internal
Revenue Service, Incorporated” lacks authority).
“Salman’s argument that the Internal
Revenue Service is not a government agency is wholly without merit.”
Salman v. Jameson, 52 F.3d 334 (9th Cir. 1995). (Salman has
now been enjoined against filing any other lawsuits against the IRS
or the United States. See Salman v. Jameson, 97-1 USTC
¶50,452, 79 A.F.T.R.2d ¶97-2667, 97 TNT 97-24 (U.S.D.C.
D.Nev. 1997).) See also, Salman v. Dept. of Treasury, 899 F.
Supp. 471, 472 (D. Nev. 1995) (“The court finds there is no
basis in fact for Salman’s contention that the IRS is not a
government agency of the United States.”)
“Petitioner has devoted 3 pages of his 12-page
reply brief to arguing that the Internal Revenue Service is not an
“agency of the United States”. Presumably, petitioner
intends by this argument to suggest that respondent has no authority
to determine or collect petitioner’s income tax
deficiencies.[...]“Petitioner’s argument
is tax protester gibberish. It’s bad enough when ignorant and
gullible or disingenuous taxpayers utter tax protester gibberish.
It’s much more disturbing when a member of the bar offers tax
protester gibberish as a substitute for legal argument.“The
Internal Revenue Service is an agency of the United States Department
of the Treasury. Secs. 7801(a), 7803. Section 7801 provides that “the
administration and enforcement of this title shall be performed by or
under the supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury.”
Section 7803(a) provides for the appointment of a Commissioner of
Internal Revenue under the Department of the Treasury. Section
7803(a)(2) provides that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall,
among other things, “administer, manage, conduct, direct, and
supervise the execution and application of the internal revenue laws
or related statutes and tax conventions to which the United States is
a party”. Section 7804(a) authorizes the Commissioner to
employ, supervise, and direct subordinate persons to administer and
enforce the internal revenue laws. These sections of the Internal
Revenue Code dispel any notion that the Internal Revenue Service is
not authorized to administer and enforce the internal revenue laws.”
Edwards v. Commission, T.C. Memo 2002-169.
See also, Kay v. Summers, 86 AFTR 2d 7161, 7165, 2001-1
USTC ¶50,103, at 87,013 (D. Nev. 2000) (the contention “that
the Internal Revenue Service is some sort of private corporation, not
a government agency” is frivolous); United States v. Fern,
696 F.2d 1269, 1273 (11th Cir. 1983) (“Clearly, the Internal
Revenue Service is a ‘department or agency’ of the United
States.”); Thomson v. United States, 88 AFTR 2d 5620,
5621, 2001-2 USTC ¶50,614, at 89,521 (S.D. Fla. 2001) (“The
Internal Revenue Service is a ‘department or agency’ of
the United States.”).
The claim that “[t]he Service is not an agency of the United
States government but rather a private-sector corporation or an
agency of a State or Territory without authority to administer the
internal revenue laws” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters often claim that, in a footnote in Chrysler
Corp. v. Brown, 441 U.S. 281, 297, n. 23 (1979), the Supreme
Court “admitted” that no statute authorizing the Internal
Revenue Service could be found, even though the justices searched
back to the end of the Civil War. But that’s not what the
Supreme Court said. What the footnote actually says is:
“There was virtually no Washington bureaucracy
created by the Act of July 1, 1862, ch. 119, 12 Stat. 432, the
statute to which the present Internal Revenue Service can be traced.”
441 U.S. at 297, n.23 (emphasis added).
Tax protesters seem to read a “not” into the sentence.
Tax protesters also like to cite a pleading (not a court opinion)
that the government once filed in which the government denied that
the IRS was an “agency” of the United States. That
pleading has to be read in context. Someone had sued the Internal
Revenue Service and the Department of Justice filed an answer which
denied “that the Internal Revenue Service is an agency of the
United States Government” but admitted “that the United
States of America would be a proper party to this action.” The
government therefore admitted that the actions of the IRS were the
actions of the United States and that the United States is
responsible for the actions of the IRS, but that the lawsuit should
be against the United States and not the IRS. This was confirmed by a
footnote in the court’s opinion:
“The Internal Revenue Service, and not the
United States, was originally named as defendant in this action.
However, the United States is correct that the Internal Revenue
Service has no capacity to sue or be sued. [Citation omitted]
Therefore, the United States is properly substituted for the Internal
Revenue Service in this action.”
Diversified Metal Prods., Inc. v. T-Bow Co. Trust, 78 AFTR
2d 5830, 5832, n. 3, 96-2 USTC ¶50,437 at 85,462, n. 3 (D. Idaho
1996).
The action of the court in substituting the United States
government for the IRS actually confirms (and not denies) that the
IRS is part of the United States government. Why else
would a lawsuit against the IRS be changed to a lawsuit against the
United States?
Which means that tax protesters are citing a court case that
refutes their argument and does not support them. Which is
rather typical of tax protesters.
Related topics:
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
The notices issued by the IRS are
not valid because they were not signed by the Secretary of the
Treasury personally and the Secretary has failed to properly delegate
the authority to sign the notices.
More meaningless nit-picking from people trying to set up
procedural roadblocks in order to avoid paying taxes.
There are many sections of the Internal Revenue Code that empower
“the Secretary” to do certain things, such as the
assessment of tax (I.R.C. section 6201) or the collection of taxes by
levy (I.R.C. section 6331). However, the Code also defines
“Secretary” to mean “Secretary of the Treasury or
his delegate.” I.R.C. section 7701(a)(11)(B).
The Secretary typically delegates authority through “delegation
orders” that describe the classes of IRS officers and employees
that are authorized to take different types of actions. These
delegation orders do not need to be published in the Federal Register
because they do not affect the rights and obligations of taxpayers.
“They are not substantive or legislative-type rules of law, but
rather rules of internal agency/management procedure.” Stamos
v. Commissioner, 95 T.C. 624 (1990), citing United States v.
McCall, 727 F. Supp. 1252, 1254 (N.D. Ind. 1990). Delegation
orders are therefore not easily found, but are summarized in the
relevant sections of the Internal Revenue Manual.
Although there are many published cases in which taxpayers argued
that the IRS officer who issued to notice of deficiency, notice of
intent to levy, or other IRS action did not have proper authority,
the courts have found valid delegation orders in every case. For
example:
“The Commissioner’s authority to file a
notice of Federal tax lien and/or issue a final notice of intent to
levy has been delegated to a host of Internal Revenue Service
personnel, including (in the case of Federal tax liens) various
managers responsible for collection matters and GS-9 and above
revenue officers and (in the case of levies on property in the hands
of third parties) GS-9 and above revenue officers. See Delegation
Order No. 191 (Rev. 2; Oct. 1, 1999) (Rev. 3; June 11, 2001),
pertaining to levies; Delegation Order No. 196 (Rev. 4; Oct. 4,
2000), pertaining to liens. Consistent with these delegations of
authority, the Notice of Federal Tax Lien and the notice required by
section 6320, which were initiated by Revenue Officer John Stetsko
and authorized by Acting Technical Support Group Manager Brenda
McCullough, and the final notice of intent to levy, which was issued
by Revenue Officer Stetsko, are valid.”
Everman v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-137.
See also, Hughes v. United States, 953 F.2d 531, 536 (9th
Cir. 1992) (“The delegation of authority down the chain of
command, from the Secretary to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
to local IRS employees constitutes a valid delegation by the
Secretary to the Commissioner, and a redelegation by the Commissioner
to the delegated officers and employees.”); Herip v. United
States, 106 Fed. Appx. 995, 999, 2004 WL 1987302, at *4 (6th Cir.
2004); Lonsdale v. United States, 919 F.2d 1440, 1448 (10th
Cir. 1990); Lemieux v. United States, 230 F. Supp. 2d 1143,
1146 n.3 (D. Nev. 2002); Nestor v. Comm’r, 118 T.C. 162,
165-66.
Tax protesters who have simply demanded proof of delegation orders
have often been rebuffed with decisions holding that the IRS is not
required to provide proof of proper delegation. For example, appeals
officers conducting collection due process hearings are not required
to provide taxpayers with copies of any delegation orders. Borchardt
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 338 F. Supp. 2d 1040,
1043-44 (D. Minn. 2004). See also, Rennie v. Internal Revenue
Service, 216 F.Supp.2d 1078, 1082 (E.D.Ca. 2002) (“There is
no requirement that the IRS produce ‘evidence of any delegated
authority from the Secretary of the Treasury’ or evidence of
‘internal delegations of administrative authority.’”).
Furthermore, delegation orders are among the internal procedures
that the courts have held do not grant any rights to taxpayers. See
Smith v. United States, 478 F.2d 398, 400 (5th Cir. 1973);
Tavano v. Comm’r, 986 F.2d 1389, 1390 (11th Cir. 1993).
In addition, most notices require no signature at all. For
example, a notice of deficiency need not be signed in order to be
valid. Brafman v. United States, 384 F.2d 863, 865 n.4 (5th
Cir. 1967); Pendola v. Commissioner, 50 T.C. 509, 513-514
(1968); Fox v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1993-277 n.4, aff’d.
without published opinion 69 F.3d 543 (9th Cir. 1995); Elmore v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-123 (same for notice of
determination to proceed with levy). And a notice of deficiency is
not invalid merely because it bears a stamped signature. Urban v.
Commissioner, 964 F.2d 888 (9th Cir. 1992), aff’ng per
curiam T.C. Memo. 1991-220; Commissioner v. Oswego Falls Corp.,
71 F.2d 673 (2d Cir. 1934), aff’ng 26 B.T.A. 60 (1932).
Finally, tax protesters sometimes claim that a “pocket
commission” is required of IRS employees. But a pocket
commission is only issued to certain IRS employees charged with
enforcement activities outside of IRS offices, such as physical
seizures of property or criminal investigations. See I.R.M.
§ 1.16.6.1
(07-01-2003). Once again, this is an internal IRS policy and
there is no legal obligation for an IRS employee to have a pocket
commission or to produce a pocket commission for inspection by a
taxpayer in a collection due process hearing or other routine IRS
activities.
“Frese’s requests for other documentation
are meritless because the IRS has no duty to produce such materials.
In particular, the illegitimate requests include demands for oaths of
office, pocket commissions, job descriptions, delegation orders and
authorizations, Treasury regulations, and statutes relating to the
underlying tax and penalty.”
Dale Frese v. United States, 2006 TNT 53-21, No. 05-1741
(U.S.D.C. D.N.J. 1/30/2006) (dismissing objections to collection due
process hearing and allowing IRS to proceed with collection of $500
frivolous return penalty). See also, Gunselman v. Commissioner,
T.C. Memo 2003-11.
The claims that:
A statutory notice of deficiency is invalid because it was
“unsigned or not signed by the Secretary of the Treasury or by
someone with delegated authority”;
“A Notice of Federal Tax Lien is invalid because it is
not signed by a particular official (such as by the Secretary of the
Treasury), or because it was filed by someone without delegated
authority”;
“Revenue Officers are not authorized to issue levies or
Notices of Federal Tax Lien or to seize property in satisfaction of
unpaid taxes”; and
“A Service employee lacks the authority to carry out
the employee’s duties because the employee does not possess a
certain type of identification or credential, for example, a pocket
commission or a badge, or it is not in the correct form or on the
right medium.”
have each been identified by the IRS as a “frivolous
position” that can result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted
in a tax return or included in certain collection-related
submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
If I do not file a return, then the Internal
Revenue Service cannot assess a deficiency without first preparing a
signed “substitute for return” in accordance with I.R.C.
section 6020(b).
[Return to Table of Contents]
The notices issued by the IRS are invalid
because they are not signed under penalties of perjury as required by
I.R.C. section 6065.
Section 6065 requires taxpayers to file returns that are signed
under penalties of perjury, but it says nothing about notices and
determinations made by the IRS. This is therefore another example of
wishful thinking by tax protesters desperate to find some
technicality to absolve them of their tax liabilities.
The text of section 6065 is as follows:
“Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary,
any return, declaration, statement, or other document required to be
made under any provision of the internal revenue laws or regulations
shall contain or be verified by a written declaration that it is made
under the penalties of perjury.”
The courts have been unanimous in concluding that the words
“required to be made” limit the application of the
section to tax returns and other documents that taxpayers are
required to file. For example:
“The Cermaks’ third argument is that the
[administrative] summons Knapp issued was invalid because it was not
signed under the penalties of perjury, as required by 26 U.S.C.
section 6065. Section 6065 states: [Text of section 6065 omitted] The
Cermaks would have us read out of section 6065 the phrase “required
to be made” and thereby apply that section to any document made
under any provision of the internal revenue laws. This we cannot do.
Congress limited the applicability of section 6065 to only those
documents “required to be made” under the internal
revenue laws, and we must give effect to Congress’s intent. The
phrase “required to be made” limits the applicability of
section 6065 to documents that must be filed with the IRS, and not
documents issued by the IRS. [Citation omitted] The Internal Revenue
Code does not require the IRS to issue any summonses at all; it
merely authorizes the IRS to do so. Accordingly, a summons under
section 7602 is not a document “required to be made”
under the Internal Revenue Code, and hence, section 6065 is not
applicable to this case. [Footnote omitted]”
Cermak v. United States, 79 AFTR2d P97-1052, 97 TNT 121-44,
KTC 1997-584, No. 96-2933 (7th Cir. 1997).
“Courts have held that section 6065 does not
apply to notices issued by the Commissioner; its requirements are
directed at documents that are originated by the taxpayer. [Citation
omitted] We hold that section 6065 does not require an Appeals
officer to sign a notice of determination under penalties of
perjury.”
Davis v. Commissioner, 115 T.C. 35, 42 (2000).
“Petitioners’ first allegation of error is
that the notice of deficiency they received for 1996 and 1997 was
invalid because it was not issued in compliance with section 6065,
which generally provides that documents or statements required to be
made under the internal revenue laws must be subscribed under
penalties of perjury. Petitioners’ argument is without merit.
The requirements of section 6065 are directed at documents
originating with the taxpayer, not respondent. [Citation omitted]
Therefore, respondent’s failure to sign the notice of
deficiency under penalties of perjury does not invalidate it.”
Milam v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2004-94.
“The debtor also argues that 26 U.S.C. section
6065 requires that the Proof [of claim in bankruptcy] be under
penalty of perjury. .... This section [6065] is intended to require
taxpayers, not the IRS, to make returns under penalties of perjury.”
In re Vines, KTC 1996-414, No. 96-932-CIV-T-17A (M.D.Fla.
9/27/1996)
“Craig claims that the notices of intent to levy
are unlawful because they were not verified by a written declaration
made under penalty of perjury, as required by 26 U.S.C. Section 6065.
... Section 6065 does not govern the form and content of the notice
of levy, or any other document issued by the Secretary or his
delegates, but rather deals with verification of returns made by
taxpayers. It appears in the Internal Revenue Code as part of Part IV
(Signing and Verifying of Returns and Other Documents) of Chapter 61
(Information and Returns). It plainly refers to the signing of
returns and other documents by taxpayers.”
Craig v. Lowe, KTC 1996-286, No. C-95-3006 (U.S.D.C.
N.D.Cal. 3/7/1996).
“Section 6065 was enacted to permit the taxpayer
to submit a verified return rather than a notarized return, [citation
omitted], and does not apply to notices issued by IRS agents.
[Footnote omitted]”
Morelli v. Alexander, KTC 1996-123, No. 95 CIV 7057 (BDP)
(S.D.N.Y. 4/4/1996).
“Plaintiff next alleges that the IRS’s
“Notice of Federal Tax Lien” and “Notice of Intent
to Levy” were illegal and/or invalid because they were not
properly verified in compliance with either 26 U.S.C. section 6065 or
28 U.S.C. section 1746. (See Pl.’s Mem. in Support of Complaint
at paragraphs 3-4.) Plaintiff maintains that, because the Defendants’
collection activities were not in strict accordance with the law,
they constituted a taking of property without due process of law.
(Id. at paragraphs 6-7.) Neither section 6065 nor section 1746,
however, apply to an IRS notice of tax lien or an IRS notice of
intent to levy [Footnote omitted] and, hence, there is no requirement
that those documents be verified in accordance with either of those
provisions.”
Wheeler v. O’Hanlon, KTC 1995-619, No. 95-60 ERIE
(W.D.Pa. 10/31/1995).
“Morton also argues that 26 U.S.C. section 6065
requires the IRS to sign every document under penalty of perjury.
Section 6065 states; [Text of section 6065 omitted]. Morton
incorrectly interprets the implication of this section. Section 6065
deals with the verification of returns made by taxpayers. Congress
enacted this section, along with sections 6061 and 6064, to simplify
the task of both the taxpayer and Internal Revenue Service by
permitting a verified return to be substituted for a notarized return
in certain situations. [Citation omitted] Thus, Section 6065 does not
require that notices issued by the Internal Revenue Service bear the
signature of the district director or other official.”
Alaska Computer Brokers v. Morton, KTC 1995-409, n. 8, 76
A.F.T.R. 2d 95-6458, 95-2 USTC P50,510, No. A95-106 CV (JWS)
(U.S.D.C. Alaska 9/6/1995).
See also, Larrew v. United States, KTC 2001-293 (N.D.Tex.
2001) (“Section 6065 does not apply to notices issued by IRS
agents” and so does not apply to a notice of federal tax lien);
Stone v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1998-314 (stating that
section 6065 applies to returns and other documents filed with the
Commissioner but does not apply to notices of deficiency); Cohen
v. United States, 201 F.2d 386 (9th Cir.), cert. denied, 345 U.S.
951 (1953); Pursell v. United States, 1995 WL 273175 at *6
(E.D. Cal. 1995); Mueller v. Esselstrom, 1995 WL 462219 at
*2-3 (C.D. Cal. 1995); In re White, 168 B.R. 825, 833 (Bankr.
D. Conn. 1994).
Related topics:
The notices issued by the IRS are
not valid because they were not signed by the Secretary of the
Treasury personally and the Secretary has failed to properly
delegate the authority to sign the notices.
[Return to Table of Contents]
If I do not file a return, then the Internal
Revenue Service cannot assess a deficiency without first preparing a
“substitute for return” in accordance with I.R.C. section
6020(b).
This is another example of tax protesters believing what they want
to believe, and seizing on nonsensical readings of the Internal
Revenue Code to try to throw up procedural roadblocks to the
assessment and collection of taxes.
In this case, tax protesters want to believe that, if they don’t
file a return, the IRS has to prepare and sign a tax return for them
before the IRS can assess a tax deficiency. This is usually based on
the provisions of section 6020(b), which reads as follows:
“(b) Execution of Return by Secretary. --“(1)
Authority of secretary to execute return. -- If any person fails to
make any return required by any internal revenue law or regulation
made thereunder at the time prescribed therefor, or makes, willfully
or otherwise, a false or fraudulent return, the Secretary shall make
such return from his own knowledge and from such information as he
can obtain through testimony or otherwise.“(2) Status
of returns. -- Any return so made and subscribed by the Secretary
shall be prima facie good and sufficient for all legal purposes.”
The purpose and effect of the this provision will be explained
below, but the most important point is that this section is entirely
separate from the section on the assessment of deficiencies. The
statutory definition of assessment, and the method of assessment,
says nothing about any requirement for a signed return:
“Section 6203. Method of Assessment“The
assessment shall be made by recording the liability of the taxpayer
in the office of the Secretary in accordance with rules or
regulations prescribed by the Secretary. Upon request of the
taxpayer, the Secretary shall furnish the taxpayer a copy of the
record of the assessment.”
It is the practice of the IRS to prepare a “substitute for
return” (or “SFR”) to calculate the tax liability
of a taxpayer when the taxpayer fails to file a return, and then to
assess the tax calculated on the SFR, and the courts have uniformly
approved this procedure regardless of whether or not the the SFR is
executed in accordance with section 6020(b). For example:
“Plaintiffs contend that the Service cannot
impose liens against them because no properly executed return exists
for them for the years in question because they did not file returns
and the Service’s SFR was not signed by anyone from the
Service. Plaintiffs assert that the IRS’s SFR was not signed
and, therefore, cannot be ‘prima facie good and sufficient for
all legal purposes.’ This assertion, however, is irrelevant in
determining whether the IRS violated I.R.C. section 7341 because
plaintiffs have not shown that the IRS requires a ‘properly
executed return’ to assess taxes.“An SFR is not
an assessment. Under the regulations, the district director or other
IRS employee may prepare a return for a taxpayer who is required to
prepare a return but fails to do so, provided that the taxpayer
consents to disclose all necessary information. 26 C.F.R. section
301.6020-1(a)(1) (1989). Additionally, the director must make a
return, from his or her own knowledge and other means, for a taxpayer
that fails to file a return within the specified time. Id. section
301.6020-1(b). The execution of an SFR under section 6020(b),
however, does not start the three year limitation for the IRS to
assess taxes after filing of the taxpayer’s return. See id.
section 301.6501(b)-1. The regulations clearly contemplate,
therefore, that the SFR and the assessment of taxes are separate
events. The SFR is the calculation of any amounts due and owing; an
assessment is a prescribed procedure for officially recording the
fact and the amount of a taxpayer’s administratively determined
tax liability, with consequences somewhat similar to reduction of a
claim to judgment. Cohen v. Gross, 316 F.2d 521, 522-23 (3d Cir.
1961).“Section 6020 of the Code provides that a signed
SFR is prima facie good and sufficient for all legal purposes; it
does not establish the legal significance of an unsigned SFR.
Although the assessment must be signed by the appropriate officer
under 26 C.F.R. section 301.6203-1, there is no parallel requirement
that the SFR be signed. Thus, the unsigned SFR does not invalidate
the assessment, which presumably was signed in the regular course of
the IRS’s procedures.”
Christensen v. United States, KTC 1990-142, No. CA 88-5075
(SSB) (U.S.D.C. D.N.J. 3/19/1990).
“When a taxpayer fails to file a return and then
refuses to provide relevant information to the IRS, the agency faces
a difficult task in determining, assessing, and collecting whatever
tax may be owed. It is not compelled to file a substitute return to
trigger the assessment process. ... But a substitute return provides
a valid statutory basis for an assessment, and an assessment gives
the taxpayer notice of the IRS’s position and an opportunity to
contest the assessed deficiency by administrative appeal and civil
deficiency or refund litigation.”
United States v. Silkman, 220 F.3d 935 (8th Cir.
07/19/2000)
See also, United States v. Ahrens, 530 F.2d 781, 785 (8th
Cir. 1976); Murray v. United States, 300 F.2d 804, 806 (1st
Cir.), on remand 209 F. Supp. 883 (D. Mass. 1962), aff’d, 316
F.2d 29 (1st Cir. 1963); Donovan v. Maisel, 559 F. Supp. 171,
173 (D. Del. 1982); Geiselman v. United States, 961 F.2d 1, 5
(1st Cir.), cert. denied, 506 U.S. 891 (1992).
Reading section 6020(b) literally, to require the preparation and
execution of a return which would then be “good and sufficient
for all legal purposes,” would work to the disadvantage of
taxpayers, because it would completely by-pass the due process
protection of the deficiency procedures. If a properly executed
income tax return were really prima facie good and sufficient
for all legal purposes, the IRS could assess the tax
shown on it without having to use deficiency procedures. For that
reason, the IRS does not ordinarily use section 6020(b) for income
tax returns, but uses it primarily for the employment tax liabilities
of employers because an employment tax assessment does not require
the notice of deficiency required for income tax returns (and certain
other kinds of taxes). See I.R.C. Section 6212.
The claims that “[a] tax assessment is invalid because the
assessment was made from a section 6020(b) substitute for return,
which is not a valid return” and that, “[b]ecause filing
a tax return is not required by law, the Service must prepare a
return for a taxpayer who does not file one in order to assess and
collect tax” have each been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Some tax protesters think that the decision of the Tax Court in
Cabirac
v. Commissioner, 120 T.C. 163 (2003), supports their
position, but it does not. In that case, the Tax Court held that a
“substitute for return” (or “SFR”) was a
valid method of determining a deficiency, and the Tax Court upheld
the deficiency determined by the IRS, even though the SFR did not
comply with I.R.C. Section 6020(b).
However, as part of the same decision, the court also held that
the “return” in question that was presented by the IRS
did not comply with section 6020(b), and so it could not be used as
the basis for a penalty under section 6651(a)(2), which imposes a
failure to pay penalty on “the amount shown as tax on any
return” that is filed late. The effect of this ruling is that
the IRS does not need to comply with section 6020(b) to assess a tax,
but if the IRS wishes to assess a penalty under section 6651(a)(2)
and the taxpayer has not filed a return, the IRS must first prepare a
return for the taxpayer in accordance with section 6020(b).
Following the Cabirac ruling, the IRS issued new proposed
regulations under section 6020(b) to clarify what is a “return”
under that section, and to simplify the preparation of those returns.
REG-131793-03; 70 F.R. 41165, 2005 TNT 136-6 (7/18/2005).
Related topics:
The notices issued by the IRS are invalid
because they are not signed under penalties of perjury as required
by I.R.C. section 6065.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I have revoked my consent to be a taxpayer.
The flip side of the claim that “the
income tax is voluntary” is the claim that you can
“unvolunteer” from the tax system.
Needless to say, the courts have not been impressed.
“Sasscer contends nevertheless that he is a
‘non-taxpayer’ due to his decision to rescind and revoke
his consent to taxpayer status. Specifically, he refers to a letter
and affidavit filed with the IRS on April 13, 1985. In the letter,
Sasscer proclaims that he is a ‘freeman, a free sovereign
individual.’ The attached Affidavit of Revocation and Recission
declares that Sasscer is not ‘and never was a “taxpayer”
as that term is defined in the Internal Revenue Code, a “person
liable” for any Internal Revenue tax, or a “person”
subject to the provisions of that Code.’ This well-worn
argument has been uniformly repudiated by the federal courts. The
federal income tax is not voluntary, and a person may not elect to
opt out of the federal tax laws by a unilateral act of revocation and
recission.”
United States v. John L. Sasscer, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5317,
2000 TNT 186-76, No. Y-97-3026 (D.C. Md. 8/25/2000), (footnote
omitted).
A somewhat similar argument is that taxpayers can refuse the pay
Social Security taxes if they have waived the right to receive Social
Security benefits. This argument was rejected in Crouch v.
Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1990-309, and Derksen v.
Commissioner, 84 T.C. 355, 360 (1985). In Rev.
Rul. 2005-17, 2005-14 I.R.B. 823, the IRS ruled that the argument
is “frivolous” and can result in civil and criminal
penalties.
See also, Lesoon v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 141
F.3d 1185, 1998 WL 166114 (10th Cir. 1998); United States v.
Gerads, 999 F.2d 1255, 1256 (8th Cir. 1993); Damron v. Yellow
Freight System, Inc., 18 F. Supp. 2d 812, 819-20 (E.D. Tenn.
1998), aff’d, 188 F.3d 506 (6th Cir. 1999).
The claim that “[a] taxpayer may ‘untax’ himself
or herself at any time or revoke the consent to be taxed and
thereafter not be subject to internal revenue taxes” has been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
Form W-4 (i.e., the federal withholding certificate)
is an agreement to be liable for the income tax.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I have a letter from the IRS saying that I
am not required to file an income tax return.
An example of “garbage in, garbage out.” If you write
to the IRS and say that you are a non-resident alien with no taxable
income, the IRS will write back and say that you are not required to
file a tax return. It means nothing, because you have lied to the
IRS.
Now, if you wrote to the IRS and said that you were a citizen of
Montana with $50,000 of wages received in the past year, and the IRS
said that you were not required to file a tax return, that
would be interesting. But the IRS has never sent anyone any such
letter.
Related topics:
I am not required to file a tax return
because I wrote a letter to the IRS demanding to know where in the
Internal Revenue Code it says I am required to file and the IRS has
failed to respond.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I am not required to file a tax return
because I wrote a letter to the IRS demanding to know where in the
Internal Revenue Code it says I am required to file and the IRS has
failed to respond.
The IRS is not required to respond to every kook or misfit looking
for an argument.
If you have a serious question about the tax laws, you can call or
write to the IRS and they will try to give you some guidance. If you
want to play 20 questions and try to “trap” the IRS into
making some kind of statement that you can later try to use against
it, you’re wasting your time (and theirs).
Demand letters only work when there is a legal right to make the
demand. If I am owed a debt, I have a right to demand payment. If I
make a demand for payment, and receive no payment, I have the right
to sue. However, if there is no valid debt, then sending a demand
letter is meaningless, because there is no legal obligation to
respond to a demand for a debt which doesn’t exist.
Same thing with the IRS. There are statutes that give people the
right to make demands on the IRS under certain circumstances. For
example, section 6905 of the Internal Revenue Code gives the executor
of an estate the right to demand that the IRS determine what income
taxes might have been owed by the decedent within nine months of the
notice. If the IRS fails to respond within nine months, the executor
can distribute the decedent’s estate without any personal
liability for any income taxes that might be owed.
BUT!!!!!
There is nothing in the Internal Revenue Code, no statute of the
United States, and no court decision in the history of the United
States that requires the IRS to respond to the demands of taxpayers
wanting to know why they are legally required to pay income taxes. If
the IRS fails to respond to those kinds of letters, it means
absolutely nothing.
As one court explained:
“The Plaintiffs further assert, in their Reply
Memorandum dated September 12, 2005, that the ‘IRS has
repeatedly refused to show [Plaintiffs] where in the [Internal
Revenue] Code it makes [Plaintiffs] “liable for” the tax
they claim is owed.’ Plfs.’ Reply at p. 7. The Plaintiffs
allege that it is ‘abundantly unclear’ what the term
taxpayer, as used throughout the IRC, means, and state that ‘when
[the United States] can show where [Plaintiffs are] “subject
to” or “liable for” a so-called tax, at that point
[Plaintiff] will gladly pay the tax.’ Id. At 4, 10.
However, the Government does not have the burden of showing the
Plaintiffs ‘where’ they are ‘subject’ or
‘liable for’ the tax before the tax is paid. The
comprehensive administrative enforcement scheme and judicial review
process with which the Government is required to proceed under the
IRS code is well established and none of it requires the Government
to answer the Plaintiffs’ philosophical questions regarding the
tax system. For a clear explanation of “where in the law
subjects the Plaintiffs to tax,” the court directs the
Plaintiffs’ attention to Amendment XVI of the Constitution and
the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 1, which is entitled ‘Tax
Imposed.’”
Celauro v. United States, 411 F. Supp.2d 257, 269, 2006
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 3147, 2006-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) P50,168, 97
A.F.T.R.2d (RIA) 761, 2006 TNT 51-17, No. 05-cv-02245-ADS-WDW
(U.S.D.C. E.D. N.Y. 1/28/2006), aff’d sub nom. United States
v. Astrup, 2006 TNT 118-16, No. 05-5701-cv (2nd Cir.
6/14/2006).
Another court rejected this kind of claim (after dismissing a
“hodgepodge of unsupported assertions, irrelevant platitudes,
and legalistic gibberish”) as follows:
“Finally, petitioner contends that her attempts
to secure explanations from the IRS about her arguments were
reasonable cause for her failure to file returns for the years in
issue. They were not. Petitioner apparently did not consult with an
attorney or accountant or any competent tax professional before
discontinuing her prior history of filing returns. She cites
innumerable cases out of context, while ignoring the innumerable
cases upholding the validity of the Federal income tax and rejecting
arguments by individuals that they are not required to file Federal
income tax returns and pay Federal income taxes. Her failure to file
returns for the years in issue was not due to reasonable cause. She
is liable for the addition to tax under section 6651(a) [for failure
to file a return or pay any tax] as determined by respondent.”
Rogers v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2001-20 (1/30/2001).
In affirming negligence penalties and imposing sanctions, another
court stated:
“In an attachment, entitled ‘Formal Tax
Return Protest With Memorandum of Law,’ the petitioners argued
that a portion of their wages was not taxable under the Sixteenth
Amendment because it was a return on human capital, i.e., the ‘human
machine.’ [....]“The Commissioner’s failure
to respond to the tax return memorandum was not improper as the
Commissioner has no obligation to respond to inquiries regarding the
tax code.”
Gary Boggs et ux. v. Commissioner, 569 F.3d 235 (6th Cir.
2009) (affirming sanctions of $10,000 imposed by the Tax Court and
imposing additional sanctions of $8,000 imposed for a frivolous
appeal).
However, according to newspaper accounts of a trial for criminal
failure to file, a jury concluded that the defendant’s failure
to file returns was not “willful” when the IRS failed to
respond to her letters. Catts, Timothy, “Officials Call FedEx
Pilot’s Case ‘Bad Example to Follow,’” 2003
TNT 158-2 (Aug. 14, 2003), describing the jury verdict in United
States v. Kuglin, No. 03-20111 (U.S.D.C. W.D. Tenn. 8/8/2003).
Trying to prove a lack of “willfulness”
(aka the “Cheek defense”) in this way is risky and,
as explained below, the jury verdict did not
eliminate the defendant’s tax liabilities, so the best that can
be said of this strategy is that it might keep you out of
jail.
Tax protesters sometimes claim that the IRS should be “estopped”
from assessing any taxes (or penalties) against them, but tax
protesters don’t really understand the doctrine of estoppel.
Equitable estoppel is a judicial doctrine created to prevent
injustice, and the doctrine prevents a party from asserting a defense
or claim against someone else if the other person has justifiably
relied on statements (or actions) of the party. See, for example,
Graff v. Commissioner, 74 T.C. 743, 761 (1980), aff’d.
673 F.2d 784 (5th Cir. 1982). However, estoppel is rarely applied
against the IRS because it applies only if the taxpayer can establish
all of the following elements: (1) There must be a
false representation or wrongful misleading silence by
the IRS (“wrongful” meaning that the IRS has a legal duty
to respond, which as explained above is rarely true); (2) the error
must be in a statement of fact and not in an opinion or a statement
of law; (3) the person claiming the benefits of estoppel must be
ignorant of the true facts; and (4) he must be adversely affected by
the acts or statements of the person against whom an estoppel is
claimed. Estate of Emerson v. Commissioner, 67 T.C. 612,
617-618 (1977); see also Lignos v. United States, 439 F.2d
1365, 1368 (2d Cir. 1971). It has therefore been held that there is
no estoppel against the IRS unless the taxpayer has changed his
position to his detriment, and there is no estoppel if the taxpayer
simply owes the same tax that would have been owed even without the
statement or silence by the IRS. See Reuben v. Commissioner,
T.C. Memo. 2001-193.
The doctrine of equitable estoppel only applies to prevent what
would otherwise be unjust harm to an innocent person, but tax
protesters want to use the doctrine to enrich themselves and evade
the taxes they would otherwise owe. No court has ever allowed such
nonsense, and it’s safe to say that no court ever will.
The claim that “a person is not required to file a tax
return or pay a tax unless the Internal Revenue Service responds to
the person’s questions, correspondence, or a request to
identify a provision in the Code requiring the filing of a return or
the payment of tax” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
I have a letter from the IRS saying that I am not
required to file an income tax return.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I can comply with the law, and avoid any
tax liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
This was Irwin Schiff’s last scam and, like the “tax
statement,” it required a complete ignorance of tax law to
believe that it could possibly be valid.
The “zero return” is a return that reports no income
and no tax. Schiff claimed that this return complies with filing
requirements, but results in no tax liability.
The U.S. District Court for Nevada has preliminarily enjoined
Schiff from preparing returns and promoting his tax schemes. United
States v. Schiff, KTC 2003-238, No. CV-S-03-0281-LDG (RDF)
(U.S.D.C. Nev. 6/16/2003), aff’d 379 F.3d 621, KTC 2004-224,
No. 03-16319 (9th Cir. 8/9/2004), cert. den. No. 04-1383 (10/3/2005).
In concluding that Schiff’s claims were not only false, but
knowingly false, the District Court reviewed Schiff’s criminal
convictions for tax crimes and his civil losses against the tax
system, and then concluded:
“All of Schiff’s schemes suffer from the
same conceptual infirmities, rejected time and time again by the
courts: that income taxes are voluntary; that there is no legal
obligation to pay income taxes; and that imposition of any income tax
by Congress violates the taxing clauses of the Constitution. Only the
approaches to avoiding the payment of income tax are different.
Schiff cannot avoid the ‘know or had reason to know’
standard by holding up a differently wrapped package. Schiff knows
what’s in the box, and therefore knows better.”
Preliminary Injunction, page 10. (The injunction is now somewhat
academic, because Schiff was later convicted on related criminal
charges, and is now in federal prison. United States v. Schiff,
No. 2:2004cr00119 (U.S.D.C. D. Nev. 2/24/2006), on appeal, No.
06-10199 (9th Cir.).)
In upholding the preliminary injunction, the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals found that there was a “substantial likelihood”
that the government would prevail, and that the injunction against
the sale of Schiff’s book, The Federal Mafia, did not
violate Schiff’s first amendment rights because the claims made
by the book were fraudulent:
“For example, on the inside cover of The
Federal Mafia, he [Schiff] informs readers that ‘no law
requires you to file income tax returns or pay this tax.’ On
the same page he further claims that ‘there are no criminal
statutes that apply to income taxes . . . [a]nd there is no law
giving federal courts authorization . . . to prosecute anyone for
income tax “crimes”.’ Although these claims are
far-fetched, they could mislead a customer into believing that he or
she could use Schiff’s products to legally stop paying income
taxes.”
U.S. v. Schiff, 379 F.3d 621, No. 03-16319, page 16 (9th
Cir. 8/9/2004).
A student of Schiff’s has also been preliminarily enjoined
from preparing tax returns, the court stating:
“Hubacek’s scheme to help his customers
evade taxes uses the same frivolous theory that Irwin Schiff, a Las
Vegas-based tax-scam promoter, created -- the ‘corporate
profit’ theory. Schiff s theory rests on the premise that no
section of the Internal Revenue Code establishes an income-tax
liability on wages. ... This Court has held that the ‘corporate
profit’ theory and its resulting zero-income returns are
fraudulent and frivolous.” U.S. v. Hubacek, 2004 TNT
1-19, No. CV-S-03-1523(U.S.D.C Nev. 12/23/2003).
There have also been a stream of cases coming out of Nevada (where
Schiff has lived and promoted his frauds) involving returns with zero
income reported. Needless to say, the taxpayers have been losing all
of these cases.
For cases in which the taxpayer filed a “zero return,”
the IRS assessed a frivolous return penalty of $500, and the court
affirmed the penalty and allowed the IRS to proceed to collect the
penalty by levy, see:
Bunch v. United States, 2002 TNT 90-11, Case No.
CV-S-01-0371-KJD (PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 4/9/2002);
Foster v. United States, 2002 TNT 139-14, Case No.
CV-S-01-1003-RLH (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 5/10/2002);
Baker v. United States, 2002 TNT 138-17, Case No.
CV-S-01-1187-RLH (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 5/10/2002);
Light v. United States, 2002 TNT 128-14, Case No.
CV-S-01-0923-LRH (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 5/15/2002);
Montijo v. United States, 2002 TNT 126-12, Case No.
CV-S-01-1227-LRH (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 5/15/2002);
Needham v. United States, 2002 TNT 142-14, Case No.
CV-S-01-0752-LRH (PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 6/14/2002);
Moses v. United States, 2002 TNT 159-10, No.
CV-S-01-1325-LRH (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 6/28/2002);
Martinec v. United States, 2002 TNT 157-7, No.
CV-S-01-1207-RLH (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 7/10/2002);
Haas v. United States,, 2002 TNT 166-10, No.
CV-S-01-0905-KJD (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 7/25/2002), (court would have
also imposed sanctions for bringing a frivolous court action if the
U.S. had requested sanctions);
Smith v. United States, 2002 TNT 223-17, No.
CV-S-01-1184-KJD-LRL (U.S.D.C. Nev. 7/31/2002);
Blanchard v. United States, 2002 TNT 239-9, No.
CV-S-01-1083-KJD(RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 8/1/2002);
Waller v. United States, 2002 TNT 209-12, No.
CV-S-01-1190-KJD-(PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 8/6/2002);
Brown v. United States, 2003 TNT 73-9, No.
CV-S-02-0175-RLH (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 8/16/2002);
Davidson v. Commissioner, 2002 TNT 244-13, No.
CV-S-02-0108-RLH (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 9/11/2002), (“There is
no doubt as to the validity of the penalty. Plaintiff submitted Form
1040 for 1998 and apparently submitted Forms 1040X for 1989 and 1990
with zeros in the income section and Forms W-2 showing income
considerably more than zero. Motion (#4), Exhibit A. He also
attached an explanation of how no provisions of the Internal Revenue
code make him liable for the income tax, how his wages are not
income, and other matters. Wages are income, 26 U.S.C. § 61,
upon which Plaintiff owes a tax, 26 U.S.C. § 1, and courts --
including this one -- have found arguments to the contrary to be
tired and frivolous long before Plaintiff filed the tax returns at
issue. [Citations omitted.] On its face, Plaintiff’s tax
returns were substantially incorrect and frivolous, thus making
Plaintiff liable for the frivolous return penalty. 26 U.S.C. §
6702. The assessments of the frivolous return penalties are
valid.”);
Lemieux v. United States, 2002 TNT 212-12, No.
CV-S-02-0274-RLH (PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 9/12/2002);
Reynoso v. United States, 2002 TNT 235-7, No.
CV-S-01-1219-JCM-(PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 9/30/2002);
Johnson v. United States, 2002 TNT 239-10, No.
CV-S-02-0009-RLH (PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 9/16/2002);
Gifford v. United States, 2002 TNT 246-49, No.
CV-S-02-0467-RLH(LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 10/23/2002);
Stanley v. United States, 2002 TNT 246-50, No.
CV-S-02-0220-RLH(PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 10/24/2002);
Carrillo v. United States, 2003 TNT 102-14, No.
CV-S-02-0353-KJD-(LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 3/13/2003), aff’d 2003
TNT 117-15, No. 03-15643 (9th Cir. 8/21/2003), (unpublished);
Martin G. Nitschke v. United States, 2003-1 U.S. Tax Cas.
(CCH) ¶50,432, No.
CV-S-01-1035-LDG (PAL) (U.S.D.C. D. Nev. 4/1/2003), aff’d 92
F.App’x 529, 2004 TNT 72-4, No. 03-16043 (9th Cir. 3/24/2004);
Pesci v. United States, 2003 TNT 118-12, No. CV-S-02-1307-KJD
(LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 5/5/2003), (court would have imposed Rule 11
sanctions for filing a frivolous complaint if the United States had
requested sanctions);
Ray v. United States, 2003 TNT 189-17, No.
CV-S-03-0284-KJD (LRL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 7/30/2003), (court would have
imposed Rule 11 sanctions for filing a frivolous complaint if the
United States had requested sanctions);
Cheslin v. Internal Revenue Service, 2004
TNT 51-22, No. 03-16329 (9th Cir. 1/29/2004), (sanctions of
$6,000 for filing a frivolous appeal; not published), affirming No.
CV-01-01233-KJD/RJJ (D.C. Nev. 6/30/2003), (court would have
“freely granted” Rule 11 sanctions if requested).
In each of the above cases, the court reviewed the return in
question and granted summary judgment to the United States, finding
that the return was “frivolous” as a matter of law.
See also, Sisemore v. United States, 797 F.2d 268,
270 (6th Cir. 1986); Newman v. Commissioner, 83 T.C.M. (CCH)
1757 (2002); Samlaska v. United States, No. CV-S-01-1237-KJD
(PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 7/31/2002); Carini v. United States, No.
CV-S-02-0169-KJD (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 12/2/2002); Wahl v. United
States>, No. CV-S-02-0239-KJD (RJJ) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 1/31/2003);
Ordunez v. United States, No. CV-S-02-0033-KJD (LRL) (U.S.D.C.
Nev. 2/3/2003); Caldwell v. United States, CV-S-02-0045-KJD
(PAL) (U.S.D.C. Nev. 2/5/2003); Gaasbeck v. United States,
2004 TNT 69-10, No. CV-S-03-0089-KJD (LRL) (D.C. Nev. 1/29/2004),
(court would have “freely granted” Rule 11 sanctions if
requested).
For cases in which a Nevada taxpayer filed a “zero return,”
the IRS assessed a deficiency based on income information from Forms
W-2, 1099, and other third-party reports, and the Tax Court allowed
the IRS to proceed with collection by levy, see:
Wagner
v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-180, 2002 TNT 148-17,
(7/31/2002), ($4,000 penalty imposed for bringing frivolous court
action);
Stower v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-167, 2002 TNT
131-8 (7/8/2002);
Land v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-263 (10/10/2002),
($5,000 penalty imposed for bringing frivolous court action);
Davich v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-255 (10/7/2002),
($5,000 penalty imposed for bringing frivolous court action);
Schmith v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-252 (10/2/2002),
($1,000 penalty imposed for bringing frivolous court action);
Wilson v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-242 (9/25/2002);
Villwock v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-235 (9/19/2002),
($1,000 penalty imposed for bringing frivolous court action);
Schaper v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-203 (8/13/2002);
Davidson v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-194 (8/7/2002),
($4,000 penalty imposed for frivolous court action);
Hall v. Commissioner,T.C. Memo. 2002-267 (10/21/2002);
Keene v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-277 (11/1/2002),
($5,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Kiley v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2002-315, 2002 TNT
250-115 (12/27/2002), ($5,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Koenig v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-40, 2003 TNT
37-12 (2/24/2003), ($2,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Copeland v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-46, 2003 TNT
38-9 (2/25/2003), ($1,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Smith v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-45, 2003 TNT 38-10
(2/25/2003), ($500 penalty for frivolous court action);
Flathers v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-60, 2003 TNT
43-10 (3/4/2003), ($1,500 penalty for frivolous court action);
Fink v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-61, 2003 TNT 43-11
(3/4/2003), ($2,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Swann v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-70, 2003 TNT 50-11
(3/13/2003), ($2,500 penalty for frivolous court action);
Stoewer v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-71, 2003 TNT
50-12 (3/13/2003), ($2,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Lyman v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-72, 2003 TNT 50-13
(3/132003), ($3,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Cortes v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-80, 2003 TNT
54-14 (3/19/2003), ($1,000 penalty for frivolous court action);
Williams v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-83, 2003 TNT
57-11 (3/24/2003), ($1,600 penalty for frivolous court action
imposed sua sponte);
Frank v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-88, 2003 TNT 59-14
(3/26/2003), ($3,500 penalty for frivolous court action).
Duncan v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-89, 2003 TNT
59-15 (3/26/2003), ($2,500 penalty for frivolous court action);
Holguin v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2003-125, ($1,600
penalty for frivolous court action), aff’d 2004 US App. Lexis
17848 (9th Cir.);
Jones v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2003-131, (no penalty
imposed);
Kemper v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2003-195, ($8,500
penalty for frivolous court action);
Brashear v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-196, 2003 TNT
132-21 (7/9/2003), ($1,600 penalty for frivolous court action);
Horton v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2003-197, ($4,400
penalty for frivolous court action);
Meyer v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2005-81, 2005 TNT
69-10 ($15,000 penalty for frivolous court action for tax year
1997), and T.C. Memo 2005-82, 2005 TNT 69-11 (another $15,000
penalty for frivolous court action, this one for tax year 1996).
Wagner, Davidson, Land, Davich, Schmith, Villwock, Kiley,
Koening, Smith, Copeland, Flathers, and Fink all attached
statements to their income tax returns explaining why they were not
subject to tax, and the wording of the statements were essentially
identical. The courts in Swann, Stoewer, Lyman, Cortes, Williams,
Frank, Duncan, and Brashear noted that the attachments to
the income tax returns of those taxpayers, as well as letters and
other documents sent to the IRS, were similar to the attachments,
letters, and other documents used by the taxpayers in Copeland and
Smith. (The attachment quoted in the Keene case is
somewhat different from the others, and the court opinions in the
other cases do not quote from the attachments.) The similar wording
suggests that they all got their instructions from the same source
(i.e., Irwin Schiff).
The Ninth Circuit has affirmed, and the Supreme Court has denied
certiorari, in a “zero return” case arising in
California. The two-page attachment the returns in in question
included the following statement:
“It should also be noted that I had ‘zero’
income according to the Supreme Court’s definition of income
(See note#1), since in Merchant’s Loan & Trust Co.v.
Smietanka, 225 U.S. 509, (at pages 518&519) that Court held that
‘The word (income) must be given the same meaning in all of the
income tax acts of Congress that was given to it in the Corporation
Excise Tax Act (1909).’ Therefore, since I had no earnings in
any year that would have been taxable under the Corporation Excise
Tax Act of 1909 as ‘income,’ I can only swear to having
“zero” income in 1995.* * *”
Schroeder v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 2002-211,
(deficiencies affirmed for 1995 and 1996, as well as a penalty for
substantial understatement for 1996), aff’d 2003 TNT 107-4, No.
02-73929 (9th Cir. 5/20/2003), (unpublished), cert. den. ___ U.S.
___, No. 03-1096 (3/1/2004).
This statement appears to be identical to the statements filed by
other purchasers of the “zero return” sold by Irwin
Schiff.
For other cases in which taxpayers filing “zero returns”
have failed in their challenges to frivolous return penalties, see:
Loze v. United States, No. CIV A 02- 1721, 2003 WL 1547283
(E.D. La. Feb. 13, 2003), (granting U.S. motion for summary
judgment); Gregory v. United States, No. CIV A1:02-CV-889-CC,
2003 WL 701218 (N.D. Ga. Jan. 15, 2003), (granting U.S. motion to
dismiss or for summary judgment); Tornichio v. United States,
263 F. Supp. 2d 1090, 1097 (N.D. Ohio 2002), (granting U.S. motion to
dismiss and noting that “[c]ourts have also consistently found
identical arguments to the ones here to be frivolous”)
(citations omitted); Carroll v. United States, 217 F. Supp. 2d
852, 858 (W.D. Tenn. 2002), (granting U.S. motion for summary
judgment and awarding defendant fees and costs, due to “the
frivolous nature of plaintiff’s arguments”); Kelly v.
United States, 209 F. Supp. 2d 981 (E.D. Mo. 2002), (granting
U.S. motion for summary judgment); Rennie v. IRS, 216 F. Supp.
2d 1078 (E.D. Cal. 2002), (granting U.S. motion to dismiss or for
summary judgment); Cole v. United States, No. 1:02-CV-137,
2002 WL 31495841 (W.D. Mich. Oct. 21, 2002), (granting U.S. motion
for summary judgment); Bentley v. IRS, No. 4:02 CV 1391, 2002
WL 31274045 (N.D. Ohio Sept. 10, 2002), (dismissing plaintiff’s
claim sua sponte); Goodell v. United States, No. 03-118-M,
Opinion No. 2003 DNH 174 (U.S.D.C. N.H. 10/14/2003); Schultz v.
United States, 2005 TNT 85-8, No. 4:04-cv-92 (U.S.D.C. W.D.Mich.
3/23/2005); Gillett v. United States, 233 F. Supp. 2d 874
(W.D. Mich. 2002) (“Numerous federal courts have upheld the
imposition of the $500 sanction by the IRS pursuant to 26 U.S.C.
section 6702(a), where, as here, a tax form is filed stating that an
individual had no income, but the attached W-2 forms show wages,
tips, or other compensation of greater than zero.”).
See also, Kelly v. United States, 789 F.2d 94, 97 (1st Cir.
1986); Davis v. United States Government, 742 F.2d 171, 173
(5th Cir. 1984); Yuen v. United States, 5 Supp.2d 1220, 1224
(D. Nev. 2003); Hill v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2003-144
(imposing $15,000 penalty under section 6673 for frivolous “zero
return” position); Rayner v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo.
2002-30 (imposing $5,000 penalty under section 6673 for frivolous
“zero return” position).
So, for all would-be suckers who thought about giving money to
Irwin Schiff, this
is a sample of the nonsense you would have paid for:
I [...] am submitting this as part of my [...]
income tax return even though I know that no section of the Internal
Revenue Code: 1) Establishes an income tax “liability”
[...];[Which is wrong.] 2) Provides
that income taxes “have to be paid on the basis of a return”
[...];[Which is wrong.] 3) In addition
to the above, I am filing even though the “privacy Act Notice”
as contained in a 1040 booklet clearly informs me that I am not
required to file. It does so in at least two places. a) In one
place, it states that I need only file a return for “any tax”
I may be “liable” for. Since no Code Section makes be
“liable” for income taxes, this provision notifies me
that I do not have to file an income tax return.[Which is wrong.]
[...] 7) Please note, that my [...] return also
constitutes a claim for refund pursuant to Code Section 6402. 8)
It should also be noted that I had “zero” income
according to the Supreme Court’s definition of income
[...}.[Which is wrong.] 9 I am
also putting the IRS on notice that my 1997 tax return and claim for
refund does not constitute a “frivolous” return pursuant
to Code Section 6702.[Which is wrong, as shown above.] [...]
11) In addition, don’t notify me, that the IRS is
“changing” my return, since there is no statute that
allows the IRS to do that. You might prepare a return (pursuant to
Code Section 6020(a), where no return is filed, but where, as in this
case, a return has been filed, no statute authorizes IRS personnel to
“change” that return.[Which is also wrong.] [...]
*NOTE #1: The word “income” is not defined in the
Internal Revenue Code [...] but, as stated above, it can only be a
derivative of corporate activity.[Which is wrong.]
All Schiff is selling is “a vehicle to protest the tax laws
of this country and to espouse his own misguided views, which we
regard as frivolous and groundless.” Wagner, supra;
Davidson, supra; Land, supra; Davich, supra;
Schmith, supra; and Villwock, supra.
Needless to say, the IRS considers the “zero return”
to be frivolous and has ruled that zero returns can result in civil
and criminal penalties. Rev.
Rul. 2004-34, 2004-12 I.R.B. 619. The claim that “A
taxpayer has an option under the law to ... elect to file a tax
return reporting zero taxable income and zero tax liability even if
the taxpayer received taxable income during the taxable period for
which the return is filed, or similar arguments described as
frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2004-34, 2004-12 I.R.B. 619,” has therefore been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
Taking quotations out of context.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
There are many lawyers and well-educated
people who believe that tax protester positions are valid and have
been successful in arguing tax protester cases. People like Lowell
H. Becraft, Irwin Schiff, etc.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I can comply with the law, and avoid any
tax liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a
tax return.
There are a number of web sites that claim that, by filing a 52
page “statement” instead of a tax “return,”
you won’t be liable for any tax and can’t be prosecuted
for any crime.
It’s all nonsense.
The legal basis for the so-called “tax statement”
supposedly lies in I.R.C. section 6011, which provides general
guidelines for a “return or statement.” What the
promoters of this particular scam seem to be able to overlook is the
specific requirement, found in both the statute and the regulations,
that a return or statement be made “according to the forms and
regulations prescribed by the Secretary” (I.R.C. section
6011(a)) and “The return or statement shall include therein the
information required by the applicable regulations or forms”
(Treas. Reg. section 1.6011-1(a)).
Furthermore, section 6012 specifically requires an income tax
“return” (not “statement”) by those persons
having more than the required amount of income, and the regulations
under section 6012 require the use of Form 1040 as the form of
return.
The U.S. Supreme Court has held that certain documents drafted by
taxpayers that do not comply with the forms prescribed by the
Secretary will nevertheless be treated as valid returns for purposes
of the statute of limitations if they contain certain elements. See
Badaracco v. Commissioner, 464 U.S. 386 (1984); Commissioner
v. Lane-Wells Co., 321 U.S. 219 (1944); Zellerbach Pager Co.
v. Helvering, 293 U.S. 172 (1934); Lucas v. Pilliod Lumber
Co., 281 U.S. 245 (1930); Florsheim Bros. Drygoods Co. v.
United States, 280 U.S. 453 (1930). The Tax Court has summarized
the requirements of the Supreme Court as follows:
“First, there must be sufficient data to
calculate [the] tax liability; second, the document must purport to
be a return; third, there must be an honest and reasonable attempt to
satisfy the requirements of the tax law; and fourth, the taxpayer
must execute the return under penalties of perjury.”
Beard v. Commissioner, 82 T.C. 766, 777 (1984), aff’d
793 F.2d 139 (6th Cir. 1986).
If those requirements are not met, then no return has been filed,
and the taxpayer can be subjected to civil and criminal penalties for
failure to file. For example, in Williams v. Commissioner, 114
T.C. 136 (2000), the taxpayer filed a Form 1040 which correctly
reported his income, and which he signed, but put an asterisk by the
amount of tax due and wrote at the bottom of the page “The
admitted liability is zero. See attached Disclaimer Statement.”
The attached “disclaimer statement” read in part:
“The above named taxpayer respectfully declines
to volunteer concerning assessment and payment of any tax balance due
on the return or any redetermination of said tax. Be it known that
the above said taxpayer, therefore, denies tax liability and does not
admit that the stated amount of tax on return is due and collectible.
...”
The Tax Court held that the form was not a “return”
because the disclaimer “negated the meaning of the jurat.”
(The “jurat” is the statement that the return is true and
correct and signed under penalties of perjury). The court therefore
held that the taxpayer was subject to additions to tax for failure to
file a return, and also assessed sanctions of $5,000 for frivolous
court proceedings.
The promoters of “tax statements” seem to believe that
their filings will avoid both income taxes and the civil and criminal
penalties for failure to file, but the statute, regulations, and
court decisions don’t admit of such a possibility. If it is a
“return,” then it must contain enough information to
calculate a tax liability, and it must be an honest and reasonable
attempt to comply with the law. If it is not a “return,”
then it is nothing but a waste of time.
The claim that “A taxpayer has an option under the law to
file a document or set of documents in lieu of a return ..., or
similar arguments described as frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2004-34, 2004-12 I.R.B. 619,” has therefore been
identified by the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can
result in a penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or
included in certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
I can comply with the law, and avoid
any tax liability, by filing a “zero return” along with
a statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien
on property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
As noted above, constitutional
due process requires only that a person receive notice and an
opportunity to be heard before an impartial trier of fact, and a
notice of deficiency and an opportunity to petition the Tax Court
satisfies the constitutional due process that is required before a
tax deficiency may be assessed. So, once a tax is assessed, the
government can proceed to collect it without further judicial
proceedings, just as a judgment creditor can proceed to collect a
default judgment through Sheriff’s sales and other legal
processes.
This has been confirmed by the Supreme Court:
“The assessment [of tax] is given the force of a
judgment, and if the amount assessed is not paid when due,
administrative officials may seize the debtor’s property to
satisfy the debt.”
Bull v. United States, 295 U.S. 247, 260 (1935).
“Administrative levy [described in 26 U.S.C.
section 6331(a)], unlike an ordinary lawsuit, and unlike the
procedure described in 7403, does not require any judicial
intervention, and it is up to the taxpayer, if he so chooses, to go
to court if he claims that the assessed amount was not legally
owing.”
United States v. Rodgers, 461 U.S. 677, 682-683 (1983).
See also, United States v. Baggot, 463 U.S. 476, 481 (1983)
(“The IRS’s decision [to assess and collect an income tax
deficiency] is largely self-executing, in the sense that it has
independent legal force of its own, without requiring prior
validation or enforcement by a court. The IRS need never go into
court to assess and collect the amount owed; it is empowered to
collect the tax by nonjudicial means (such as levy on property or
salary, 26 U.S.C. 6331, 6332), without having to prove to a court the
validity of the underlying tax liability.”)
This has been confirmed by the lower courts as well:
“[T]he Internal Revenue Code grants the IRS the
power to levy without court authorization. 26 U.S.C. section
6331(a).”
Barnard v. Pavlish, 81 AFTR2d ¶98-635, 98 TNT 80-64,
1998 WL 247768 at *2, No. 97-CV-0236 (U.S.D.C. M.D. Pa. 3/30/1998),
aff’d, 187 F.3d 625 (3d Cir. 1999).
“This court has held that the IRS is authorized
to collect taxes by either levy OR court proceeding.”
Maisano v. Welcher, 940 F.2d 499, 501 (9th Cir. 1991),
cert. denied, 504 U.S. 916 (1992).
“Neither court proceedings nor legal review is
required before levy.”
Ramos v. First Hawaiian Bank, 80 AFTR2d ¶97-5392, 97
TNT 189-17, 1997 WL 720826 at *2, No. 97-704 (U.S.D.C. D. Haw.
9/15/1997).
The plaintiffs’ premise for their complaint is
that the IRS agents were required to have a court order in order to
be able to legally seize property for delinquent taxes.
Unfortunately, this is a faulty premise. Title 26 U.S.C. §6331
authorizes the IRS to seize property of any person liable for any tax
upon ten days notice. The plaintiffs are incorrect in stating that
§§6331 and 6321 only apply to the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco and Firearms. The statute specifically states that any person
may have their property levied upon. 26 U.S.C. §§6331(a)
and 6321. The plaintiffs also cite 26 U.S.C. §7402 which grants
jurisdiction to the district courts to issue orders, processes and
judgments as well as enforce IRS summons. This section does not
require a court order in order to levy on property under §6331.
Brian v. Gugin, 853 F.Supp. 358, 94-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH)
¶50,278, 73 AFTR2d 94-637, 94 TNT 45-22 (D. Idaho 1994), aff’d,
95-1 U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶50,067, 75 AFTR2d ¶95-460, 95 TNT
27-27 (9th Cir. 1995) (action against IRS agents for seizing car in
driveway dismissed). In a later action by the same plaintiffs against
the same defendants, the court dismissed the action and awarded
sanctions of $750 against the plaintiffs for filing a frivolous
complaint, but denied imposing legal fees. Ralph Brian, et ux. et
al. v. Phylis J. Gugin, et al., 77 AFTR2d ¶96-505, 96 TNT
41-30, No. CV 94-0133 (D. Idaho 2/6/1996).
See also, Vote v. United States, 753 F. Supp. 866, 870 (D.
Nev. 1990) (noting that section 1331 did not require judicial
approval for a levy), aff’d 930 F.2d 31 (9th Cir. 1991), Towe
Antique Ford Found. v. IRS, 999 F.2d 1387, 1394 (9th Cir. 1993)
(no judicial hearing is required before taking property subject to
levy).
Similarly, the IRS has the power to file notices of lien without a
court order.
“Contrary to Mr. Kyler’s assertion, no
federal authority stands for the proposition that for a federal tax
lien to be valid, there must be a federal court order signed by a
federal judge. Rather, 26 U.S.C. §§ 6321 and 6322 establish
that a lien automatically arises upon assessment of a tax and
continues until the taxpayer’s liability is satisfied or
becomes unenforceable.”
Kyler v. Everson, 2006 TNT 65-12, No. 05-5185 (10th
Cir. 4/3/2006).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters have claimed that the literal language of 26 U.S.C.
§ 6332(c) requires a court order because that section states
that “Any bank … shall surrender (subject to an
attachment or execution under judicial process) any deposits
(including interest thereon) in such bank only after 21 days after
service of levy.” The claim is that the phrase “(subject
to an attachment or execution under judicial process)” means
that a bank can honor a levy only if the funds are already subject to
a judicial attachment or execution. But such an interpretation would
render the levy process redundant and superfluous because, if a levy
can apply only to property already attached, what function
would the levy serve? Section 6332(c) must be read as similar to
section 6332(a), which exempts from levy “such part of the
property or rights as is, at the time of such demand [to surrender],
subject to an attachment or execution under any judicial process.”
The courts have uniformly understood this exception to apply to
property that has been attached by another creditor. If a
creditor other than the IRS is able to attach property before the IRS
has served its notice of levy, then the attachment of the other
creditor may be senior to the levy by the IRS and the person
receiving the notice of levy is not required to surrender the
property to the IRS. See, for example, In re Larsen, 232 B.R.
482, 484 (Bkrtcy. D. Wyo. 1998) (Section 6332(c) “protects
judgment creditors with priority over the IRS lien, but has no
significance with regard to the levy requirements of the service.”);
Brown v. United States, No. 92-C-788, 1993 WL 643364, at *5
(D. Utah Nov. 5, 1993) (“Plaintiff has read § 6332(c) out
of context and incorrectly interpreted it to require banks to wait
for attachment and execution under judicial process prior to
surrendering property in bank accounts.”); Claudia Lanier v.
Wachovia Bank, No. 2:09-cv-4566-WY (U.S.D.C. E.D. Pa. 3/24/2010)
(“The purpose of § 6322(c) is not to require the IRS to
obtain a court order before a bank can comply with a levy. Rather,
the purpose is to protect ‘judgment creditors with priority
over the IRS lien.’”).
There are some older court decisions, decided under the Internal
Revenue Code of 1939 (which was repealed when the Internal Revenue
Code of 1954 was enacted), which refer to a “warrant of
distraint.” See, for example, United States v. O’Dell,
160 F.2d 304, 307 (6th Cir. 1947), which
is discussed in more detail below. Because “search
warrants” must be issued by a court, tax protesters leap to the
conclusion that a “warrant of distraint” must also be
issued by a court but a “warrant” is simply a document
granting authority to do something and not all kinds of warrants
require court approval. In the case of “warrants for
distraint,” section 3692 of the 1939 Code stated that “the
collector may levy, or by warrant may authorize a deputy collector to
levy, upon all property and rights to property....”). A
“collector” is an employee of the IRS, and so collectors
had the power to levy on property, or had the power to issue
“warrants” to deputy collectors to levy on property. No
court approval is needed for a collector to levy or issue a warrant
for a levy.
Tax protesters have argued that notices of levies and liens
without a court order can be ignored without any consequences, citing
Schulz v. IRS, 413 F.3d 297, 301-02 (2d Cir. 2005). But the
dispute in Schulz was over an administrative summons
requesting information from a taxpayer, and not a levy or lien on
property.
Related topics:
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
A notice of lien is invalid unless the
form and content of the notice complies with the state law for
recording liens.
Another example of wishful thinking, and wrong on several levels.
As a matter of constitutional law, the validity and effect of
federal liens are determined by federal law, and not state law. In
United States v. Snyder, 149
U.S. 210, 214-215 (1893), the Supreme Court rejected the idea
that the collection of federal taxes “can be thwarted by the
plea of a state statute prescribing that such a tax must be assessed
and recorded under state regulation” and held that “the
tax system of the United States is regulated by the federal statutes
and practice, and are not controlled by state enactments.”
Currently, I.R.C. section 6323(f)(3) provides that:
“The form and content of the notice [of federal
tax lien] referred to in subsection (a) shall be prescribed by the
Secretary. Such notice shall be valid notwithstanding any other
provision of law regarding the form or content of a notice of lien.”
I.R.C. section 6323(f)(1)(A) allows each state to designate the
place (i.e., the office) where notices of liens may be filed,
and in the absence of any designation by the state, the notice of
lien may be filed with the Clerk of the District Court for the state
(or judicial district within the state) where the property is
located.
In United States v. Union Central Life Ins. Co., 368
U.S. 291 (1961), a notice of federal tax lien had been filed with
the Clerk of a District Court in Michigan, even though Michigan law
required that notices of federal tax liens be filed with the county
register of deeds, because the registers of deeds would not accept a
federal notice that did not include a description of the property
subject to the lien, as required by Michigan law. In a dispute
between the United States and the holder of a mortgage filed after
the notice of lien had been filed, the Supreme Court held that,
because the recorder of deeds would not accept the notice of lien in
the form allowed by federal law, Michigan had not validly designated
a place for the filing of the notices of liens and the recording in
the office Clerk of the District Court was proper.
Based on Supremecy Clause of the Constitution, and the statutes
and Supreme Court decisions described above, arguments that a notice
of federal tax lien did not comply with state law will always fail.
“[T]he Tempelmans contend that the notices of
federal tax liens were never ‘certified’ by a Treasury
official, as allegedly required by state law, and so were never
properly filed. Various other courts have considered similar
arguments and have been unpersuaded. [Citation omitted] Whatever the
construction of the state law in question, ... the form of a
federal-tax-lien notice is a matter of federal law to be ‘prescribed
by the Secretary [of the Treasury].’ 26 U.S.C. section
6323(f)(3).”
United States v. Tempelman, 87 A.F.T.R.2d 2001-2619, KTC
2001-299 (1st Cir. 2001).
See also, United States v. Letscher, 83 F. Supp. 2d 367,
377-78, 84 AFTR2d Par. 99-5461, 1999 TNT 212-5 (S.D. N.Y. 1999);
Bertelt v. United States (In re Bertelt), 206 B.R. 579 (Bankr.
M.D. Fla. 1996).
Lawsuits against local officials for accepting notices of federal
tax liens have also failed. See, e.g., Sollenberger v. Lee,
KTC 2007-394, No. 82 C.D. 2007 (Comwlth. Pa. 6/8/2007).
Related topics:
The collection of income taxes
by levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently
issuing notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
This belief is based mostly on ignorance, but is also illustrative
of the tendency of tax protesters to believe in the magic of words
and labels.
What tax protesters fail to recognize is that there is a
difference between a legal interest or relationship and the document
that creates the interest or relationship. So, for an example, there
is a difference between a promissory note and a debt, because the
promissory note is a document and the debt is the legal relationship
created (or evidenced) by the promissory note. Similarly, a deed can
be used to transfer the ownership of property, but deeds (i.e.,
documents) and ownership (a legal interest) are two different things.
A “levy” is an act, not a document. As a verb, “levy”
means to seize or collect. As a noun, a “levy” is the act
of levying. You can’t “serve a levy” any more than
you can “serve a debt” or “serve ownership.”
The regulations are clear that a “notice of levy” is
the document by which the IRS seizes property of the taxpayer that is
in the possession of a third party:
“Levy may be made by serving a notice of levy on
any person in possession of, or obligated with respect to, property
or rights to property subject to levy, including receivables, bank
accounts, evidences of debt, securities, and salaries, wages,
commissions, or other compensation.”
Treas. Reg. section 301.6331-1(a)(1).
And the Supreme Court has confirmed that a levy can be made by
serving a notice of levy:
“Historically, service of notice has been
sufficient to seize a debt, [citation omitted], and notice of levy
and demand are equivalent to seizure.”
Phelps v. United States, 421
U.S. 330, 337 (1975).
“In the situation where a taxpayer’s
property is held by another, a notice of levy upon the custodian is
customarily served pursuant to section 6332(a). This notice gives the
IRS the right to all property levied upon, [citation omitted] and
creates a custodial relationship between the person holding the
property and the IRS so that the property comes into the constructive
possession of the Government.”)
National Bank of Commerce, 472
U.S. 713, 720 (1985).
“Appellant contends that the IRS, by using a
‘Notice of Levy’ form rather than a ‘Levy’
form, did not properly make a levy upon his property... This argument
is absolutely meritless. Appellant ignores 26 U.S.C. § 6331(b),
which states that ‘[t]he term “levy” ... includes
the power of distraint and seizure by any means’
(emphasis added). It is well established that a ‘[l]evy on
property in the hands of a third party is made by serving a notice of
levy on the third party.’ [Citations to regulations, court
decisions, and other authorities omitted.] Without exception the case
law supports the use of a notice of levy.”
Schiff v. Simon & Schuster, Inc., 780 F.2d 210, 212 (2d
Cir. 1985) (upholding levy on book royalties by serving notice of
levy on publisher).
See also, St. Louis Union Trust Co. v. United States, 617
F.2d 1293, 1302 (8th Cir. 1980) (“The usual and recognized
means of distraint and seizure of property is a notice of levy.”).
The same principles apply to liens and notices of lien. A “lien”
is a legal interest in property, not a document. Federal tax liens
are defined by statute, and they come into existence automatically,
as soon as a tax is assessed and demand is made for payment:
“If any person liable to pay any tax neglects or
refuses to pay the same after demand, the amount (including any
interest, additional amount, addition to tax, or assessable penalty,
together with any costs that may accrue in addition thereto) shall be
a lien in favor of the United States upon all property and rights to
property, whether real or personal, belonging to such person.”
I.R.C. section 6321.
The purpose of a “notice of lien” is not to create
a lien, because the lien exists under section 6321 as soon as the IRS
has made a demand for the tax due. The purpose of the notice is to
make the lien enforceable against purchasers and certain other third
parties who may also have interests in the property subject to the
lien. This is spelled out in section 6323:
“The lien imposed by section 6321 shall not be
valid as against any purchaser, holder of a security interest,
mechanic’s lienor, or judgment lien creditor until notice
thereof which meets the requirements of subsection (f) has been filed
by the Secretary.”
I.R.C. section 6323(a).
The Internal Revenue Code, regulations, and Supreme Court
decisions are therefore clear that a “notice of levy” is
sufficient to make a levy, and that a “notice of lien” is
sufficient to perfect a tax lien.
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters often like to cite the decision in Williamson v.
Boulder Dam Credit Union, No. 97A014 (Boulder Township Nev.
Justice Court 5/18/1997), which is an unpublished decision of a small
claims court, for the proposition that there is a difference between
a notice of levy and an actual levy. The judge in that case
apparently got confused by the difference between a “notice of
intent to levy” (which 26 U.S.C. section 6331(d) requires that
the IRS give to the taxpayer before making a levy) and a “notice
of levy” (which is how a levy is made in accordance with 26
U.S.C. section 6331(a)). And tax protesters never admit that the case
was reversed on appeal, No. 98-A-388959-A (8th Judicial
Dist. Nev. 9/8/1998).
Some tax protesters also think that there is support in a 1947
Circuit Court decision, in which the court said:
“Nothing alleged to have been done amounts to a
levy, which requires that the property be brought into a legal
custody through seizure, actually or constructive... Levy is not
effected by mere notice.”
United States v. O’Dell, 160 F.2d 304, 307 (6th
Cir. 1947).
“Constructive seizure” is exactly what a notice of
levy is intended to achieve, but the O’Dell court
apparently decided that the government hadn’t served enough
documents, stating:
“Section 3692 [of the Internal Revenue Code of
1939] does not prescribe any procedure for accomplishing a levy upon
a bank account. The method followed in the cases is that of issuing
warrants of distraint, making the bank a party, and serving with the
notice of levy copy of the warrants of distraint and notice of lien.
[citations omitted] No warrants of distraint were issued here.”
So the O’Dell court believed that a levy could be
made by serving a “notice of levy” along with a “warrant
of distraint” and “notice of lien,” and the problem
was that the IRS had omitted the “warrant of distraint.”
(The issuance of warrants by the officers of the IRS—and not
any court—was authorized by section 3692 of the 1939 Code,
which stated that “the collector may levy, or by warrant may
authorize a deputy collector to levy, upon all property and rights to
property....”) But the O’Dell case was decided
under the tax code enacted in 1939, and at least one other Circuit
Court disagreed that a “warrant of distraint” was needed.
United States v. Eiland, 224 F. 2d 118, 121 (4th
Cir. 1955). The issue became an historical footnote when Congress
enacted the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, because the word “warrant”
was not included in section 6331 (which is the successor to section
3692 of the 1939 Code, and authorizes the IRS to levy on property).
Under the 1954 code, courts have unanimously agreed that service of a
“notice of levy” is sufficient to make a levy and that
the holding of the O’Dell decision is no longer valid.
“In their complaint, the plaintiffs cite to the
Internal Revenue Code and the supporting regulations from 1844 (14
STAT.107), 1939 (26 U.S.C. section 3692) and 1954 (1954 U.S. Code
Cong. and Adm. News 4555, House Rep. No. 1337). Each of these laws
allows a ‘collector’ to levy on property to collect
taxes, but requires that the ‘collector’ authorize BY
WARRANT a deputy collector to levy. They also cite a number of cases
which held that a warrant of distraint is a procedural requirement.
All of the cases were decided by 1957.“The law has
changed. 26 U.S.C. section 3692 has been repealed and replaced by 26
U.S.C. section 6331, which authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to collect unpaid taxes by levy upon all property and right to
property belonging to the taxpayer. 26 U.S.C. section 6331(a). The
term levy includes ‘the power of distraint and seizure by any
means.’ 26 U.S.C. section 6331(b). Neither the statute nor the
implementing regulations at 26 C.F.R. section 301.6331 require that a
warrant of distraint be obtained, and there is no further distinction
between the collector (now district director) and a deputy collector
(now revenue officer).”
Leady v. United States, 74 AFTR2d ¶94-5225, 94 TNT
156-36, No. 92-0094-C (U.S.D.C. N.D. W.Va. 7/15/1994) (footnote
omitted).
See also, Rosenblum v. United States, 300 F.2d 843 (1st
Cir. 1962); United States v. Manufacturers National Bank, 198
F.Supp. 157 (N.D. N.Y. 1961); Boyajin v. United States, 825 F.
Supp. 714 (E.D. Pa. 1993).
Related topics:
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
A belief in the “magic” of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently
issuing notices of lien or notices of levy.
The word in that sentence that brings it close to truth is
“fraudulently,” because the government (not the agent
individually) can be sued for a wrongful levy. But to tax protesters,
all liens and levies are “fraudulent,” which makes this
statement pure fantasy.
The reality is that federal employees are generally immune from
personal liability for what they do in the collection of taxes.
I.R.C. section 7433(a) states:
“If, in connection with any collection of
Federal tax with respect to a taxpayer, any officer or employee of
the Internal Revenue Service recklessly or intentionally, or by
reason of negligence disregards any provision of this title, or any
regulation promulgated under this title, such taxpayer may bring a
civil action for damages against the United States in a district
court of the United States. Except as provided in section 7432, such
civil action shall be the exclusive remedy for recovering damages
resulting from such actions.”
I.R.C. section 7433(a), (emphasis added.)
Section 7432, which is referenced in section 7433(a), provides a
similar civil remedy if a federal employee knowingly or negligently
fails to release a lien.
Of course, taxpayers can still sue the government itself for
reckless, intentional, or negligent collection activities, but then
you have to prove that there was an actual violation of laws or
regulations, and tax protesters always fail in their proof because,
as illustrated repeatedly in this FAQ, tax protesters don’t
know what the law is and can’t tell the difference between
following the law and violating the law.
Tax protesters will often try to ignore section 7433 and file a
“Bivens” action for alleged violations of constitutional
rights. In Bivens v. Six Unknown Agents of Fed. Bureau of
Narcotics, 403 U.S. 388 (1971), the Supreme Court held that there
can be a civil action against a federal employee for damages caused
by a violation of constitutional rights if the plaintiff can show
that (1) a constitutional right was violated by the federal employee;
(2) the employee is sued in their individual capacity; and (3) no
alternative way exists to seek relief for the constitutional
violation. Federal courts have unanimously agreed that I.R.C. section
7433 is a form of alternative relief that completely bars any
“Bivens” action against a IRS employee.
“[A] Bivens action should not be inferred to
permit suits against IRS agents accused of violating a taxpayer’s
constitutional rights in the course of making a tax assessment.”
Shreiber v. Mastrogiovanni, 2214 F.3d 148, 152 (3d Cir.
2000).
“Bivens actions are inapplicable for claims
arising from federal tax assessment or collection.”
Adam v. Johnson, 355 F.3d 1179, 1184 (9th Cir. 2004).
See also, Seibert v. Baptist, 594 F.2d 423, 431-32 (5th
Cir. 1979), cert. den., 446 U.S. 918 (1980); Cameron v.
I.R.S., 773 F.2d 126 (7th Cir. 1985); Baddour, Inc. v. United
States, 802 F.2d 801, 807-809 (5th Cir. 1986); Wages v.
I.R.S., 915 F.2d 1230 (9th Cir. 1990), cert. den., 498
U.S. 1096 (1991); Fishburn v. Brown, 125 F.3d 979, 982-83 (6th
Cir.1997); Dahn v. United States, 127 F.3d 1249, 1254 (10th
Cir. 1997) (holding that “in light of the comprehensive
administrative scheme created by Congress to resolve tax-related
disputes, individual agents of the IRS are also not subject to Bivens
actions”).
Related topics:
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
You cannot be required to file an income tax return
because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th Amendment
guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against yourself.
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income tax
return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment rights
against unreasonable searches and seizures.
Any assessment or collection of any tax without
a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Banks and employers that honor levies
can be sued
Wrong again.
The Internal Revenue Code very clearly provides that banks,
employers, and other third parties that honor levies are immune from
suit by the taxpayer, and that the sole remedy of the taxpayer is to
sue the government for a refund of any tax erroneously collected by
levy.
“Any person in possession of (or obligated with
respect to) property or rights to property subject to levy upon which
a levy has been made who, upon demand by the Secretary, surrenders
such property or rights to property (or discharges such obligation)
to the Secretary (or who pays a liability under subsection (d)(1))
shall be discharged from any obligation or liability to the
delinquent taxpayer and any other person with respect to such
property or rights to property arising from such surrender or
payment.”
I.R.C. section 6332(e).
And the courts will enforce this provision whenever necessary to
protect a bank or employer. For example:
“As to [bank employee] Mr. Thomas, quite
rightly, he asserts in his motion to dismiss that he is immune from
any claim arising out of the surrender of funds from Plaintiffs bank
account pursuant to the Notice of Levy. United States statute is
clear that “[a]ny person in possession of property subject to
levy upon which levy has been made who, upon demand by the Secretary,
surrenders such property to the Secretary shall be discharged from
any obligation or liability to the delinquent taxpayer . . . .”
26 U.S.C. § 6332(e) (2004). “Person” as defined in
the statute includes “an officer or employee . . . who . . . is
under a duty to surrender the property . . . or discharge the
obligation.” Id. § 6332(f). Not only is Mr. Thomas
immune from any suit brought by a tax evader for honoring the levy,
if he had failed to surrender the funds to the IRS, he would have
become liable himself for the amount he failed to surrender. Id.
§ 6332(d)(1). The Tenth Circuit has recognized the complete
defense afforded by 26 U.S.C. § 6332(e) for “honoring . .
. federal tax levies.” U.S. v. Triangle Oil, 277 F.3d
1251, 1259 (10th Cir. 2002). In light of the statute and case law, it
is clear the Mr. Thomas cannot be held liable by Plaintiffs for
surrendering funds from Plaintiffs’ bank account pursuant to a
valid levy by the IRS. If the Plaintiffs contest the validity of the
levy, that matter should be taken up with the IRS by filing Form
8546, as referenced on the Notice of Levy.”
Jones v. Bass, 343 F.Supp.2d 1066, 2004 TNT 209-5, No.
04-CCV-53-D (D. Wyo. 2004), aff’d 2005 TNT 172-10, No.
04-8113 (10th Cir. 2005), cert. den. 2004 TNT
209-5, No. 05-868 (3/20/2006).
Related topics:
Withholding of income tax from wages
without consent and without any court order is a deprivation of
property without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
I can sue my employer for withholding taxes without my consent.
Wrong again. The employer is required by law to withhold income
taxes from the compensation paid to employees, and the employees have
no remedy against the employer.
This result is sometimes said to be required by the
anti-injunction act, which deprives courts of any jurisdiction to
prevent the collection of federal taxes. See, for example, Chandler
v. Perini Power Constructors, Inc., 520 F. Supp. 1152, 1156
(D.N.H. 1981).
Those courts which have decided that they have jurisdiction to
hear the employee’s complaint, have also ruled that the
employee has no right to sue the employer, and that the employer is
fully protected by federal law. Edgar v. Inland Steel Co., 744
F.2d 1276, 1278 (7th Cir. 1984) (describing employee’s suit
against employer to recover withheld wages as “yet another
disturbing example of a patently frivolous appeal filed by abusers of
the tax system merely to delay and harass the collection of public
revenues”); Lepucki v. Van Wormer, 587 F. Supp. 1390,
1393 (N.D. Ind. 1984); Lonsdale v. Smelser, 553 F. Supp. 259,
260 (N.D. Tex. 1982).
Related topics:
Withholding of income tax from wages
without consent and without any court order is a deprivation of
property without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
Banks and employers that honor levies can be
sued.
IRS employees can be sued for fraudulently issuing
notices of lien or notices of levy.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The Tax Court is controlled by the IRS
and always rules in its favor.
Wrong. The IRS has no control over the Tax Court, and the Tax
Court does not always rule in favor of the IRS.
Like other federal judges, Tax Court judges are appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. Unlike other federal judges,
they serve terms of only 15 years. (Other federal judges hold their
offices “during good Behaviour,” which means that they
can serve for the rest of their lives if they are not impeached.) Tax
Court judges can also be removed from office by the President “after
notice and opportunity for public hearing, for inefficiency, neglect
of duty, or malfeasance in office, but for no other cause.”
I.R.C. section 7443(d). (Other federal judges can be removed only for
“Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors”
if impeached by the House of Representatives and convicted by the
Senate.) These differences exist because the Tax Court is what is
sometimes known as an “Article I court” and not an
“Article III court” because it was created by
Congressional legislation outside of the rules that normally govern
federal courts under Article III of the Constitution.
And Tax Court judges are not always former IRS or Treasury
employees. A review of the Tax Court in 2005 showed that almost half
of the judges spent their careers in private practice, representing
taxpayers and not the government, before being appointed to the
court.
Finally, there is no empirical evidence showing any bias in favor
of the government. In fact, one law professor reviewed a number of
Tax Court opinions and concluded that the Tax Court was biased
towards taxpayers and not the IRS. Maule, James Edward, “Instant
Replay, Weak Teams, and Disputed Calls: An Empirical Study of Alleged
Tax Court Judge Bias,” 66 Tenn.L.Rev. 351 (1999), Villanova
Law/Public Policy Research Paper No. 2001-5.
Tax protesters also overlook the fact that Tax Court cases can be
appealed to the Circuit Courts of Appeal, and those “Article
III” federal appellate judges regularly and uniformly affirm
the decisions of the Tax Court against the nonsensical arguments of
tax protesters, as is illustrated by many of the court citations in
this FAQ. In other words, the problem is not the Tax Court, but that
tax protesters make crazy arguments.
A peculiar notion common to tax protesters is that the Tax Court
cannot decide constitutional issues, but the Tax Court is bound to
follow the Constitution in the same way as any other federal judge,
and there are many Tax Court decisions on constitutional issues. For
example, there are several Tax Court decisions that have invalidated
IRS regulations, sometimes on constitutional grounds. See, for
example, Tate & Lyle, Inc. v. Commissioner, 103 T.C. 656
(1994), rev’d 87 F.3d 99 (3d Cir. 1996).
Finally, if the Tax Court were really biased against taxpayers,
tax lawyers would have figured it out and challenged the IRS in
federal district court instead of Tax Court. (The Tax Court allows
the taxpayer to litigate tax disputes with the IRS before the IRS
assesses the tax or begins collecting the tax, but if the taxpayer is
willing to pay the disputed tax and file a claim for a refund, the
taxpayer can sue for the refund in federal district court.) But tax
lawyers know that their clients will get a fair hearing in Tax Court
and are usually willing to litigate their clients’ cases in
that court.
Related topics:
The court decisions against tax protesters
are all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested
interest in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are
paid by the income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that
feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Fundamental Misconceptions, Illiteracy,
and Illogic
There are some recurring legal or logical flaws in most tax
protester arguments.
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
I am often asked, “Why do you always assume that the courts
are right and the tax protesters are wrong?” Or, “Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?” Those
questions demonstrate that the questioner doesn’t really
understand what is meant by “law” or the “rule of
law.”
Law is not some kind of abstraction that floats in the air, free
from any connection to people or events. “The law” is
what legislatures, courts, and governments do, and the real
test of what the law “is” shows in how the law is applied
in actual cases.
So when lawyers talk about what “the law” is, they are
talking about how a judge will rule. Not how the judge should
rule, or might rule, but will rule. As Justice Oliver
Wendell Holmes once explained, “the only definition of law for
a lawyer’s purposes is something which the Court will enforce.”
Letter to Sir Frederick Pollock, 7/3/1874. Or, more famously: “The
prophecies of what the courts will do in fact and nothing more
pretentious are what I mean by the law.” The Paths of the
Law (1897).
The process of law is also a process of consensus. We have a
variety of procedures, some political, some judicial, and some
bureaucratic, for determining what the law should be and how it
should be applied. If we don’t like the results, we have ways
of changing the results and, when there are conflicts, we have ways
of resolving conflicts. However, when the courts, the legislatures,
and the voters all agree on what the law is, then that is
what the law is. The fact that some people believe that the law
should be different that what courts have said it is doesn’t
mean that the law is different from what the courts have said,
but only that they should argue their positions within the political
system and attempt to change the results.
In the case of the income tax, there is no conflict. The judicial,
executive, and legislative branches of our government, and a majority
of the voters, have all agreed for more than 90 years that (1) an
income tax is constitutional, (2) it applies to wages, and (3) every
citizen and resident of every state is required to file a tax return
and pay the tax. That is what the law is. There is no question about
it.
So this FAQ states what “the law” is, because a judge
will rule against the tax protester arguments described in this FAQ
100% of the time. Not 95% of the time, or even 99.999% of the time.
100.00%.
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Tax protesters constantly complain about a lack of “due
process,” but their complaints show that they don’t
really understand the meaning of constitutional due process.
Constitutional due process requires only that a person receive
notice and have an opportunity to have a hearing before an
impartial trier of fact. See Twining v. New Jersey, 211
U.S. 78, 110 (1908) ; Jacob v. Roberts, 223
U.S. 261, 265 (1912) . An actual hearing (or trial) is not
necessary if the right to a hearing is not exercised. And in the case
of the collection of taxes, the Supreme Court has held that a
pre-collection hearing is not necessary if there is an opportunity
for a post-collection hearing and remedy. Phillips v.
Commissioner, 283 U.S. 589, 595 (1931) (“Where, as here,
adequate opportunity is afforded for a later judicial determination
of the legal rights, summary proceedings to secure prompt performance
of pecuniary obligations to the government have been consistently
sustained.”).
To help understand the difference between a hearing and an
opportunity to be heard, consider a typical civil action by a
creditor attempting to enforce an obligation of a debtor. (For the
purpose of this example, it doesn’t make any difference whether
the obligation arises out of a contract, such as a credit card debt
or mortgage, or out of a tort, such as an automobile accident or
medical malpractice.) If a creditor files a complaint in court asking
for a judgment against the debtor, a copy of the complaint must be
served on the debtor, and the complaint typically includes a “notice
to plead” informing that debtor that if he does not respond to
the complaint, a judgment may be entered against him. The service of
the complaint, along with the notice to plead, provides the necessary
notice to the debtor of his opportunity to be heard. However, if the
debtor does not respond to the complaint, there is no need for a
court hearing and no need for any review by a court, and a clerk can
enter a default judgment against the debtor. Once a judgment is
entered, the creditor has a lien against all of the debtor’s
real property located within the jurisdiction of the court and the
creditor can direct the Sheriff to seize personal property of the
debtor without any need for any additional order of any court.
For the imposition of taxes, the steps are slightly different but
the function of the steps remains the same. Instead of filing a
complaint with a court and sending a copy of the complaint to the
taxpayer, the IRS sends the taxpayer a notice of deficiency, along
with information about how the taxpayer can contest the deficiency in
Tax Court. (See I.R.C. Section 6212.) If the taxpayer fails to
petition the Tax Court within the time allowed, then the IRS is
allowed to enter an assessment of the deficiency. (I.R.C. section
6213(a).) The assessment acts as a lien upon all of the taxpayer’s
property (I.R.C. section 6321), and the IRS can proceed to levy on
that property if the taxpayer fails to pay the assessment after
demand. (I.R.C. section 6331.)
The notice of deficiency therefore serves the same function as a
notice to plead, and the assessment serves the same function as a
default judgment. As the Supreme Court has noted:
“The assessment [of tax] is given the force of a
judgment, and if the amount assessed is not paid when due,
administrative officials may seize the debtor’s property to
satisfy the debt.”
Bull v. United States, 295 U.S. 247, 260 (1935).
Despite all these statutes and Supreme Court opinions, tax
protesters continue to insist that the federal
income tax itself is a deprivation of property without due process,
regardless of the procedures used, and that the
collection of income taxes by levy or lien without any court order
violates due process.
Related topics:
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Withholding of income tax from wages without
consent and without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
The collection of income taxes by
levy or lien without any court order is a deprivation of property
without due process contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
Constitution.
An IRS levy to collect taxes without a court
order is a violation of our 4th Amendment rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
The Internal Revenue Service must comply with the
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when it collects taxes.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Legalistic gibberish.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
The word “jurisdiction” is most commonly used by
Congress, courts, and lawyers to mean one of two different things:
Personal jurisdiction refers to the power of a
court over the parties (or object) of the litigation. For a court to
render a judgment in favor of a plaintiff and against a defendant,
the court must have power to enforce the judgment against the
plaintiff, which usually means that the defendant must have some
presence within the geographical area served by the court and the
defendant must be served with notice that he must defend himself in
court. (Some kinds of proceedings are described as “in rem”
proceedings, which means that the property that is the subject of
the litigation is within the power of the court and the court has
the power to decide the rights of different parties in that property
even though the court might not otherwise have personal jurisdiction
of those parties.)
Subject-matter jurisdiction is the power of the
court to decide the issues raised by the litigation. So, for
example, the jurisdiction of a “family court” might be
limited to divorce and child custody disputes, and the court would
have no jurisdiction to decide an action for slander. Federal courts
are courts of limited subject-matter jurisdiction, because they can
only hear cases that are authorized by both the Constitution and the
statutes enacted by Congress.
But when tax protesters talk about “jurisdiction,”
they usually aren’t talking about either of those kinds of
jurisdiction, but the power of the federal government to enact and
enforce laws. But the Constitution uses the words “legislative
power” to describe the powers of Congress, and the words
“judicial power” to describe the powers of the federal
courts. And, as explained elsewhere in this FAQ, the Constitution
clearly gives Congress the power to impose taxes on the people within
the states of the United States and the federal courts clearly have
the power to enforce those taxes. Claims to the contrary are simply
silly, and often amount to a kind of legalistic gibberish.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
A belief in the “magic” of words.
Legalistic gibberish.
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Taking quotations out of context.
Many tax protester arguments rest upon quotations that are taken
out of context and misapplied. Some examples:
In Edwards v. Keith, 231 F. 110, 113, the court wrote
that, “One does not ‘derive’ income by rendering
services and charging for them.” Tax protesters frequently
repeat that quote as evidence that wages and salaries for services
does not result in income, but that was not what the
Edwards decision was about. The issue in Edwards was
whether the taxpayer was required to report as income amounts that
he had “charged” as fees by sending out bills, but
for which he had not yet been paid. As explained above,
this is clear from the court’s own opinion, the court refusing
to impose a tax “upon unpaid charges for services rendered and
which, for aught any one can tell, may never be paid.”
Another example is the statement from Connor v. United
States, 803 F.Supp. 1187, 1191 (S.D. Tex. 1969), aff’d on
this issue, 439 F.2d 974 (5th Cir. 1971), that “Congress has
taxed income, not compensation.” Tax protesters cite this
quote to show that compensation for services is not taxable,
contrary to the words of I.R.C. section 61(a)(1), but the court
opinion itself was about the proceeds of a fire insurance policy and
had nothing to do with wages, salaries, or any other kind of
compensation for labor or services.
The entire “section 861”
argument rests upon quotations out of context from the
regulations. For example, tax protesters like to quote the first
sentence of Treas. Reg. (“Part I (section 861 and following),
subchapter N, chapter 1 of the Code, and the regulations thereunder
determine the sources of income for purposes of the income tax.”)
but steadfastly ignore the second sentence of the same paragraph
(“These sections explicitly allocate certain important sources
of income to the United States or to areas outside the United
States, as the case may be....”) because the second sentence
makes it clear that the purpose of the regulations is to determine
the geographical source of income, which is relevant only to
nonresident aliens, foreign corporations, and certain other
taxpayers.
One sure sign that a quotation is taken out of context is that the
tax protester has quoted from a court opinion that reached a result
that is completely contrary to what the tax protester is
claiming is the right result. So, for example, tax protesters
frequently argue that the income tax is unconstitutional by quoting
from the opinion of the Supreme Court in Brushaber v. Union
Pacific R.R., 240 U.S. 1 (1916), completely ignoring the fact
that the Brushaber decision affirmed that the federal income
tax is constitutional. Clearly, a tax protester who quotes the
Brushaber decision has taken the words of the court’s
opinion out of context.
Related topics:
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of
a fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities.”
Congress can only tax income arising
out of activities that Congress can regulate, such as alcohol,
tobacco, or firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The establishment of a “Pure Trust”
can protect income and earnings from income tax, because a trust is
a form of contract and is therefore protected from impairment by the
contract clause to the Constitution.
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right to
withhold taxes from the government until the government has answered
a “petition for the redress of grievances.”
Wages are not income.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax is only binding on people who
have entered into contracts with the government, such as by applying
for a Social Security number, driver’s license, or other
governmental benefit or privilege.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
Assuming that, if a statement is true, the
converse of the statement must also be true.
[Return to Table of Contents]
A belief that the word “includes”
is restrictive.
A surprisingly large number of tax protester arguments rest upon
an obtuse misunderstanding of the word “includes.”
In ordinary, everyday English, the word “include” is
normally used to describe an incomplete list, and does not
necessarily exclude anything not included in the list. For example,
one dictionary has explained the proper usage of “include”
in this way:
Include is used most appropriately before an
incomplete list of components: The ingredients of the cake include
butter and egg yolk. If all the components are named, it is
generally clearer to write: The ingredients are....
Usage note on “include,” American Heritage
Dictionary (2d College Ed. 1985).
So in normal English usage, the word “includes” is
used to add things, but not exclude or subtract things. For example,
to say that “The recipe included tomatoes” does not say
anything about what else the recipe might have contained. The use of
the word “includes” in a definition can expand the scope
or meaning of a word or phase, but it usually does not restrict or
exclude anything from the definition.
Section 7701(c) of the Internal Revenue Code confirms this usage
of “include” because it expressly states that using the
word “includes” in a definition does not exclude anything
that would otherwise be included in the meaning of the term being
defined. So a definition of “employee” to include
government employees does not exclude non-government employees, and a
definition of “state” to include the District of Columbia
does not mean that the states of the United States are no longer
considered to be states, and yet tax protesters insist that the
word “employees” mean only government employees,
and “United States” does not include any
of the states of the United States.
The Supreme Court has cited section 7701(c) (at a time when it was
designated 7701(b)) in holding that things not expressly included
within a definition are not necessarily excluded. The issue was
whether a state is a “person” that could be served with a
notice of levy in order to garnish the wages of a state employee. The
statute in question, section 6332, stated that “person”
for purposes of a notice of levy “includes an officer or
employee of a corporation or a member or employee of a partnership,
who as such officer, employee, or member is under a duty to surrender
the property or rights to property, or to discharge the obligation.”
The Supreme Court held that a state was a “person,”
stating:
“Though the definition of ‘person’
in 6332 does not mention States or any sovereign or political entity
or their officers among those it ‘includes’ [footnote
omitted], it is equally clear that it does not exclude them. This is
made certain by the provisions of 7701(b) of the 1954 Internal
Revenue Code that ‘The terms “includes” and
“including” when used in a definition contained in this
title shall not be deemed to exclude other things otherwise within
the meaning of the term defined.’ 26 U.S.C. (Supp. V) 7701(b).”
Sims v. United States, 359 U.S. 108, 112 (1959).
The court went on to hold that “the subject matter, the
context, the legislative history, and the executive interpretation,
i. e., the legislative environment, of 6332 make it plain that
Congress that a State should be considered a “person” as
used in 6332.” 359 U.S. at 112.
Other Supreme Court opinions confirm that a definition that uses
“includes” does not exclude things not listed:
“The terms ‘means’ and ‘includes’
are not necessarily synonymous. ... The natural distinction would be
that where ‘means’ is employed, the term and its
definition are to be interchangeable equivalents, and that the verb
‘includes’ imports a general class, some of whose
particular instances are those specified in the definition.”
Helvering v. Morgan’s Inc., 293 U.S. 121, 125, n. 1
(1934) (interpreting section 206 of the Revenue Act of 1926).
“In definitive provisions of statutes and other
writings, ‘include’ is frequently, if not generally, used
as a word of extension or enlargement rather than as one of
limitation or enumeration.”
American Surety Co. of New York v. Marotta, 287 U.S. 513
(1933).
Tax Protester “Evidence”
Tax protesters usually rely on their innate illiteracy in dealing
with the word “includes,” but sometimes cite a Supreme
Court opinion for the proposition that “includes” is a
word of “confinement” and not “enlargement.”
But the opinion in question actually contradicts them.
The opinion of the Supreme Court included the following:
“[Including] may have the sense of addition, as
we have seen, and of ‘also;’ but, we have also seen, ‘may
merely specify particularly that which belongs to the genus.’
[Citation omitted.] It is the participle of the word ‘include,’
which means, according to the definition of the Century Dictionary,
(1) ‘to confine within something; hold as in an inclosure;
inclose; contain.’ (2) ‘To comprise as a part, or as
something incident or pertinent; comprehend; take in; as the greater
includes the less; . . . the Roman Empire included many nations.’”
Montello Salt Co. v. Utah, 221 U.S. 452, 464-465 (1911).
At first glance, those words look as if they might support the
conclusion that a definition using the word “including”
might confine or restrict the meaning of a word, but context is
everything, and the words of the Supreme Court in Montello Salt
can’t be understood without understanding the context of the
dispute.
The issue before the court was the amount of land granted to the
University of Utah as part of the enabling act that admitted Utah as
a state of the United States. The grant was of 110,000 acres “to
be selected and located as provided in the foregoing section of this
act, and including all saline lands in said state....” The
state of Utah took the position that the University was entitled to
110,00 acres and, in addition, all of the saline lands in the state,
which had considerable value. The Montello Salt company, which had
deeds to various saline lands, took the position that the University
of Utah was entitled to only 110,000 acres, some (or all) of which
could be saline lands, but was not entitled to more than 110,000
acres. And the Supreme Court agreed with Montello Salt, holding that
“the saline lands are to be contained in or comprise a part of
the 110,000 acres of land.” (452 U.S. at 465.)
But the saline lands were to be only “a part of” the
110,000 acres. Tax protesters would have you believe that, if “A
includes B,” then “B” is the only thing in “A”
because everything else is excluded. In the case before the Supreme
Court, that would mean that the University of Utah is entitled to
nothing but saline lands. But that’s not what the
Supreme Court said was the right result.
The holding of the Supreme Court really contradicts what tax
protesters want to believe, because if you change “the saline
lands” to “government employees” and “110,000
acres of land” to “employees subject to withholding,”
you get the conclusion that “government employees are to be
contained in or comprise a part of the employees subject to
withholding,” which does not exclude any non-government
employees from any withholding. The holding of the Supreme Court is
therefore perfectly consistent with the meaning of “includes”
in I.R.C. section 7701(c) and perfectly inconsistent with what tax
protesters believe.
Related topics:
The income tax does not apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia and territories of the United
States because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
Taking quotations out of context.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of
words.
In their struggles to overcome the plain meaning of the 16th
Amendment, section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code, and other tax
laws, tax protesters often claim that tax laws are written in
“legalese” that does not mean the same as normal,
every-day English, but the opposite is true, as many Supreme Court
decisions will affirm:
“The legislature must be presumed to use words
in their known and ordinary signification.”
Old Colony R. Co. v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 248
U.S. 552, 560 (1932), quoting Levy’s Lessee v. McCartee,
31 U.S. 47, 49 (1832).
“[T]he words of statutes--including revenue
acts--should be interpreted where possible in their ordinary,
everyday senses.”
Crane v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 331 U.S. 1, 6
(1947); Malat v. Riddell, 383 U.S. 569, 571 (1966).
“In interpreting the meaning of the words in a
revenue Act, we look to the ‘ordinary, everyday senses’
of the words.”
Commissioner v. Soliman, 506 U.S. 168, 174 (1993).
“Common understanding and experience are the
touchstones for the interpretation of the revenue laws.”
Helvering v. Horst, 311 U.S. 112, 118 (1940).
Only by ignoring the plain and ordinary meanings of words can tax
protesters reach nonsensical conclusions such as that “income”
in the ordinary sense is not “income” within the meaning
of the 16th Amendment to the Constitution (and that the
16th Amendment does not mean what it says), that the
states of the United States are not “states” within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code, that “employees” in
the ordinary sense are not “employees” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code, that human beings are not “persons,”
and so forth.
Related topics:
Income cannot be taxed unless the source of
the income is first determined.
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new power
to tax.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the word
“income” is not defined.
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
Wages are not income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
Only the salaries of government employees
are subject to levy.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
Taking quotations out of context.
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
Not being able to see the forest for the trees.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Misuse of the maxims “expressio
unius est exclusio alterius” or “ejusdem generis.”
The Latin phrase “expressio unius est exclusio alterius”
is a maxim of statutory construction, and translates roughly as “the
expression of one meaning is an exclusion of others.” The maxim
“is an aid to construction, not a rule of law. It can never
override clear and contrary evidences of Congressional intent.”
Neuberger v. Commissioner, 311 U.S. 83, 88 (1940). It “serves
only as an aid in discovering the legislative intent when * * * [it]
is not otherwise manifest.” United States v. Barnes, 222
U.S. 513, 519 (1912); see 2A Sutherland Stat. Const. sec. 47.23
(1984).
A similar, but somewhat different principle, is “ejusdem
generis,” meaning “of the same kind.” A court
following the principle of ejusdem generis might construe general
words that follow or precede specific words in a statute as limited
to meanings similar in nature to those enumerated by the preceding
specific words. See, Circuit City Stores, Inc. v. Adams, 532
U.S. 105, 114-15 (2001). So, for example, the deduction allows by IRC
section 165(c)(3) for losses due to “fire, storm, shipwreck, or
other casualty” has been limited to “casualties”
similar in suddeness and severity to fires, storms, and shipwrecks,
and not extended to gradual losses, such as termite infestations. See
United States v. Rogers, 120 F. 2d 244 (1941).
These rules of construction are used to eliminate ambiguities or
uncertainties in statutes, but tax protesters frequently use them to
distort the meaning of unambiguous statutes and negate the ordinary
meanings of words.
For example:
The claim that only the salaries of
government employees are subject to levy is based on the
implicit (or explicit) assumption that the expression of a specific
procedure for federal employee should be interpreted as excluding
the possibility of any similar procedure for other kinds of
employees, an “expressio unius” kind of argument.
The argument that human beings are not
“persons” within the meaning of I.R.C. section 7701(a)
proceeds from the claim that trusts, estates, partnerships,
associations, companies, and corporations are all “artificial
entities” created by law, and that the list is a list of like
things, so an “individual” for purposes of I.R.C.
section 7701(a) must be an artificial entity as well, and not a
human being, a kind of explicit or implicit “ejusdem generis”
argument.
Related topics:
Only the salaries of government
employees are subject to levy.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Many tax protesters seem to be unable to understand that the
judicial decision-making is more than choosing from among competing
generalities.
The great American jurist Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. (who served on
both the New York Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court and
wrote a classic text on jurisprudence, “The Common Law”)
wrote that “General propositions do not decide concrete cases.”
Lochner v. New York, 198 U.S. 45, 75 (1905) (dissenting). And
so many tax protester “arguments” have been characterized
by judges as nothing but a “hodgepodge of ... irrelevant
platitudes” (Crain v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417, 1418
(5th Cir. 1984)), by which the judge meant that the tax protesters
were doing nothing but stating an overly-general proposition without
any justification for why that particular proposition should apply to
the particular case.
One of the most banal platitudes that is frequently trotted out by
tax protesters is that no person shall be “deprived of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law,” which is
found in the 5th Amendment to the Constitution. But
obviously people can be deprived of life, liberty, or property with
due process of law. In fact, that’s what court do. They deprive
people of life,liberty, or property. Every time a court finds a
defendant guilty, the court has deprived the defendant of life or
liberty, and every time a court rules in favor of a plaintiff or
defendant, the court has deprived either the plaintiff or the
defendant of some property. So saying that a court has deprived
someone of life, liberty, or property is not particularly interesting
unless you can explain exactly what the court did (or did not do)
that deprived that particular someone of due process.
Similarly, the general proposition that every man has the right to
his own labor does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that the
government cannot tax the “common right”
of labor. If the government could never impose a tax that took
away someone’s rights to their property, then the government
could never tax anyone for anything. So the claim that a tax deprives
someone of “property” or a “right” is pretty
much meaningless.
A generality frequently cited by tax protesters is the following
statement by the Supreme Court:
“In the interpretation of statutes levying taxes
it is the established rule not to extend their provisions, by
implication, beyond the clear import of the language used, or to
enlarge their operations so as to embrace matters not specifically
pointed out. In case of doubt they are construed most strongly
against the government, and in favor of the citizen.”
Gould v. Gould, 245 U.S. 151, 152 (1917).
The actual issue in Gould v. Gould was whether alimony is a
kind of income subject to tax, and the court held that it was not.
(The Internal Revenue Code has since been amended to make it clear
that alimony is deductible by the payor and income to the recipient.)
But tax protesters continue to trot out this “one size fits
all” generality in support of just about any kind of claim,
including the claims that wages are not
income, or that the Internal Revenue Code must
identify the “source” of their income, even though
I.R.C. section 61(a) is clear that gross income includes all income
“from whatever source derived” and that “compensation
for services” (such as wages and salaries) is included in gross
income, so there is no “case of doubt” to be construed.
To the extent that the Gould case (in 1917) represents a
restrictive view of the scope of the tax laws, that view was
over-ruled by Commissioner
v. Glenshaw Glass Co., 348 U.S. 426, 430-431 (1955), in which
the Supreme Court declared that it “has given a liberal
construction to this broad phraseology [defining “gross
income”] in recognition of the intention of Congress to tax all
gains except those specifically exempted.” And the Supreme
Court has also stated that it is a “settled principle”
that “exemptions from taxation are not to be implied; they must
be unambiguously proved.” United States v. Wells Fargo Bank,
485 U.S. 351, 354 (1988), citing Oklahoma Tax Comm‘n v.
United States, 319
U.S. 598, 606 (1943); United States Trust Co. v. Helvering,
307
U.S. 57, 60 (1939); Rapid Transit Corp. v. New York, 303
U.S. 573, 592 -593 (1938). This “settled principle”
works against tax protesters, because it shows that, once their
receipts are within the definition of gross income” in section
61, any claimed exemption (such as the exemption claimed in the
“section 861” argument) must be “unambiguously
proved.”
Notice that the reliance of generalities is the opposite of the
tendency of tax protesters to fail to see the
forest for the trees. Tax protesters sometimes seem to go
“guardrail to guardrail” in crashing back and forth
between over-generalities and over-specifics. Anything to avoid the
important realities.
Related topics:
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of
a fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
You cannot be required to file an income tax return
because a tax return is a form of testimony and the 5th Amendment
guarantees that you cannot be compelled to testify against yourself.
The IRS cannot require anyone to file an income tax
return because that would be a violation of our 4th Amendment rights
against unreasonable searches and seizures.
The IRS cannot levy on property or file a lien on
property without first obtaining a judgment or order of a court.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Not being able to see the forest for the trees.
Legalistic gibberish.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Rejecting simple explanations.
Tax protesters regularly violate a principle of logic known as
“Occam’s Razor.”
William of Occam (sometimes spelled “Ockham”) was a
theologian and philosopher of the 14th Century who observed that the
correct explanation is usually the one that requires the fewest
number of entities. In other words, the simplest explanation is
usually the correct explanation. This “rule of parsimony,”
also known as “Occam’s Razor,” is regularly
violated by tax protesters who, in their efforts to make their ideas
conform to observable reality, often produce incredibly complicated
arguments and explanations relying on “facts” that are
demonstrably false, wildly improbable, or completely unverifiable.
For example, when forced to confront the fact that their ideas
about the U.S. Constitution and the Internal Revenue Code are refuted
by hundreds of court decisions, and that not a single judge has ever
agreed with their crackpot arguments, tax protesters retreat into
paranoid delusions, claiming that there is an elaborate and
complicated conspiracy among all of the officials of the IRS, all of
the members of Congress, every federal judge, and most of the legal
profession.
The most fantastic example of this kind of complicated explanation
can be found in the writings of Larken Rose about the “section
861” argument. Rose (who was convicted in 2005 for willful
failure to file income tax returns) believes that the Constitution
does not allow Congress to tax the domestic income of American
citizens, and that this is understood by Congress, IRS, and most
judges, but that the Internal Revenue Code and regulations were
written in a way to be deliberately deceptive so that Americans would
be tricked into paying taxes that couldn’t really be enforced
them again. According to Rose, the reason that Rose’s arguments
lose in court is that the judges are in on the deception and so rule
in favor of the IRS even though the judges really know the IRS is
wrong. Rose completely ignores (or rejects) the much simpler
explanation, which is that the federal income tax is constitutional
and applies to American citizens on all of their income (meaning that
the 16th Amendment means what it says, the Code and regulations mean
what they say, and the courts mean what they say).
Related topics:
There are lots of court decisions
favorable to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the
transcripts, suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders”
against the parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Assuming that, if a statement is true, the
converse of the statement must also be true.
Tax protesters regularly assume that, if “A” implies
“B,” then “B” also implies “A,”
which is not true at all. For example, the statement “all dogs
are mammals” does not in any way imply that all mammals are
dogs, or that something that is not a dog is not a mammal.
An amusing example of this kind of false logic comes from comedian
Woody Allen, who argued that “All men are mortal. Socrates was
mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.” (He was parodying a
classic example of a syllogism.)
Yet tax protesters regularly conclude that a statement such as
“corporate profit is income” means that all income
must be “corporate profit” and so the
income tax only applies to corporations.
Related topics:
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts,
or Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that
must be apportioned.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities” such as the sale of alcohol, tobacco, and
firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
Only the salaries of government employees
are subject to levy.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
Taking quotations out of context.
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
”Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
In their desire to avoid taxes, tax protesters start with the
proposition that the income tax is invalid and try to construct an
argument (any argument) to justify that conclusion. The result is an
“ad hoc” argument that collapses of its own weight
because, if it were applied to other situations, it would lead to
absurd results. So, for example:
The claim that wages are not income because the wages
represent an equal exchange of money for
property is absurd, because the same could be said of almost
every other transaction that might result in income. Almost all
interest, dividends, rents, royalties, and other forms of income
arise in arms-length exchanges for what is believed by the parties
to be equal values. If the “equal value” theory were
correct, then nothing is income and the federal income tax doesn’t
apply to anything except transactions that are the result of frauds
or mistakes. Clearly that is not the result that Congress intended.
Similarly, the argument that domestic income is not “taxable”
because there is no “taxable source”
identified in I.R.C. section 861 leads to absurd results,
because there is nothing in section 861 (or its regulations) that
identify any source as “taxable,” which means
that nothing is taxable to anyone.
Another example is the ratification of the 16th Amendment. In
their desire to prove that the 16th
Amendment was not properly ratified, tax protesters have
searched for any possible procedural defect and have found a variety
of typographical errors in the ratification process of some states.
But similar typographical errors can be found in the ratification of
every constitutional amendment. Do tax protesters really believe
that the First Amendment was improperly ratified, and that there is
no freedom of speech or of the press? Obviously not. Tax protesters
have never even considered the consequences of applying their
arguments to other constitutional amendments. Their arguments are
all “result oriented,” which is the exact opposite of
the principle of the rule of law, which strives for consistency and
predictability.
Many other examples of short-sighted, “ad hoc”
arguments can be found in this FAQ.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens, because that would be a “direct tax”
prohibited by the Constitution.
The income tax is a “direct tax”
because it is collected from individuals who cannot shift the burden
to others.
The income tax cannot apply to individual
citizens because Congress has power only over states and not over
individual citizens.
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is our
property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because it does
not expressly repeal any provision of Article I of the Constitution.
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
The 16th Amendment is ineffective because the word
“income” is not defined.
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Under the 1st Amendment, there is a right to
withhold taxes from the government until the government has answered
a “petition for the redress of grievances.”
The Internal Revenue Code does not define
“income.”
Wages are not “income” because wages
represent an equal exchange of labor (a form of “property”)
for money (another form of property), so there is no gain and no
income.
Wages are not income, but only a “source”
of income (Section 61 of the Internal Revenue Code lists only
sources of income), so wages are not taxable.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
Not being able to see the forest for the trees.
In a jury trial, the defendant can ask
the jury to decide the validity of the law.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Not being able to see the forest for the
trees.
The expression “not being able to see the forest for the
trees” means that you have become so bogged down in details
that you are no longer able to see the “big picture.” And
tax protesters frequently look so hard at individual words in court
opinions, statutes, and regulations that they reach conclusions that
are completely nonsensical, and completely contrary to the intent of
both Congress and the framers of the Constitution. In many cases, tax
protester claims lead to a reductio ad absurdum, which is a
proof that a proposition is incorrect by first assuming that it is
correct and then showing that the proposition leads inevitably to
absurd results. Many tax protester arguments cannot survive that kind
of analysis.
For example:
Many tax protesters claim that the
United States does not have “jurisdiction” to enforce
taxes within the states, or that the framers of the Constitution
never intended to give Congress the power to tax people directly,
but it is perfectly clear from both the words of the Constitution
and the debates surrounding the adoption of the Constitution that
Congress would have the power to tax and that Congress could impose
and collect capitations and other “direct taxes” on the
citizens and residents of the United States. Indeed, one of the
principal reasons that the Constitution was adopted was to give
Congress the power to tax.
The claim that the 16th
Amendment gave Congress “no new power” to tax
ignores the plain words of the amendment, which clearly gives
Congress the power to tax incomes, and the fact that the amendment
must mean something because Congress made the effort to
propose it and the states took the time to ratify it and Congress
and the states must have intended to change something about
the taxation of income by Congress. And yet tax protester arguments
frequently lead to the conclusion that the 16th Amendment
means nothing.
The claim that the 16th Amendment was
not properly ratified is another example of obsession with
trivia because the claim is based on typographical errors, minor
changes in wording, and procedural irregularities, and no one has
ever been able to deny that three fourths of the states did in fact
want to give Congress the power to tax incomes.
In taking quotations out of context,
tax protesters are trying to find words or phrases that might mean
what they want them to mean, but lose sight of the meaning of the
decision as a whole. So they become obsessed with words in court
opinions (what lawyers call “dicta”) that they think
might support them, but ignore the “holding” of the
case, which was against them. So, for example, the tax
protesters frequently quote from opinion of the Supreme Court in in
Brushaber v. Union Pacific R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1 (1916), while
ignoring that the court actually held that the income tax was
constitutional.
The section 861 argument is based
on very fanciful readings of some very obscure regulations, and the
conclusions reached by the proponents of the argument make most of
the rest of the Internal Revenue Code irrelevant.
Many tax protesters become obsessed with procedural issues,
claiming that the IRS used the “wrong” form or the
“wrong” procedure is assessing a tax or imposing a levy.
But they ignore the important issues, such as whether they did
receive the income and do owe the tax, or whether there was any harm
caused by the alleged failure to follow an internal procedure.
Other examples can be found in the “related topics”
below.
Related topics:
The 16th Amendment gave Congress no new
power to tax.
The 16th Amendment was not properly
ratified.
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax cannot apply to
natural-born “sovereign state citizens” because they are
not “citizens” within the meaning of the 14th Amendment.
The federal income tax amounts to a
deprivation of property without due process and without just
compensation, which is contrary to the 5th Amendment to the
constitution.
Wages are not income.
Wages paid within the United States are not a
“source” of income defined by section 861 of the
Internal Revenue Code, and so are not taxable.
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
The income tax is voluntary.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
Form 1040 and its instructions were not adopted in
accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
The Internal Revenue Code does not require any
payment of tax by individuals, and the Internal Revenue Service has
admitted this by failing to include any reference to section 1 or
section 6012 in the Privacy Act Statement included in Form 1040.
If I do not file a return, then the Internal Revenue
Service cannot assess a deficiency without first preparing a signed
“substitute for return” in accordance with I.R.C.
section 6020(b).
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
Taking quotations out of context.
Rejecting simple explanations.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Inconsistency in applying “ad hoc,”
result-oriented arguments.
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
[Return to Table of Contents]
A belief in the “magic” of
words.
Tax protesters also seem to believe that changing the name of
something changes the nature of the thing itself. Lawyers themselves
sometimes fall into this trap, because the applications of laws
frequently depend on how something is classified, and there is always
a temptation to try to convince a court to treat a particular thing
or event simply by changing the terms used to describe the thing or
event.
But the fallacy of assuming that names can be used as a substitute
for reason is well illustrated in a story (probably apocryphal) that
is often told about Abraham Lincoln. He was repeatedly asked during
the Civil War why he didn’t sign a declaration freeing the
slaves, and in one case President Lincoln is supposed to have asked
(rhetorically) how many legs a lamb would have if you called his tail
a leg. The answer is still four, according to Lincoln, because
calling a tail a leg doesn’t make it a leg. Lincoln’s
point was that declaring a slave to be free didn’t make him
free. Tax protesters don’t understand that kind of reality, and
want to argue about the names of things, rather than the
nature of things.
So, for example, tax protesters will claim that they are not
“taxpayers” within the meaning of
the Internal Revenue Code, as if changing the label that might be
applied to them would change the way the tax laws apply to them. But
the definition of “taxpayer” in the Internal Revenue Code
is simply “any person subject to any internal revenue tax.”
If you are subject to a tax, then you are a “taxpayer.”
But tax protesters start with the conclusion and work backwards,
believing that, if they can convince the court that they are a
“non-taxpayer,” then the tax laws will magically no
longer apply to them.
In extreme cases, tax protesters have argued that even the forms
of words have what appear to be magical properties, so that the
capitalization of names has legal significance,
as well as order of words (such as the
difference between “United States District Court” and
“District Court of the United States”).
One judge has characterized the “pile of legalistic
gibberish” filed by one plaintiff as resting on a belief in
magic phrases:
“Based on her papers, Chrystal – who
identifies herself as ‘Ambassador nonnie: chrystal’ of
“satellite beach, Florida, Republic; near [32937]” –
has fallen in with the Sovereign Citizen/Tax Protestor movement. In
common with other so-called sovereign citizens, she appears to
believe that ours is a legal system, not of statutes and precedent,
but of sorcery, with parties prevailing as a result of their
incantation of out-of-context passages from Black’s Legal
Dictionary.”
Nonnie Chrystal v. Huntington National Bank, 2010 WL
1965870, No. 6:10-cv-Orl-31GJK (U.S.D.C. M.D. Fla. 5/17/2010).
Related topics:
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is
our property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
The federal income tax cannot apply to wages,
because forcing people to share the fruits of their labors would be
the same as slavery or “involuntary servitude”
prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
Wages are not income.
The income tax is voluntary.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
A “notice of levy” (or “notice
of lien”) is not the same as an actual levy (or an actual
lien).
Taking quotations out of context.
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
Lies and fabrications.
Legalistic gibberish.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
A “tax protester” is only
someone classified as a “tax protester” by the Internal
Revenue Service in accordance with the IRS definition of “tax
protester.”
[Return to Table of Contents]
“Chaining” unrelated decisions
together.
What I call “chaining” could also be called a “false
syllogism,” and it is the product of taking not just one, but
two or more quotations out of context from
different court opinions.
A syllogism is a classic logical structure, consisting of a major
premise, a minor premise, and a conclusion. A commonly used example
of a syllogism is:
All men are mortal;Socrates was a man;Therefore, Socrates
was mortal.
So, a tax protester will quote one court opinion that says that an
excise is a tax on a privilege, and a quote from a second court
opinion that the right to work is a fundamental right, and reach the
conclusion that Congress cannot tax income from
labor with an excise. Among the many problems with this argument
is that the second court opinion (relating to the “right to
work”) had nothing to do with taxation. So the chain from
“excise” to “tax on labor” includes a link
that has nothing to do with either the preceding premise or the
conclusion.
Another example is one of the arguments that wages are not
“income.” The tax protester will find a court decision
that says that “income” is a form of “gain,”
and then another court decision that the payment of compensation for
services is not a “gain,” and announce that wages
are not income. However, the second court decision is not about
taxes, but about the meaning of “gain” as that term is
used in nonprofit corporation statutes (which typically prohibit any
“gain” to shareholders or other individuals).
This kind of chaining is not “logic” or “legal
reasoning” but simply the manipulation of words and phrases
without any attempt to understand the meaning of the words. One judge
responded to these kinds of tax protester arguments by pointing out
to the tax protester that, according to the Bible, Judas hanged
himself (Matt. 27:5) and Jesus said “Go and do likewise”
(Luke 10:37). Jamming those two unrelated things together creates a
meaning that Jesus never intended.
Related topics:
Wages cannot be taxed because our labor is
our property, and so a tax on labor would be a tax on property and a
“direct tax” within the meaning of the Constitution.
Income taxes are not “Duties, Imposts, or
Excises” and so must be “direct taxes” that must
be apportioned.
Wages cannot be taxed because the exercise of a
fundamental right cannot be taxed and the right to work is a
fundamental right reserved to the citizens of the United States by
the 10th Amendment to the Constitution.
Congress can only tax the exercise of
“privileges” or the income from “revenue taxable
activities” such as the sale of alcohol, tobacco, and
firearms, or from interstate commerce.
The establishment of a “Pure Trust”
can protect income and earnings from income tax, because a trust is
a form of contract and is therefore protected from impairment by the
contract clause to the Constitution.
Wages are not income.
The tax laws only apply to “taxpayers”
and you are not required to file returns or pay taxes if you are not
a “taxpayer.”
Taking quotations out of context.
An over-reliance on generalities and
platitudes.
Assuming that, if a statement is true, the
converse of the statement must also be true.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Lies and fabrications.
A surprisingly large number of tax protester web sites promote
arguments based on “quotations” that are complete
fabrications. Sometimes, this is the result of what might be
described as “mutations” as text is copied from web site
to web site, so that what started out as a comment on a court opinion
becomes part of the opinion itself. (Did you ever play “telephone”
as a child? If you did, then you can understand how information can
be garbled in this way.) So, for example, tax protesters often cite
Stapler v. United States, 21 F.Supp 737, for the proposition
that “Income is not a wage or
compensation for any type of labor,” but the words “wages”
and “labor” appear nowhere in the decision, and the
“quotation” is a fabrication.
Tax protesters also make sweeping (and ridiculous) statements
about history (particularly about the “founding fathers”)
that are completely wrong and based entirely on wishful thinking
without any historical support. For example, tax protesters will
often claim that the authors of the Constitution
never intended for Congress to have the power to tax state citizens,
but such a statement is completely at odds with all of the historical
evidence that the authors of the Constitution intended exactly that
result, which is obvious from even the most cursory reading the the
Federalist Papers, Madison’s Notes, or any other
writings from that period of history.
Related topics:
Wages are not income.
The authors of the Constitution (aka, the
“Founding Fathers”) never intended to give Congress the
power to tax incomes from labor.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
[Return to Table of Contents]
Legalistic gibberish.
And some tax protester arguments can only be described as complete
fantasies, written in a kind of pseudo-legalistic kind of gibberish.
There are therefore many court opinions in which judges have admitted
that they find the “arguments” of tax protesters to be
incomprehensible or incoherent. One of the most frequently cited
critiques is from the 5th Circuit of Appeals, and is often
quoted by judges who do not intend to waste their time trying to
decipher a tax protester’s rantings:
“Crain’s present appeal ... is a
hodgepodge of unsupported assertions, irrelevant platitudes, and
legalistic gibberish.”
Crain v. Commissioner, 737 F.2d 1417, 1418 (5th Cir. 1984).
The author’s personal favorite is from a District Court
opinion:
“[Defendant’s] argument in favor of
vacating judgment is almost incomprehensible, and, to the extent it
is understandable, is meritless.... “
United States v. Bell, 86 AFTR2d ¶2000-5209; CIV F
95-5346 OWW SMS (U.S.D.C. E.D.Ca. 7/24/2000).
The reason that tax protesters write gibberish is that they don’t
understand basic legal concepts like jurisdiction, due process, or
common law, and frequently misapply the meanings of even ordinary
words like “income” and “includes.” Combine
that kind of ignorance with self-righteous anger towards the entire
legal system and delusions of literacy, and the result is usually an
indecipherable tapestry of legal jargon woven together into an
unintelligible mess.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Paranoid (and Other) Delusions
Certain arguments of tax protesters transcend legal or logical
fallacies, and can only be described as neurotic or psychotic
delusions.
There are lots of tax protesters who have
won cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and
Vernice Kuglin.
No. There are a handful of people who have avoided criminal (but
not civil) penalties by convincing a jury that they were too
stupid or delusional to understand the tax laws and their violations
were not “willful,” but no one has ever won against
the IRS in a tax collection case using one of the frivolous arguments
described in this FAQ. Some of the more notorious losers are
described below.
(This section of the FAQ will not be updated after 7/19/2007.
Instead, a Tax Protester
Dossiers wiki has been established to provide information about
tax protester gurus, promoters, icons, martyrs, enablers, and other
“big fish.”)
John Cheek
John Cheek was a classic tax protester. He was a pilot for
American Airlines who filed no tax returns for 5 years. He was
convicted of willfully failing to file and appealed his conviction
all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, which reversed his conviction
and remanded the case for a new trial. The opinion of the Supreme
Court is rather confusing, and deals entirely with the issue of
whether Cheek should have been allowed to present evidence that he
sincerely believed that he was not required to file a tax return. The
opinion is confusing because the court characterized his beliefs as
“absurd” and ruled that he could not argue that the
income tax was unconstitutional or otherwise invalid, but that he
must be allowed to present evidence (and arguments) that he did not
understand his statutory duty to file tax returns. United States v.
Cheek, 498 U.S. 192 (1991). He was therefore allowed a new trial, but
it didn’t do him any good, because he was convicted again at
his second trial. See United States v. Cheek, 3 F3d 1057 (7th
Cir. 1993).
Tax protesters will often try to claim that their violations of
the tax laws were not “willful” because they had a “good
faith belief” in what they were doing, but it didn’t
work for John Cheek and it rarely works for anyone else.
Lloyd Long
The Lloyd Long case is one of the great “victories” of
tax protesters, meaning that it is absolutely meaningless. Mr. Long
was prosecuted for criminal failure to file and was acquitted by a
jury, which apparently had a reasonable doubt about whether he had
“willfully” failed to file. His acquittal does not
“prove” that you are not required to file income tax
returns, any more than the acquittal of O.J. Simpson “proves”
that it is legal to kill your ex-wife.
Vernice Kuglin
Another largely meaningless acquittal by a jury in a criminal
prosecution, which (usually) means only that the jury had doubts
about whether the defendant (Ms. Kuglin) willfully failed to file a
tax return.
Vernice B. Kuglin faced criminal charges for falsifying Forms W-4
and failing to pay taxes on $920,000 of income between 1996 and 2001,
but was acquitted by a federal jury. United States v. Kuglin,
No. 03-20111 (U.S.D.C. W.D. Tenn. 8/8/2003). According to newspaper
accounts of the trial, jurors found persuasive the defendant’s
argument that she attempted to obtain an explanation of the Service’s
authority to collect taxes from her but her correspondence went
unanswered. See 2003 TNT 155-12 (Aug. 11, 2003); 2003 TNT 155-13
(Aug. 11, 2003); 2003 TNT 158-2 (Aug. 14, 2003).
In the case of Ms. Kuglin, we also know that she did not escape
civil liability for the taxes because she was later interviewed on a
radio program and admitted that the IRS had garnished her salary to
pay the taxes she owed. “American
Radio” with Dave Champion (1/31/2004). Eight months later,
she entered into a settlement with the IRS in Tax Court in which she
agreed to pay more than half a million dollars in back taxes and
penalties. Kuglin v. Commissioner, No. 21743-03, 2004 TNT
177-14 (T.C. 9/1/2004).
Others
Gail Sanocki is another mythical (and unpublished) case, the facts
of which are not clear. Apparently, the IRS was proceeding against
her and her husband and, at some point in the proceedings, the IRS
dropped its case against her (but not her husband). She had made many
of the usual tax protester arguments, but the government probably
dropped the case against her because of doubts about whether she was
an “innocent spouse” and so was not responsible for the
tax returns filed by her husband. Although tax protesters like to
claim that the government was conceding the validity of her tax
protester arguments, there is simply no reason to believe that it was
anything but a case of the government deciding not to prosecute
because of doubts about the evidence, not doubts about the law. (See
the discussion of the Robert Lawrence case, above.)
The case of Robert Lawrence is another in which the government
decided to dismiss an indictment and not prosecute, and many tax
protesters have claimed that the government made its decision because
Lawrence had raised the “Paperwork Reduction
Act” argument and the government “knew” it
would lose. However, in response to a motion by Lawrence for legal
fees from the government, the government explained that, in preparing
for trial, it had discovered errors in the calculations of some of
the taxes alleged to have been owed by Lawrence and that the amounts
actually owed were less than what was claimed in the indictment. The
judge refused to allow the government to amend the indictment, and so
the government decided to dismiss the indictment rather run the risk
that the jury would not convict Lawrence when it learned that the
government itself could not accurately calculate his tax liabilities.
In ruling for the government on the issue of legal fees, the judge
stated that he had “no reason to doubt” the government’s
explanation for why it dismissed the indictment, and that Lawrence’s
claim that the government “should have known” that
Lawrence had a valid defense under the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1990 was “ridiculous.” United States v. Lawrence,
2006 TNT 153-15, No. 06-10019 (U.S.D.C. C.D. Ill. 7/31/2006). In
short, Lawrence “won” because the government made a
mistake, and not because Lawrence was right about anything.
Related topics:
If you’re right, why don’t you
claim the $________ reward that [name of tax protester] is offering
to anyone who can show [insert tax protester gibberish here]?
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
There are many lawyers, accountants, and
former IRS employees who agree with tax protester arguments.
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against the
parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
The federal income tax is inapplicable, invalid,
unenforceable, or unconstitutional because [________________]?
[Return to Table of Contents]
There are many lawyers, accountants,
former IRS employees, and other well-educated people who agree with
tax protester arguments.
Not really. There are a handful of what could best be described as
misfits who have bought into the tax protester fantasy, and a few
lawyers who could be best described as “enablers.” Some
of the more notorious are described below.
(This section of the FAQ will not be updated after 7/19/2007.
Instead, a Tax Protester
Dossiers wiki has been established to provide information about
tax protester gurus, promoters, icons, martyrs, enablers, and other
“big fish.”)
Lowell H. (“Larry”) Becraft
The name of Lowell H. Becraft appears fairly frequently in tax
opinions, usually due to the cases he has lost. See, for example, In
re Lowell H. Becraft (United States v. Nelson), 885 F.2d 547 (9th
Cir. 1989), in which Mr. Becraft, attorney for Mr. Nelson, was fined
$2,500 for filing a petition that the court found to be so lacking in
merit as to be “frivolous”. No published decision can be
found in which Mr. Becraft prevailed making any of the arguments
described in this FAQ, and he himself has admitted that most of these
arguments have been “destroyed”
by adverse court decisions.
Irwin A. Schiff
Irwin Schiff has been convicted of criminal violations of the tax
laws in three separate trials over the last thirty years, and has
served time in prison following each conviction. His latest
conviction, on October 24, 2005, was for conspiracy to defraud the
United States, five counts of aiding and assisting in the filing of
false federal income tax returns(i.e., the “zero returns”
he prepared for his clients), attempting to evade and defeat the
payment of tax, and six counts of filing false federal income tax
returns, for which he was sentenced to 9 years and 7 months in prison
and 36 months of supervised release, and ordered to pay $4,256,249.78
in restitution. United States v. Irwin A. Schiff, No.
2:04-CR-00119-1 (D.C. Nev. 3/14/2006), on appeal, No. 06-10199 (9th
Cir.). He is currently in federal prison, inmate # 08537-014, and his
projected release date is October 7, 2016, when he will be 88 years
old.
The United States also has a civil judgment against Schiff for
back taxes, penalties, and interest totalling $2,651,187.51, plus
interest and other statutory additions accruing after June 14, 2004.
United States v. Irwin A. Schiff, No. CV-S-01-0895 (D.C. Nev.
7/12/2004), aff’d No. 05-15233, 2006 TNT 176-15 (9th Cir.
9/11/2006) (unpublished opinion; sanctions of $6,000 imposed), cert
den. No. 07-5812 (10/1/2007).
While Schiff was in prison following his first conviction, the IRS
took the royalties from the sale of his book to pay his back taxes.
For a fairly complete history of the losses of Irwin Schiff against
the United States tax system, see Schiff v. United States, 24
Cl. Ct. 249, 252 (1991); Schiff v. United States, Civil No.
N-86-354(WWE), 89-2U.S. Tax Cas. (CCH) ¶9551, 1989 WL 119410, 2,
1989 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11807, 7 (D. Conn. Sept. 6, 1989) (summary
judgment for United States in refund claim by Schiff for 1976 through
1978), aff’d 919 F.2d 830 (2nd Cir. 1990) 919
F.2d 830 (2nd Cir. 1990) (sanctions imposed for frivolous appeal),
cert. denied, 501 U.S. 1238 (1991); United States v. Schiff,
876 F.2d 272 (2nd Cir. 1989); United States v. Schiff, 801
F.2d 108 (2nd Cir. 1986), cert. denied, 480 U.S. 945 (1987); Schiff
v. Simon & Schuster, Inc., 780 F.2d 210 (2nd Cir. 1985);
Schiff v. Simon & Schuster, Inc., 766 F.2d 61 (2nd Cir.
1985) (percuriam; affirming order sanctioning pro se litigant damages
and double costs).); Schiff v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1992-183;
Schiff v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1984-223. Schiff v.
Commissioner, 751 F.2d 116 (2nd Cir. 1984) (per curiam; sanctions
imposed for frivolous appeal)); United States v. Schiff, 647
F.2d 163 (2nd Cir. 1981), cert. denied, 454 U.S. 835 (1981); United
States v. Schiff, 612 F.2d 73 (2nd Cir. 1979).
In pleadings filed in federal court, Schiff himself cited the
above history of failure, as well as the opinions of a lawyer, a
psychiatrist, and a psychologist, as evidence that his actions are
irrational and the result of a “mental disease or defect,”
so that he is unable to form act “willfully” within the
meaning of the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code relating to
tax fraud. “Defendant
Irwin A. Schiff’s Opposition to United States’ Motion for
Summary Judgment,” United States v. Schiff, No.
CV-S-01-0895 (D.C. Nev. 1/21/2004).
Students of Mr. Schiff have not fared any better.
“At his criminal trial, Mr. Letscher testified
that he filed tax returns and paid his taxes until 1980. In 1981, he
began listening to and reading materials prepared by Irwin Schiff, a
tax protester. Starting from late 1980, Mr. Letscher attended several
seminars hosted by Mr. Schiff. He also subscribed to newsletters
prepared by Mr. Schiff. On the basis of information from Mr. Schiff
and Mr. Letscher’s own research, Mr. Letscher decided not to
file any more tax returns because he could not find any law which
required him to do so.”
United States v. Letscher, KTC 1999-648 (U.S.D.C. S.D.N.Y.
1999), (footnotes and citations omitted).
Mr. Letscher was convicted of both willful failure to file and tax
evasion and was sentenced to 33 months imprisonment. In the civil
action cited above, the United States sought to reduce the various
tax deficiencies and tax liens against Mr. Letscher to judgments
against him and trusts he controlled, and the above description of
was part of the court’s opinion leading to the conclusion that
“Mr. Letscher’s pattern of misconduct provides clear and
convincing evidence that he intended to evade payment of federal
income taxes and justifies the imposition of civil fraud penalties.”
“Middleton’s good-faith basis not to pay
taxes was allegedly predicated in part on the teachings of Irwin
Schiff, a self-proclaimed tax guru who has written numerous books and
lectured extensively on the reasons why citizens have no legal
obligation to pay income tax. ... Middleton also conceded that he
continued to follow Schiff’s materials even though he knew that
Schiff had previously been convicted of felony income tax evasion.”
United States v. Middleton, 246 F.3d 825, KTC 2001-185 (6th
Cir. 2001), (conviction for attempting to evade or defeat income tax
affirmed).
“Petitioner’s only argument against the
imposition of the addition to tax and penalty for fraud is a Cheek
defense. A good faith misunderstanding of the Internal Revenue Code
may be a defense against additions to tax pursuant to section 6653(b)
and penalties for fraud pursuant to section 6663. ... Petitioner’s
argument is that he relied on Mr. Schiff’s book in filing the
false Forms W-4 and not filing tax returns for the years in issue.
Petitioner points to his testimony as evidence of his beliefs. His
testimony was not credible. We need not, and do not, accept his
self-serving testimony. [Citation omitted.] At the time petitioner
‘relied’ on what he read in Mr. Schiff’s book, he
knew that Mr. Schiff had been convicted of failing to file tax
returns. The propositions contained in Mr. Schiff’s book are
the stale, meritless, and patently frivolous arguments that have been
rejected by this Court scores of times and at least twice when
presented by Mr. Schiff himself. Schiff v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo.
1992-183; Schiff v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 1984-223, affd. 751 F.2d
116 (2d Cir. 1984).”
Lopez v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo. 2001-211, 2001 TNT 155-9
(civil fraud penalties upheld against taxpayer who stopped filing tax
returns after reading Schiff’s book “How Anyone Can Stop
Paying Income Tax”).
Steven Swan met Irwin Schiff in 1995 and, after hearing Schiff’s
theories and talking with him, Swan bought Schiff’s books and
even began teaching Schiff’s theories at seminars and preparing
tax returns based on Schiff’s theories. The results were
disastrous because Swan was forced to close his real estate business
after the IRS assess taxes and penalties against him and began
levying on his bank accounts and other assets. Swan sued Schiff for
misrepresentation, fraud, and negligence, but the suit was dismissed
summarily. Steven A. Swan v. Irwin A. Schiff, No.
2:02-cv-00697 (U.S.D.C. Nev. 3/29/2004). Showing his typical
compassion for his victims, Schiff publicly referred to Swan as “an
idiot.” (Jason Pierce, “Author
of ‘Voluntary’ Income Tax Theories Sued for Millions,”
CNSNews.com (5/29/2002).) Swan himself was indicted and convicted for
on 15 counts of preparing false income tax returns for others, two
counts of filing false income tax returns for himself, and one count
of corruptly impeding the administration of the tax laws, and was
sentenced to nine years in federal prison. According
to the Department of Justice, the federal judge increased Swan’s
sentence above the federal sentencing guidelines because Swan
obstructed justice by testifying falsely at trial and because the
evidence at trial showed that Swan filed frivolous lawsuits against,
threatened and sought the baseless criminal prosecution of IRS
employees and other government officials who tried to assess and
collect taxes from him.
See also:
United States v. Burdett, 962 F.2d 228 (2d Cir. 1992)
(affirming conviction of defendant who was convinced in part by
Schiff’s book entitled How Anyone Can Stop Paying Taxes
that the filing of a tax return was voluntary, and that his wages
were not taxable). In rejecting Burdett’s defense, the 2nd
Circuit Court of Appeals stated “Burdett’s claim of a
good-faith belief in his exemption was so baseless as to be a mockery
of the good-faith defense. Measured by any known legal criteria,
there is no support in the law for his view; it has been rejected so
often that no one who, like Burdett, claims to have researched the
question could still sincerely believe that someone in Burdett’s
circumstances was exempt from the tax laws.” 962 F.2d at
229-230.
United States v. Payne, 978 F.2d 1177 (10th Cir. 1992)
(affirming conviction of defendant who relied on Schiff’s
books), cert. denied, 508 U.S. 950 (1993).
United States v. Dentice, 1999 WL 1038003 (9th Cir. 1999)
(unpublished) (rejecting good faith defense in part because defendant
could not reasonably rely on Schiff, who was neither a CPA nor an
attorney and had himself been convicted of tax evasion).
Roth v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1992-563, 1992 TNT 194-22
(civil fraud penalties upheld against taxpayer who stopped filing tax
returns after reading Schiff’s book “How Anyone Can Stop
Paying Income Tax”).
United States v. Rowlee, 988 F.2d 1275 (2nd Cir. 1990)
William T. Conklin
William T. Conklin claims to be successful in fighting the IRS,
and has described himself as a “known tax protester like Jesus
Christ, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin and George Washington.”
Conklin v. United States, KTC 1994-259, Case No. 89-N-1514 (D.
Col. 1994). Unfortunately, his claims of success are contradicted by
the public record, because he has lost every case on record. See,
e.g., Conklin v. Commissioner, 91 T.C. 41 (1988); Church of
World Peace, Inc. v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1992-318; Church
of World Peace, Inc. v. Commissioner, T.C. Memo 1994-87; Church
of World Peace, Inc. v IRS, 715 F.2d 492; United States v.
Church of World Peace, 775 F.2d 265; Conklin v. United States,
812 F.2d 1318; Conklin v. C.I.R., 897 F.2d 1032; Tavery v.
United States, 897 F.2d 1027; Tavery v. United States,
Civ. No. 87-Z-180, USDC Colorado.
Oddly enough, Conklin lists many of those cases on his web site as
“wins,” but he never explains how he can “win”
a case in which the court rules against him.
Joseph R. Banister
Joseph R. Banister is a bit of a puzzle, because he is (or was) a
certified public accountant, and did work for the Internal Revenue
Service, so he should know something about tax law, and yet he ended
up buying into the tax protester craziness and quitting the IRS. He
has since become one of the darlings of the tax protester cult and
has apparently earned substantial fees for speaking at tax protester
events.
His known clients have not fared well in court. For example,
Banister advised Walter “Al” Thompson and apparently
encouraged him not to file tax returns or pay employment taxes, as a
result of which Thompson was indicted and convicted and is now in
prison. Banister himself was indicted for conspiring with Thompson to
evade taxes but his trial was separated from Thompson’s and
Banister was acquitted after a jury trial. (Interestingly enough,
Thompson was also acquitted of the charge that he conspired with
Banister even though Thompson was convicted on all other charges, so
two different juries in two separate trials agreed that the
government’s evidence of conspiracy was insufficient to convict
either of the alleged conspirators.)
Although Banister escaped criminal liability for his advice to
Thompson, the Office of Professional Responsibility of the U.S.
Treasury moved to bar Banister from practice before the Internal
Revenue Service because of his advice to Thompson and others. A
hearing was held before an Administrative Law Judge, and Banister was
disbarred from IRS practice, the ALJ finding that Banister had
violated the rules for practice before the IRS by his “absolutely
wrong” advice to his clients and by failing to file personal
tax returns for 1999 through 2002. See
IR-2004-5 (1/12/2004). Banister appealed the disbarment to the
Secretary of the Treasury, who upheld
the disbarment for the advice given to clients but held that
there was insufficient evidence introduced at the hearing that
Banister had enough income to require income tax returns for the
years for which he failed to file returns. Banister could have filed
a further appeal to federal District Court, but chose not to.
Based on the Treasury action, the California Board of Accountancy
issued an decision revoking Banister’s CPA license on January
26, 2007. Banister has
publicly stated that he intends to appeal that decision.
There is also still a possibility of criminal charges against
Banister for his own failure to file tax returns.
Eduardo M. Rivera
Eduardo M. Rivera was a lawyer who sold “reliance letters”
that people could supposedly rely to avoid criminal penalties for
failing to file returns (which Rivera claimed that they were not
required to file).
He is no longer a lawyer because he was “ordered
inactive” on 3/10/2006, and disbarred
effective 8/17/2006. No. S143358 (Ca. Supreme Ct. 7/18/2006).
The United States also sued him in federal court over his sales of
his “tax reliance” package, and he was permanently
enjoined on July 21,2003. United State v. Eduardo M. Rivera,
No. 03-2520 (U.S.D.C. C.D. Cal. 7/21/2003). He didn’t stop,
however, and was found to be in criminal contempt on 12/20/2006.
United States v. Eduardo Marmolejo Rivera, No. 2:06-cr-00624
(C.D. Ca. 12/20/2006). Rivera has appealed to the 9th
Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 07-50090, filed 3/2/2007) and that
appeal was still pending when the entry was last edited.
Tommy K. Cryer
Tommy K. Cryer has some fairly good legal credentials, including
having graduated with honors from LSU Law School as a member of the
Order of the Coif (kind of the legal equivalent of the Phi Beta Kappa
honor society). However, he was indicted for tax evasion in 2006 and
responded by filing a motion to dismiss that is a classic (84-page)
rehash of tax protester nonsense, including that the
Internal Revenue Code does not impose any liability, that the
I.R.C. does not define “income,” that the
16th Amendment did not give Congress any new power to tax,
that the source of income must be determined in
order to decide if it is taxable, the section
861 argument, that the federal
government cannot tax activities that it cannot regulate, that
the income from a person’s own labor is
“fundamental right” that cannot be taxed, that
compensation for labor is an “equal
exchange” that does not result in gain, and that wages
are not “income” within the meaning of the 16th
Amendment. United States v. Tommy K. Cryer, No. 06-50164-10 (W.D.
La. 2/7/2007). In its response, the United States refers to these
arguments as “various tax protester claims” and as “pages
upon pages of protester arguments that courts have previously
rejected and discredited.” Docket #26 (2/15/2007). And the
government is right.
Like many others who have joined the tax protester cult, Cryer
seems to have a history of emotional and financial problems. In
defending himself against a disciplinary complaint that he had
neglected a legal matter (for which he received a public reprimand),
Cryer claimed to have suffered from depression. The commissioner of
the Louisiana State Bar Association concluded during the period in
question he had been “on the brink of an emotional breakdown
and also in severe financial straits,” and the Louisiana
Supreme Court agreed that his “inexplicable behavior”
were due to “emotional problems.” Louisiana State Bar
Association v. Cryer, 441 S.2d 734, 1983 La. LEXIS 12346
(11/29/1983). Cryer’s financial situation apparently did not
improve, because he filed for bankruptcy in 1998. And a web site
apparently run by Cryer himself describes his wife, Carolyn, as
“severely disabled” (“Welcome
to the Lie-Free Zone”). He is therefore someone who has
been under a lot of emotional and financial pressures over the years,
and seems to have “snapped” and found his
refuge in delusions.
Related topics:
There are lots of tax protesters who have
won cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
[Return to Table of Contents]
If you’re right, why don’t you
claim the $________ reward that [name of tax protester] is offering
to anyone who can show [tax protester gibberish] is not correct?
Some professional charlatans make a big show of offering a reward
to anyone who can prove that their own brand of gibberish isn’t
true. Why hasn’t anyone collected? Because they’ve rigged
the offer so that no one can ever collect.
In many states, such a unilateral offer is not legally
binding, and can be withdrawn at any time, so if the offeror refuses
to pay there is no legal remedy.
Even if the offer is a legally binding contract, there may be
legal conditions that will make it difficult (or impossible) to
collect. For example, Irwin Schiff once appeared on television and
offered to pay $100,000 to anyone who could identify the section of
the Internal Revenue Code that impose any liability for tax. A man
named Richard Newman identified sections 1, 6012, 6151, 6153, 7201,
7202 and 7203 in a telephone call to the television station the
following morning and then sued Schiff when he refused to pay the
$100,000. The 6th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that Newman was
right about the tax laws and that Schiff’s claim was
“ridiculous,” but ruled for Schiff because Newman did
not telephone the television station with the correct answer within
the time specified in Schiff’s offer (i.e., during the time
that Schiff was actually on the air). Newman
v. Schiff, 778 F.2d 460 (8th Cir. 1985).
The most important condition that most tax protesters impose
with their “offers” is that they themselves are the
judge of whether the conditions of the offer have been met. So, for
example, William Conklin has offered $50,000 to anyone who can show
him how to file an income tax return without waiving his 5th
Amendment rights. One person gave him the correct answer (which is
to omit any incriminating information from the return) and then sued
him for the $50,000, but the court ruled in Conklin’s favor,
saying that because Conklin was the one who had to be satisfied, he
was the “sole arbitor of the sufficiency of any answer
tendered,” it was solely up to him whether or not to award the
prize, and he could reject answers he didn’t like even if the
answers were legally correct. Walder v. Conklin, Case No.
01-CV-1038-B (U.S.D.C. Wyo. 12/13/2001). (Believe it or not, Conklin
brags about this decision on his web
site, listing it as a “win” and not realizing that
the decision shows him to be a fraud because his “reward
offer” is meaningless.)
Some tax protester “offers” include multiple
assertions, and the challenge is to prove that they are all
incorrect. If the offeror inserts one statement into the list
that is arguably true, it becomes impossible to collect the reward.
So, for example, the Save-a-Patriot Fellowship offers a $10,000
reward to “to ANYONE who can disprove the following
statements of FACT and LAW.” (Their emphasis.) What follows is
a list of 28 “facts,” some of which are actually true.
Because the reward is to anyone who can disprove “the
following statements” (plural), it would be necessary to
disprove all of the statements to collect the reward. If any
one statement is true then the reward can never be collected, even
if the other 27 “facts” are completely false.
Finally, many of these offers are made by people who already
have numerous tax liens against them because they have already
litigated with the IRS and lost. Even if one could obtain a judgment
against them, the judgment would be worthless because they have no
assets with which to pay the judgment. (This is what lawyers call
“judgment proof.”)
Related topics:
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
The federal income tax is inapplicable, invalid,
unenforceable, or unconstitutional because [________________]?
[Return to Table of Contents]
There are lots of court decisions
favorable to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the
transcripts, suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders”
against the parties so that the opinions are never published.
Of course, there is no evidence of this nonsense, and it doesn’t
even make any sense.
If a judge didn’t want it known that he had ruled in favor
of a tax protester, why doesn’t the judge simply rule against
the tax protester instead of for him? A decision against a tax
protester is easy to justify, based on all of the other court
decisions described in this FAQ. A decision for the tax protester
goes against all the published decisions by other judges, so why
would the judge rule for the tax protester and then keeps the
decision a secret? Why would anyone go to so much trouble? And if
the judge believes the decision is right, why keep it a secret?
And how does the judge keep the decision a secret from the
successful tax protester and keep him from exercising his 1st
Amendment right to publicize the decision? Oddly enough, no tax
protester has ever claimed to have have his own (favorable) decision
sealed; it’s always something that happens in some other case
that no one can identify.
It all makes no sense.
Related topics:
There are lots of tax protesters who have
won cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
There are many lawyers and well-educated
people who believe that tax protester positions are valid and have
been successful in arguing tax protester cases. People like Lowell
H. Becraft, Irwin Schiff, etc.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The court decisions against tax
protesters are all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a
vested interest in maintaining the status quo because their salaries
are paid by the income tax and they are not going to bite the hand
that feeds them.
There is absolutely no evidence that any of the rulings described
in this FAQ were obtained by corruption. And consider the following:
The judicial decisions that are cited in this FAQ go back
more than 200 years, to 1796, when the U.S. Supreme Court
unanimously upheld the constitutionality of a tax imposed on a
citizen of Virginia for carriages held for personal use. In all that
time, there has never been a single judge in the history of the
United States to rule that Congress could not impose a tax on
individuals living within the states of the United States.
No judge in the history of the United States has ever ruled
that wages were not income, or that Congress could not tax wages.
There have been only six judges in the history of the United
States to rule that a tax on certain types of income (from property)
might be unconstitutional (in the Pollock decision in 1894),
and they were overruled by the 16th Amendment fairly quickly.
So, in order to believe that all of the rulings against tax
protesters are the result of ignorant, corrupt judges, you must
believe that every single judge in the history of the United
States has been ignorant or corrupt. That doesn’t sound likely.
The idea that judges have a vested interest in upholding the
income tax is equally absurd. Under the Constitution, federal judges
are appointed for life and their salaries can never be reduced. So a
federal judge is always going to get paid regardless of how the judge
rules. If a judge considered only his or her own self-interest, the
judge would rule against the income tax, because then the
judge would also not be required to pay any taxes and could keep the
full amount of the lifetime salary guaranteed by the Constitution.
In short, claims that rulings against tax protesters are tainted
by corruption or stupidity are just the whinings of people who refuse
to understand that they are wrong.
Related topics:
The Tax Court is controlled by the IRS
and always rules in its favor.
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against the
parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and
so are afraid to rule against the IRS.
Ridiculous. Judges rule against the IRS all the time, on all sorts
of issues. Judges have even fined the IRS and its agents for
violating the law. And yet there is no verified instance of any judge
ever getting audited by the IRS following a ruling by the judge
against the IRS.
In addition, there are known examples of judges being biased
against the IRS. The most extreme case was Supreme Court Justice
William O. Douglas. During his many years on the U.S. Supreme Court
(and he served longer than any other justice in history), Justice
Douglas voted against the IRS at almost every opportunity, frequently
dissenting (without opinion) from otherwise unanimous decisions. The
accepted explanation of this odd voting record is that he was still
angry at having once been audited by the IRS. Justice Douglas was a
very strong-willed, outspoken man, and if the IRS has ever taken any
other actions against him, he would have let the public know about
it.
And even if the IRS did audit a judge, what harm could the IRS do?
Most judges have little more than their salaries from the government
and some investment income. If they report all of their income (as
they are required to do) and claim the usual deductions, what can the
IRS do? Contrary to what tax protesters think, the IRS can’t
just go in and fabricate numbers. There has to be some facts that
will justify imposing additional taxes.
Finally, if the IRS did have a vendetta against a judge, and tried
to run the judge through the wringer because of it, could you imagine
the public outcry that would result if the judge made the story
public? It is sometimes suggested that the IRS is too soft in
politically sensitive cases, rather than too hard, because the IRS
fears a backlash from Congress if it appeared that any audit or other
action were politically motivated.
In short, this is just a paranoid delusion.
Related topics:
The Tax Court is controlled by the IRS
and always rules in its favor.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The IRS always wins against tax
protesters because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant,
ill-prepared defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles
cases against the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
This is a ridiculous assertion. For this claim to be true, the IRS
would have to be 100% accurate in assessing whether it will win or
lose any given case, and that is impossible.
Furthermore, the IRS has been successful even against the few
lawyers and CPAs who have taken up tax protester arguments. (See the
cross-references in the “related topics” below.)
Tax protesters lose because they make ridiculous arguments, like
those described in this FAQ.
Related topics:
There are lots of tax protesters who have
won cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
There are many lawyers and well-educated
people who believe that tax protester positions are valid and have
been successful in arguing tax protester cases. People like Lowell
H. Becraft, Irwin Schiff, etc.
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against the
parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
[Return to Table of Contents]
The taxpayers who have challenged the
tax system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
Many of the tax protester arguments presented in this FAQ may seem
to be redundant, saying the same things over and over again, using
only slightly different words. And they lose regardless of what words
they use because it is the argument itself that is wrong, and not
just the words used to present it.
Still, tax protesters believe that their positions are correct,
and many believe that the tax protester losses are due to “bad
arguments.” For example, Lowell H. Becraft, a lawyer who
represents tax protesters and has representing the losing taxpayer in
many of the decisions cited in this FAQ, has put together a web page
listing the “destroyed
arguments” that he believes were ruined by the “ill
prepared, desperate people” who raised the arguments in court,
lost, and so created bad precedents for everyone else.
Like Lowell Becraft, many tax protesters therefore believe that,
if the courts do not agree with them, it is only because they have
not yet used the right words to explain their positions. So, after a
particular argument loses for the twentieth or thirtieth time, one of
the less dim bulbs in the tax protester community comes up with a new
“formula” with different words, that they then proclaim
to be the “real thing.”
This is all a delusion, of course. Tax protesters lose because
their basic ideas are ridiculous, contrary to common sense, statutes,
and all previous court decisions. Losing a case with a tax protester
theory and then trying again with a “better argument” is
the legal equivalent of re-arranging the deck chairs after the
Titanic has hit the iceberg.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
Not understanding the legal process, or the
meaning of “law.” (E.g., “Why do you always assume
that the courts are right and the tax protesters are wrong? Couldn’t
the courts be wrong about what the Constitution means?”)
There are lots of court decisions favorable
to tax protesters, but the judges always seal the transcripts,
suppress the opinions, or issue “gag orders” against the
parties so that the opinions are never published.
The court decisions against tax protesters are
all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested interest
in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are paid by the
income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
If Congress really meant for Americans
to pay taxes on their earnings, Congress would have changed to law to
make it clearer, because then tax protesters would have no choice by
to obey the law.
Nonsense.
As shown in this FAQ, tax protesters believe that:
Congress does not have the power to tax incomes, even though
the 16th Amendment says that “The Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes....”
No one is required to file a tax return, even though section
6012 of the Internal Revenue Code says that “Returns with
respect to income taxes under Subtitle A shall be made by ... Every
individual having for the taxable year gross income which equals or
exceeds the exemption amount....”
Wages are not income, even though section 61(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code says that gross income includes “compensation
for services.”
The states of the United States are not part of the United
States.
And so forth.
And tax protesters refuse to believe anything that Congress, the
IRS, or the courts have said about the tax laws.
In the face of such obstinacy, it is silly to believe that making
the law just a little bit clearer would make any difference.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
I would file returns and pay taxes if
Congress, the IRS, or the courts would just show me the law that
requires me to do so.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
I would file returns and pay taxes if
Congress, the IRS, or the courts would just show me the law that
requires me to do so.
Yeah, right.
Tax protesters are regularly shown the law, but they refuse to
believe it. There are tax protesters who have met with the IRS and
been told why they have to file returns, have been indicted for
failing to file returns, have met with lawyers and judges who have
told them why they had returns, been convicted by juries of failing
to file returns, and have still claimed not to know why they were
required to file returns. For example, a taxpayer who claimed to have
been researching tax issues for “almost fourteen years,”
and had been fighting with the IRS for several years in several
courts, still claimed that he had never been directed to a specific
taxing statute.
“Although on appeal Mr. Wheeler attempts to
persuade the court that he would have willingly paid his taxes if
someone had simply directed him to the proper sections of the tax
code, a review of the proceedings below shows that Mr. Wheeler is
well aware of the relevant tax code provisions but believes they are
not applicable to him.”
Charles Raymond Wheeler v. Commissioner, 528 F.3d 773, 2008
TNT 114-13, No.
07-9001 (10th Cir. 6/10/2008), aff’ng T.C. Memo. 2006-109,
Nos. 14430-03, 7206-04 (May 22, 2006).
The claim that “I would file returns and pay taxes if they
would show me the law” is just another delusion that tax
protesters adopt to convince themselves that they are not criminals.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
If Congress really meant for Americans to
pay taxes on their earnings, Congress would have changed to law to
make our obligations and liabilities clearer, because then tax
protesters would have no choice by to obey the law.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The number of nonfilers is growing,
showing that the number of people who are anti-tax (and anti-IRS) is
growing.
Although the IRS does publish statistics from time to time
regarding the number of “nonfilers,” and the number is
often said to be increasing, it is purely wishful thinking by tax
protesters to believe that increasing numbers of people are not
filing because of tax protester arguments like the ones presented in
this FAQ.
One reason that the number of nonfilers increases from time to
time is that income tax exemptions have increased due to
Congressional action or inflation, or because incomes have fallen. To
the IRS, anyone who receives income and does not file an income tax
return is a “nonfiler.” But many people who receive
income are not required to file returns because their incomes are too
low to require a return. So large numbers of nonfilers are children,
the elderly, and the working poor, all of whom may have incomes too
small to require a return.
In fact, large numbers of nonfilers not only owe no tax, but are
owed refunds. According to a
March 19, 2008, press release from the IRS, approximately 1.3
million people failed to file income tax returns for the year 2004
even though they were owed a total of about $1.2 billion in refunds.
So it appears that many people who fail to file are simply ignorant
or negligent.
Related topics:
What is a “tax protester”?
If Congress really meant for Americans to
pay taxes on their earnings, Congress would have changed to law to
make our obligations and liabilities clearer, because then tax
protesters would have no choice by to obey the law.
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
[Return to Table of Contents]
Related (But Non-Tax) Lunacies
There are some other truly bizarre arguments that sometimes show
up in tax protester web sites (and occasionally in court) which
aren’t exclusively tax arguments, but are worth mentioning.
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternative) tax enforcement is
governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly invoking
admiralty procedures.
This nonsense seems to arise out of a misunderstanding of the
meaning of “exclusive,” so statements that federal court
jurisdiction over maritime litigation is “exclusive” is
read as meaning that federal courts can hear only
maritime litigation, while what was meant was that maritime
litigation can only be heard by federal courts and cannot be heard by
state courts. (This claim therefore seems related to the
claim that Congressional power is limited to the District of Columbia
and other “federal areas,” which arises out of the
mistaken belief that the power of Congress to exercise ““exclusive
Legislation” means that Congress can legislate only for the
District of Columbia, while what was clearly intended was that the
power of legislation should be exclusive to Congress and denied to
the states.)
As ridiculous as this claim about admiralty law might look, at
least one court has taken the time to refute it:
“The Saunders argue that the district court
lacked jurisdiction to enforce the summonses. In support of their
position, they cite The Glide, 167 U.S. 606, 623-24, 17 S.Ct.
930, 936, 42 L.Ed. 296 (1897), which holds that ‘[t]he maritime
and admiralty jurisdiction conferred by the constitution and laws of
the United States upon the district courts of the United States is
exclusive.’ The Saunders apparently interpret this language as
limiting the jurisdiction of federal district courts to admiralty and
maritime actions. The Saunders also seem to believe that, by issuing
a notice of dishonor under the Uniform Commercial Code, they prevent
the IRS from characterizing this case as a contract in admiralty or a
maritime action, leaving the district court no basis for
jurisdiction.“The Saunders reading of The Glide
founders. In describing the district courts’ maritime and
admiralty jurisdiction as ‘exclusive’ the Supreme Court
excluded state courts from adjudicating either category of lawsuit.
The Court did not, by employing the phrase ‘exclusive,’
delimit the bases of federal jurisdiction. To the contrary, Congress
has expressly directed federal district courts to hear tax
enforcement matters. See 26 U.S.C. §§ 7402(b),
7604(a); 28 U.S.C. § 1340. We have repeatedly confirmed the
authority--indeed, duty--of the district courts to adjudicate tax
summons cases such as the one being prosecuted here. See, e.g.,
United States v. Author Servs., Inc., 804 F.2d 1520, 1525 (9th
Cir.1986), amended, 811 F.2d 1264 (9th Cir.1987).”
United States v. Saunders, 951 F.2d 1065 (9th Cir. 1991).
Still, there are many tax protester pleadings referring to
admiralty or maritime law, all of which are usually ignored by the
courts as simply gibberish.
The claim that “Federal courts may not enforce the internal
revenue laws because their jurisdiction is limited to admiralty or
maritime cases or issues” has been identified by the IRS as a
“frivolous position” that can result in a penalty of
$5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in certain
collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
The income tax does not apply to citizens outside
of the District of Columbia and territories of the United States
because the way “United States” is defined in the
Internal Revenue Code does not include the states of the United
States.
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
A belief that the word “includes” is
restrictive.
[Return to Table of Contents]
If the flag of the United States that
is in the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating
under martial law.
There is actually some interesting history behind this nonsense.
There is a federal statute that defines the American flag as
thirteen horizontal stripes, alternate red and white, with a “union”
of a blue field with one white star for each state. 4 U.S.C. §§
1 and 2. The statutory definition says nothing about any kind of
fringe of the kind often used on ceremonial flags displayed indoors,
and at some point someone in the military wondered whether a flag
with a fringe was “legal.” In 1925, the Attorney General
issued an opinion that a fringe “does not appear to be regarded
as an integral part of the Flag, and its presence cannot be said to
constitute an unauthorized addition to the design prescribed by
statute,” concluding that “The presence, therefore, of a
fringe on military colors and standards does not violate any existing
Act of Congress. Its use or disuse is a matter of practical policy,
to be determined, in the absence of statute, by the Commander in
Chief....” 34 Op. Atty. Gen. 483 (May 15, 1925).
Perhaps you can see where this is going? Because the Attorney
General expressed the opinion that the President as
Commander-in-Chief can put a fringe on military flags, tax protesters
have leapt to the conclusion that all flags with
fringes are military flags. This idea has been flatly rejected in
numerous court decisions. See, e.g., McCann v. Greenway, 952
F. Supp. 647 (W.D. Mo. 1997); United States v. Greenstreet,
912 F.Supp. 224, 229 (N.D.Tex.1996) (“To think that a fringed
flag adorning the courtroom somehow limits this Court’s
jurisdiction is frivolous.”); Vella v. McCammon, 671
F.Supp. 1128, 1129 (S.D.Tex.1987) (rejecting argument that a federal
court lacks jurisdiction to impose penalties for civil and criminal
contempt because its flag is fringed); Commonwealth v. Appel,
438 Pa.Super. 214, 652 A.2d 341, 343 (1994) (rejecting argument that
a fringed flag in a state courtroom conferred on the court admiralty
or maritime jurisdiction).
In Leverenz v. Torluemlu, 1996 WL 272538, at *1 & n. 3
(N.D.Ill. May 20, 1996), the court noted that the complaint named as
defendants a judge, a state attorney general, a doctor, several
police officers from different communities, and 600 unnamed John and
Jane Does and that “[s]ome idea of what is to come is provided
by this legend that Leverenz attaches to his ‘Complaint’
heading: “This case is under the jurisdiction of the American
flag of peace of the United States of America. No flags of war will
serve this case jurisdiction.” (In National Auto. Dealers &
Assocs. Retirement Trust v. Arbeitman, 89 F.3d 496, 502 (8th
Cir.1996), a later motion in the Leverenz case was described
as “bizarre.”)
Related topics:
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
[Return to Table of Contents]
In a jury trial, the defendant
can ask the jury to decide the validity of the law.
This is sometimes known as “jury nullification,”
because the jury is asked to nullify the law by refusing to enforce
it.
The principle of jury nullification in the United States is said
to go all the way back to the very first Supreme Court, of which John
Jay was the Chief Justice.
“It may not be amiss, here, Gentlemen, to remind
you of the good old rule, that on questions of fact, it is the
province of the jury, on questions of law, it is the province of the
court to decide. But it must be observed that by the same law, which
recognizes this reasonable distribution of jurisdiction, you have
nevertheless a right to take upon yourselves to judge of both, and to
determine the law as well as the fact in controversy. On this, and on
every other occasion, however, we have no doubt, you will pay that
respect, which is due to the opinion of the court: For, as on the one
hand, it is presumed, that juries are the best judges of facts; it
is, on the other hand, presumable, that the court are the best judges
of law. But still both objects are lawfully, within your power of
decision.”
State of Georgia v. Brialsford, 3 U.S. (Dallas) 1, 4
(1794).
The accuracy of the above quotation, and the validity of the
principle stated within the quotation, has been called into question
by the Supreme Court itself in later decisions. For example, in the
Sparf case (156 U.S. 51, 64), the court recited the above
quotation and then criticized it:
“Of the correctness of this report, Mr. Justice
Curtis in U. S. v. Morris, 1 Curt. 23, 58, Fed. Cas. No.
15,815, expressed much doubt, for the reason that the chief justice
is reported as saying that, in civil cases, -and that was a civil
case,-the jury had the right to decide the law, and because, also,
the different parts of the charge conflict with each other; the chief
justice, according to the report, saying at the outset that it is the
province of the jury to decide questions of fact, and of the court to
decide questions of law, and in the succeeding sentence informing the
jury that they had the right to take upon themselves the
determination of both law and fact. If the chief justice said that it
was the province of the court to decide questions of law, and the
province of the jury to decide questions of fact, he could not have
said that the jury had the right, in a civil case, to judge of and
determine both law and fact. ‘The whole case,’ Mr.
Justice Curtis said, ‘was an anomaly. It purports to be a trial
by jury in the supreme court of the United States of certain issues
out of chancery; and the chief justice begins by telling the jury
that the facts are all agreed, and the only question is a matter of
law, and upon that the whole court were agreed. If it be correctly
reported, I can only say it is not in accordance with the views of
any other court, so far as I know, in this country or in England, and
is certainly not in accordance with the course of the supreme court
for many years.’”
Sparf v. United States, 156 U.S. 51, 65 (1895), (“Congress
did not intend to invest juries in criminal cases with power
arbitrarily to disregard the evidence and the principles of law
applicable to the case on trial.”).
In the Sparf opinion, after reviewing opinions in federal
courts, state courts, and even English courts and confirming that it
is the role of the court to determine the laws that apply to a
particular case, and to instruct the jury on the law, and it is the
role of the jury to apply that law to the evidence that has been
presented and determine the facts of the case, the Supreme Court
discussed the problems that would arise in a system in which the jury
could determine the law as well as the facts:
“Any other rule than that indicated in the above
observations would bring confusion and uncertainty in the
administration of the criminal law. Indeed, if a jury may rightfully
disregard the direction of the court in matter of law, and determine
for themselves what the law is in the particular case before them, it
is difficult to perceive any legal ground upon which a verdict of
conviction can be set aside by the court as being against law. If it
be the function of the jury to decide the law as well the facts,-if
the function of the court be only advisory as to the law,- why should
the court interfere for the protection of the accused against what it
deems an error of the jury in matter of law?“Public and
private safety alike would be in peril if the principle be
established that juries in criminal cases may, of right, disregard
the law as expounded to them by the court, and become a law unto
themselves. Under such a system, the principal function of the judge
would be to preside and keep order while jurymen, untrained in the
law, would determine questions affecting life, liberty, or property
according to such legal principles as, in their judgment, were
applicable to the particular case being tried. If because, generally
speaking, it is the function of the jury to determine the guilt or
innocence of the accused according to the evidence, of the truth or
weight of which they are to judge, the court should be held bound to
instruct them upon a point in respect to which there was no evidence
whatever, or to forbear stating what the law is upon a given state of
facts, the result would be that the enforcement of the law against
criminals, and the protection of citizens against unjust and
groundless prosecutions, would depend entirely upon juries
uncontrolled by any settled, fixed, legal principles. And if it be
true that a jury in a criminal case are under no legal obligation to
take the law from the court, and may determine for themselves what
the law is, it necessarily results that counsel for the accused may,
of right, in the presence of both court and jury, contend that what
the court declares to be the law applicable to the case in hand is
not the law, and, in support of his contention, read to the jury the
reports of adjudged cases, and the views of elementary writers.”
Sparf v. United States, 156 U.S. 51, 101-102 (1895).
As noted above, the issue of jury nullification usually arises in
a criminal prosecution, because it is very difficult for a tax
protester to get a jury trial in a civil determination of the taxes
owed. There are no juries in Tax Court, and so the only way to get a
jury trial is to pay the full amount of the tax determined by the
IRS, file an amended return claiming a refund, sue for in federal
district court when the refund claim is denied, and demand a jury
trial in federal district court. Even then, there will be no jury
trial unless there is a dispute as to a material issue of fact.
Arguments that are purely legal arguments, such as whether the income
tax is constitutional, or whether the money
paid by a private employer is “wage” subject to tax,
will be decided by the court on a motion for summary judgment and the
tax protester will never even see a jury much less get a chance to
argue law to the jury.
Related topics:
Any assessment or collection of any tax
without a trial by jury is a violation of the 7th Amendment.
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
The Tax Court is controlled by the IRS and
always rules in its favor.
Not understanding the meaning of “due
process.”
Not understanding the meaning of
“jurisdiction.”
There are lots of tax protesters who have won
cases against the IRS, such as John Cheek, Lloyd Long, and Gail
Sanocki.
The court decisions against tax protesters
are all rendered by ignorant, corrupt judges who have a vested
interest in maintaining the status quo because their salaries are
paid by the income tax and they are not going to bite the hand that
feeds them.
The court decisions against tax protesters are all
rendered by judges who are afraid of being audited by the IRS and so
are afraid to rule against the IRS.
The IRS always wins against tax protesters
because the IRS only litigates cases against ignorant, ill-prepared
defendants it knows it can beat, and it always settles cases against
the smart defendants who know how to beat the IRS.
The taxpayers who have challenged the tax
system and lost all lost because they argued their cases badly.
The tax laws cannot be enforced against
citizens in federal courts, because federal courts are “admiralty”
or “maritime” courts or (alternatively) tax enforcement
is governed by admiralty law and can be defeated by properly
invoking admiralty procedures.
If the flag of the United States that is in
the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under
martial law.
[Return to Table of Contents]
A judge must be able to produce a copy of his “oath of
office” on demand, and has no jurisdiction without it.
A fantasy that appeals to tax protesters and other nuts who want
to make the government jump through hoops, and a fantasy without any
basis in fact.
“Conces next challenges the district court’s
subject matter jurisdiction over this case, in light of the district
judge’s failure to comply with his demand to produce certain
“oaths of office.” Yet, the statutes upon which he
principally relied in advancing this same jurisdictional challenge in
the court below, 5 U.S.C. §§ 2906 and 3331, apply by their
terms only to individuals “elected or appointed to an office of
honor or profit in the civil service or uniformed services,”
5 U.S.C. § 3331 (emphasis added), and not to judicial officers.
See Miller v. Johnson, 541 F. Supp. 1165, 1171 (D.D.C. 1982). While
federal judges have an analogous statutory obligation to take an oath
before performing the duties of their office, see 28 U.S.C. §
453, nothing in this statute (or elsewhere in the law) requires that
a district judge demonstrate to the satisfaction of a litigant in a
particular case that he or she has taken this oath. Nor has Conces
suggested any reason why a district court’s subject matter
jurisdiction over each case on its docket should hinge upon the
district judge’s ability or willingness to provide the parties
with such proof of his or her compliance with § 453.
Accordingly, the district court properly rejected this jurisdictional
challenge as frivolous.[Note 13]”
United States v. Charles Conces, No. 07-1343 (11/16/2007),
(order of civil contempt affirmed) (Note 13 stated in part: “[W]e
understand that other websites in the nether regions of the Internet
advocate this same tactic — i.e., demanding that federal judges
establish their jurisdiction by producing copies of various oaths —
as well as more generally urging litigants, particularly in tax
cases, to challenge the authority of federal judges. We do not wish
to dignify or draw undue attention to such websites by naming them
here. We hope, nonetheless, that our opinion in this case will help
speed the demise of this particular ‘urban legend.’”).
[Return to Table of Contents]
A name that is written all in capital
letters (as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in
mixed case (upper and lower case).
Desperate to come up with some reason why they should not be
required to defend the lawsuit against them, some nuts argue that the
name in the caption in not their name because it is written in all
capital letters.
The claim is sometimes that a name that is all capital letters is
not the name of the human taxpayer but the name of an artificial
entity, sometimes referred to as a “straw man,” which has
the same name but which is a separate artificial “juristic
person” created by the taxpayer’s birth certificate or
other government action.
Some courts have actually addressed this nonsense:
“Defendant Glenn Stinson argues that the case
should be dismissed or “quashed” on the grounds that: ...
4) GLENN STINSON and NAOMI STINSON, as spelled in all capital letters
in the caption of this case, are “tombstone names,” and
therefore, are “nonliving persons” who have never
conducted any business in Oklahoma; .... “Defendant
Glenn Stinson purports to be confused as to whether the Government’s
complaint in this proceeding is directed at “Glenn Stinson and
Naomi Stinson” or against “GLENN STINSON and NAOMI
STINSON.” The difference between the fully capitalized and the
first-letter capitalized versions of the Defendants’ names is
immaterial, and provides no defense to the claims asserted by the
Government.”
United States v. Glen H. Stinson et al., 2005 TNT 160-2,
No. CIV-03-50-R (U.S.D.C. W.D.Okla. 7/22/2005) (tax assessments
reduced to judgment and fraudulent conveyances set aside).
“Plaintiff also contends that the person
designated as “MOGI JASON ROFICK” in all capital letters
on the IRS notices is a fictitious entity created by the IRS with the
purpose of taking title to his property as his name is “Mogi
Jason Rofick,” designated by both capital and lower case
letters. The Court finds this argument to be frivolous.”
Mogi J. Rofick v. Commissioner, 87 AFTR2d ¶2001-1003,
2001 TNT 112-95, No. 00-CV-74333-DT (U.S.D.C. E.D.Mich. 5/9/2001)
(complaint to abate taxes dismissed).
“In his various motions to strike, plaintiff
seeks to have the court strike a number of the United States’
filings from the record of this case, on the basis that these filings
are ‘directed to a person not a party to this instant case.’
More specifically, plaintiff complains that the United States’
filings have been directed to a person named CRIS TIMOTHY HILLMAN,
whose name is spelled in bold, capital letters, in contrast with
plaintiff’s name, which is spelled in upper and lower case
letters, which are, according to him ‘proper English.’
[Footnote omitted] Plaintiff contends that the person CRIS TIMOTHY
HILLMAN ‘is either a dead person or a corporate fiction’
who is not a party to this case.“To the extent that the
mere usage of a boldface font or all capital letters may be
considered a misspelling of plaintiff’s name -- a proposition
which the court seriously doubts -- it is an error which is purely
technical in nature. In some instances, the law will not countenance
technical errors. However, the misspelling of a party’s name on
a pleading or filing in an action in a United States District Court
is not one of those instances. Such an error in this situation must
be considered one of form not substance, and assuming that a party
receives the document containing the misspelling and realizes it is
directed to him, no reason exists not to hold that party to have
notice of the document’s contents. Here, plaintiff must have
received the documents containing the alleged misspellings, for he
has moved to strike them. Because they were sent to his address,
contained the case caption, and were identified by the correct case
number, the court finds that he must have realized they were directed
to him -- how could he not recognize this? In summary, because the
manner in which plaintiff’s name is spelled, printed, or
punctuated on filings in this case does not, in the court’s
view, impact on the substance of the pleadings, the court denies
plaintiff’s motions to strike as meritless.”
Cris Timothy, Hillman v. Secretary of Treasury, 85 AFTR2d
¶2000-707, 2000 TNT 111-13, No. 1:99cv136 (U.S.D.C. W.D. Mich.
3/28/2000).
“Wright brings what he has labeled a ‘motion
to dismiss for plaintiff’s lack of standing and misjoinder of
parties.’ First, he contends that since the amended complaint
states that this action is brought against ‘FLOYD A. WRIGHT’
and his name is ‘Floyd A. Wright’, he is not the proper
defendant. ... These arguments are patently frivolous and the motion
is thus summarily DENIED.”
United States v. Wright, 83 A.F.T.R.2d 99-533, KTC
1998-630, No. S-94-1183 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Cal. 1998), (action by United
States to reduce assessed taxes to a judgment against the defendant).
See also, United States v. Furman, 168 F. Supp. 2d 609
(E.D. La. 2001) (rejecting criminal defendant’s contention that
he was not properly identified in federal government documents that
misspelled his name or used his properly spelled name in all capital
letters); United States v. Lindsay, 184 F.3d 1138, 1144 (10th
Cir.), cert. denied, 528 U.S. 981 (1999),(affirming a district court
decision not to reduce a tax protester’s prison sentence
because, among other things, the tax protester claimed not to be the
person named in the court documents); Wilcox v. Commissioner,
848 F.2d 1007, 1008 (9th Cir. 1988) (calling “baseless”
defendant’s contention that the indictment must be dismissed
because his name, spelled in capital letters, “is a fictitious
name used by the government to tax him improperly as a business”);
United States v. Washington, 947 F.Supp. 87, 92 (S.D.N.Y.
1996); United States v. Feinstein, 717 F.Supp. 1552, 1557
(S.D.Fla. 1989).
In Rev.
Rul. 2005-21, 2005-14 I.R.B. 822, the IRS rejected the claim that
there might be a “straw man” separate from the individual
taxpayer, and confirmed that arguments concerning the formatting of a
taxpayer’s in capital letters are “frivolous” and
can result in civil and criminal penalties.
The claim that “[a] taxpayer is not obligated to pay income
tax because the government has created an entity separate and
distinct from the taxpayer—a ‘straw man’—that
is distinguishable from the taxpayer by some variation of the
taxpayer’s name, and any tax obligations are exclusively those
of the ‘straw man,’ or similar arguments described as
frivolous in Rev.
Rul. 2005-21, 2005-14 I.R.B. 822“ has been identified by
the IRS as a “frivolous position” that can result in a
penalty of $5,000 when asserted in a tax return or included in
certain collection-related submissions. Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
Related topics:
The income tax applies only to government
employees and corporate officers.
The income tax applies only to corporations.
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
Legalistic gibberish.
Putting a comma or colon between your first
and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
I have copyrighted my name, so no
government agency or court can use it without my permission, and I
can collect damages from them if they use my name without my
permission.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
I can pay taxes (or other debts) using
"bills of exchange" that draw on a Treasury account opened
with my Social Security number.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Putting a comma or colon between your
first and last names shows that you are a freeman not subject to
governmental authority.
Some of the stranger fringe elements of the tax protest movement
actually believe that their legal status changes in some way if they
insert additional punctuation within their names.
The most common action is to put a comma between the first and
last names, so that “John Smith” becomes “John,
Smith.” This kind of nonsense is usually just ignored.
“Plaintiffs have inserted commas between their
first and last names. See Complaint. As this punctuation serves no
purpose other than obfuscation or evasion to avoid responsibility,
standard punctuation is used herein to identify the three named
Plaintiffs ...”
Glen D. Bell et al. v. United States, 2002 TNT 105-13, No.
CIV F 02-5142, Note 1 (U.S.D.C. E.D.Cal. 4/23/2002) (action to
discharge federal tax lien).
However, some cranks have gotten even more creative, inserting
hyphens and colons within their names. For example, one Canadian tax
protester insists that his name is not “Thomas Joseph Kennedy”
but “Thomas-Joseph: Kennedy.”
As one magistrate judge has remarked, “The use of a hyphen
or colon (the punctuation mark) in names is typical of tax protester
and militia groups.” Audio Investments v. Robertson,
2002 TNT 68-13, Note 2, No. 8:00-2847-20 (U.S.D.C. S.C. 1/25/2002).
However, exactly why they do it remains something of a
mystery.
Related topics:
There is a difference between the “United
States” and the “United States of America.”
There is a difference between “United
States District Courts” and “District Courts of the
United States.”
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of words.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
I have copyrighted my name, so no
government agency or court can use it without my permission, and I
can collect damages from them if they use my name without my
permission.
Using zipcodes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
[Return to Table of Contents]
I have copyrighted my name, so no
government agency or court can use it without my permission, and I
can collect damages from them if they use my name without my
permission.
The premise is wrong, because you can’t copyright a mere
name, because it’s only two or three words and that is not
enough to be protected as an “original work of authorship.”
According to the U.S. Copyright Office, which administers federal
copyright law, “titles, names, short phrases, and slogans”
are among the things that are generally not eligible for copyright
protection. See Circular
1, Copyright Basics (U.S. Copyright Office Rev:07/2008).
And the conclusion can’t be right, because it would be
ridiculous for a federal law like copyright law to provide a way to
block all enforcement of all federal laws.
Only one court reference has been found to this kind of claim. In
finding a business owner in contempt of court for willfully violating
an injunction ordering him to file and pay employment taxes, the
court noted that despite previous monetary sanctions the business
owner had continued to file “frivolous documents,”
including one that “threatened to charge the Court and the
United States $500,000 for using his ‘copyrighted’ name.”
United States v. Walter A. Thompson et al., No.
S-03-1532-FCD-GGH, 2004 TNT 79-13, n. 13 (U.S.D.C. E.D. Cal.
3/5/2004).
It should also be noted that this argument is the opposite of most
other arguments about “federal jurisdiction,” because
most other arguments are based on the idea that federal laws don’t
apply to you until you take advantage of a federal law or federal
program, such as by using a zip code or applying for a Social
Security number. But this argument takes the opposition approach and
concludes that you can avoid the application of federal laws by
applying for rights under another federal law, the copyright law.
Related topics:
Ignoring the ordinary meaning of
words.
A belief in the “magic” of words.
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
[Return to Table of Contents]
Using zip codes on the mail you send, or
accepting mail with zip codes, is what subjects you to federal
jurisdiction.
There really do seem to be people who believe that the use of zip
codes confers federal jurisdiction where none would otherwise exist,
so to remain outside the federal income tax (and other federal laws)
it is important not to use zip codes or accept any mail containing a
zip code.
One popular text that has been quoted and copied throughout the
Internet states:
“It is this writer’s opinion, both as a
result of study, e.g. of page 11 of the National Area ZIP Code
Directory; of 26 U.S.C. 7621; of Section 4 of the Federal Register,
Volume 51, Number 53, of Wednesday, March 19, 1986, Notices at pages
9571 through 9573; of Treasury Delegation Order (TDO) 150-01; of the
opinion in United States v. LaSalle National Bank, 437 U.S. 298, 308,
98 S.Ct.2d 2357, 57 L.Ed.2d 221 (1978); of 12 U.S.C. 222; of 31
U.S.C. 103; and as a result of my actual experience, that a ZIP Code
address is presumed to create a “Federal jurisdiction” or
“market venue” or “revenue districts” that
override State boundaries, taking one who uses such modes of address
outside of a State venue and its constitutional protections and into
an international, commercial venue involving admiralty concerns of
the “United States”, which is a commercial corporation
domiciled in Washington, D.C.”
Not explained is why accepting any United States mail, with or
without zip codes, does not also confer federal jurisdiction. After
all, the United States Postal Service is a federal agency and
accepting a federal benefit or using a federal government service is
what is supposed to trigger federal jurisdiction.
The author is not aware of any court actually taking the time to
refute this nonsense.
Related topics:
The income tax cannot apply to citizens
outside of the District of Columbia, the territories of the United
States, and the forts and military bases of the United States,
because the federal government has no jurisdiction outside of those
“federal areas.”
A name that is written all in capital letters
(as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in mixed
case (upper and lower case).
[Return to Table of Contents]
I can pay taxes (or other debts)
using "bills of exchange" that draw on a Treasury account
created with my Social Security number.
There are some claims that are so ridiculous that one feels
foolish even writing or talking about them, and this is one of them.
A “bill of exchange” is a real type of negotiable
instrument, similar to a check that is drawn on a bank. If tax
protesters had submitted bills of exchange to the IRS in payment of
taxes and the bills of exchange had been drawn against real bank
accounts, there wouldn’t be much of a problem. But tax
protesters aren’t drawing against a real account, but a
fictitious account that they believe is the result of the government
owing them money for some reason.
In one of the more fantastic variations on this theme, it has been
claimed that the United States actually went bankrupt in the 1930s
and pledged its own citizens as collateral in order to borrow money
and keep operating. Each collateralized citizen is now represented by
a secret account at the U.S. Treasury, each account is worth hundreds
of thousands of dollars, and it is possible to pay taxes and other
debts by redeeming money from this account, but only if you use the
right forms.
Now read that last paragraph out loud and see if you don’t
feel foolish.
In Revenue
Ruling 2004-31, 2004-1 C.B. 617, the IRS describes several
different variations of these “redemption” claims, and
warns of the consequences of acting on these kinds of claims, such as
criminal prosecution for tax evasion.
And there are many cases of people acting on this nonsense and
being prosecuted.
In United States v. Heath, 525 F.3d 451 (6th Cir. 2008),
the defendant sent “registered bills of exchange” that
looked like certified check but was drawn on “John W. Snow,
Trustee” (Mr. Snow was then Secretary of the Treasury) and was
convicted of both willfully attempting to evade the payment of tax
and presenting a fictitious financial instrument in violation of er
18 U.S.C. § 514(a). At his trial, Heath described the bill of
exchange as a “set off” because “you can ask the
Secretary of the Treasury to set up an account for you for the IRS,
send this bill to the accountant and the bill off to the bankruptcy
in the United States, and they promise to pay the debt, and it is all
in the master plan, whatever is in the 1933 bankers act....”
United States v. Anderson, 353 F.3d 490, 500 (6th Cir.
2003), cert. denied, 541 U.S. 1068 (2004) upheld criminal
convictions relating to a conspiracy involving the creation and
offering of almost 200 fictitious sight drafts purporting to be drawn
on the United States Treasury with an aggregate face value of more
than $550 million.
In United States v. Oehler, 2003 WL 1824967 (D. Minn. Apr.
2, 2003), aff’d, 116 Fed. Appx. 43 (8th Cir. 2004), the jury
convicted Oehler of 30 counts of presenting a fictitious obligation
with intent to defraud. As part of his defense, he testified that he
believed that every citizen has an account with the United States
Treasury containing hundreds of thousands of dollars and that those
funds can be accessed using sight drafts drawn on the Treasury.
In November 2008, a federal jury convicted Winfield Thomas and
Jeanne Herrington, who promoted bogus “Bills of Exchange,”
of conspiracy to impede the IRS. Herrington was also convicted of
corruptly interfering with the administration of the internal revenue
laws. Thomas and Herrington claimed taxpayers could use the “Bills
of Exchange” to pay their tax liabilities. Thomas was sentenced
to 30 months imprisonment and three years of supervised release.
Herrington was sentenced to 96 months imprisonment and three years of
supervised release. See
http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2009/May/09-tax-532.html.
In August 2009, Rodney K Justin, a North Carolina doctor was
convicted of four counts of corruptly obstructing the administration
of the internal revenue laws for sending “Bills of Exchange,”
fictitious financial instruments, to the IRS as payment for over
$350,000 in taxes. See
http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2009/August/09-tax-879.html
One of the principal promoters of the use of bills of exchange
against the IRS was Eddie Ray Kahn, who was enjoined from continuing
to sell forms of fictitious instruments. United States v. Eddie
Ray Kahn et al., No. 5:03-cv-436-Oc-10GRJ (M.D.Fl. 12/29/2003);
http://www.justice.gov/tax/prtax/txdv03730.htm.
Later, he was criminally prosecuted and convicted of conspiring to
defraud the United States and mail fraud. United State v. Eddie
Ray Kahn et al., No. 1:08-cr-00271-RCL-1 (U.S.D.C. D.C.
5/26/2010); http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2010/May/10-tax-620.html.
Related topics:
A name that is written all in capital
letters (as in a court caption) is not the same as a name written in
mixed case (upper and lower case).
I am not a “person” within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code.
[Return to Table of Contents]
More About Tax Protesters
A “tax protester” is
only someone classified as a “tax protester” by the
Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the IRS definition of
“tax protester.”
The IRS at one time had an internal policy for the classification
of some taxpayers as “tax protesters” with the added
criterion of an “ostensible” expression of
dissatisfaction with the tax system. The Internal Revenue Manual,
Audit, § 4293.11, defined “tax protester” as
“any individual who advocates and/or uses a ‘tax protest
scheme,’” and defined “tax protest scheme” as
“an scheme without basis in law or fact for the ostensible
purpose of expressing dissatisfaction with the substance, form, or
administration of the tax laws by either interfering with such
administration or attempting to illegally avoid or reduce tax
liabilities.”
The “illegal tax protester” designation by the IRS was
sometimes applied inappropriately, and led to complaints about unduly
harsh treatment of taxpayers who were not really protesting or
evading taxes. As a result, section 3707 of the Internal Revenue
Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998, P.L. 105-206, prohibits
the officers and employees of the IRS from designating any taxpayer
“as illegal tax protesters (or any similar designation).”
However, the IRS has taken the position that the act does not
prohibit the IRS from maintaining a database of people who file tax
returns that have been classified as “frivolous” and
subject to the frivolous return penalty under I.R.C. section 6702.
See SCA 200107034, 2000 TNT 34-61 (11/15/2000).
So the IRS no longer has any definition of “tax protester.”
But the IRS never had authority over the use or application of the
English language and the phrase “tax protester” has been
commonly applied to people who refuse to file returns or pay taxes
because of ridiculous and far-fetched arguments against the validity
or application of the tax laws, and continues to be used by the
courts to describe those kinds of arguments. (See the discussion of
the term “tax protester”
at the beginning of this FAQ.)
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
[Return to Table of Contents]
What penalties can be imposed on tax
protesters?
Believing that the income tax is unconstitutional or invalid is
not a crime, and neither is publishing misinformation about the
federal income tax. As one court so aptly put it:
“The government may not prohibit the holding of
these beliefs, but it may penalize people who act on them.”
Coleman v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 68, 69 (7th Cir. 1986).
But acting on tax protester beliefs by filing false or frivolous
returns, or by failing to file any return at all, can be penalized
and the cases against tax protesters usually include one or more of
the following civil or criminal penalties:
A failure to file an income tax return when due, or a failure
to pay the tax when due, results in a civil penalty of 5% per month
(not to exceed a total of 25%). I.R.C. section 6651. It has also
been held that a frivolous return (see below) is not be a “return”
within the meaning of the tax law, and so the tax protester can end
up having to pay penalties for failing to file a return in addition
to the penalty for filing a frivolous return (described below).
A willful failure to file an income tax return is a crime
punishable a fine of not more than $25,000 and imprisonment of not
more than one year, or both. I.R.C. section 7203. This criminal
penalty is in addition to the civil penalty under section 6651.
Before 2007, I.R.C. section 6702 allowed the IRS to impose a
$500 civil penalty against any individual who files a return which
is incorrect on its face, or from which a tax cannot be calculated,
if the return is based on “a position which is frivolous.”
or a desire to impede the administration of the federal income tax.
This penalty was often imposed against tax protesters who file
returns with that are blank, contain nothing but zeroes, contain
frivolous claims regarding what is “income,” or are not
signed under penalties of perjury. Section 407 of Tax Relief and
Health Care Act of 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-432, 120 Stat. 2922 (2006),
amended section 6702 to increase the amount of the penalty for
frivolous tax returns from $500 to $5,000 and to impose a penalty of
$5,000 on any person who submits a “specified frivolous
submission” in connection with a collection due process
hearing under section 6320 or 6330 or an application an installment
agreement (section 6159), offer in compromise (section 7122), or
taxpayer assistance order (section 7811). However, the IRS must
publish a list of the positions that are “frivolous” in
order to impose the penalty, and the IRS published the first list in
Notice
2007-30, 2007-14 I.R.B. 883.
I.R.C. section 6653(a) imposes a penalty of five percent of
any underpayment of tax due to “careless, reckless, or
intentional disregard” of rules or regulations.
I.R.C. section 6653(b) allows the IRS to assess a civil
penalty of 75% of any underpayment of tax due to fraud. If there is
a fraud penalty imposed, then there is no penalty for negligence
(section 6653(a)) or failure to file or pay (section 6651).
I.R.C. section 6673 allows the Tax Court to assess damages of
up to $25,000 against taxpayers who file petitions in Tax Court that
are “frivolous or groundless.” All of the arguments
described in this FAQ have been described as “frivolous or
groundless” by the Tax Court, resulting in penalties against
tax protesters.
A willful attempt to evade the income tax is a crime
punishable a fine of not more than $100,000 and imprisonment of not
more than five years, or both. I.R.C. section 7201. This criminal
penalty is in addition to the civil penalty for fraud under section
6653(b).
These penalties are all in addition to the interest that will be
imposed on underpayments of tax, and there is also interest on the
penalties once the penalty has been assessed.
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code makes an
ordinary citizen liable for the income tax.
Nothing in the Internal Revenue Code requires an
ordinary citizen to file a return.
There is no requirement to apply for (or use) a
Social Security number.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “zero return” along with a
statement explaining why I am not liable for any income tax.
I can comply with the law, and avoid any tax
liability, by filing a “tax statement” instead of a tax
return.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Why do tax protesters keep violating the laws,
and keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and
have no valid arguments?
If the assertions addressed in this FAQ are so ridiculous, why do
people believe them?
One answer, and simplest answer, is greed. People would rather
have more money than less, and the appeal of not paying income taxes
is enough to make at least some people believe almost anything.
The Seventh Circuit made the following observation in one case:
“Some people believe with great fervor
preposterous things that just happen to coincide with their
self-interest. ‘Tax protesters’ have convinced themselves
that wages are not income, that only gold is money, that the
Sixteenth Amendment is unconstitutional, and so on. These beliefs all
lead--so tax protesters think--to the elimination of their obligation
to pay taxes.” Coleman v. Commissioner, 791 F.2d 68, 69
(7th Cir. 1986).
Pure self-centered avarice can explain the initial appeal of tax
protester arguments, but why do tax protesters become so mindlessly
devoted to their beliefs? In many cases, judges have taken the time
in pre-trial conferences to explain to tax protesters that they are
totally wrong, and that if they persist with their arguments, the
judge will not only rule against them but will sanction them (i.e.,
impose a fine) for wasting court time with their nonsense. And yet
the tax protesters persist. Why?
Why, after losing cases, do tax protesters continue to argue the
same claim in a different court? Or why, having lost one case using
one preposterous claim, do they switch allegiance to a different
preposterous claim and go back into battle with the IRS?
Consider the plight of Lorin Sloan as described by the 7th Circuit
Court of Appeals:
“Like moths to a flame, some people find
themselves irresistibly drawn to the tax protestor movement’s
illusory claim that there is no legal requirement to pay federal
income tax. And, like the moths, these people sometimes get burned.
Lorin G. Sloan believed these claims and because he acted upon them
now faces four months in a federal prison; there can be little doubt
that he has been burned.[. . . .]“The real
tragedy of this case is the unconscionable waste of Mr. Sloan’s
time, resources, and emotion in continuing to pursue these wholly
defective and unsuccessful arguments about the validity of the income
tax laws of the United States. Despite our rejection of Mr. Sloan’s
legal analysis of the tax laws, we are not unmindful of the sincerity
of his beliefs. On the other hand, we are less sure of the sincerity
of the professional tax protestors who promote their views in
literature and meetings to persons like Mr. Sloan, yet are unlikely
ever to face the type of penalties incurred by him. It may be that
our decision will not alter Mr. Sloan’s views regarding the tax
laws of this country, for he has stated that if we affirm his
conviction without applying the law as he understands it, our
decision will be ‘a sham to which I WILL NOT SUBMIT.’ It
may also be that serving his sentence in prison will not alter Mr.
Sloan’s view. We hope this pessimistic assessment is
incorrect.”
United
States v. Sloan, 939 F.2d 499 (7th Cir. 1991), cert. den. 112
S.Ct. 940 (1992).
My own observations of tax protesters lead me to believe that the
actions of tax protesters are driven by emotional or psychological
needs that are more complicated than simple greed, and that the
“arguments” they present to the IRS and the courts are
really nothing but elaborate rationalizations (or delusions) that
they have constructed in order to avoid a reality that they are
unable to accept. Sometimes the unacceptable reality is a sense of
personal financial failure. Unable to accept the idea that their own
incomes (or the lack thereof) might be the result of their own lack
of skill or effort, or a matter of impersonal economics, tax
protesters instead decide that the income tax system is the problem
and begin finding reasons why it should not exist. In other cases,
the unacceptable reality may be a moral or legal failure. An unhappy
encounter with the government, such as a bad result in a divorce or a
child custody dispute, or even something as minor as a speeding
ticket, can lead to a belief that the government is broken, corrupt,
or otherwise dysfunctional, which can then lead to a fixation on the
federal tax system as symbolic of that dysfunction. In the case of
almost every persistent tax protester, there is some personal,
financial, or legal trauma or crisis that precedes the tax
protester’s obsession with the tax system.
My belief is very well illustrated by the case of Irwin Schiff.
Schiff originally sold investments and insurance and became
unwittingly involved in a Ponzi scheme which resulted large financial
losses for himself and his clients. He became depressed by his
business failure and was diagnosed and treated for bipolar disorder.
It was only following his business failure that Schiff began
developing his theories about the tax laws and began writing his
first book about taxes and the government. Schiff has faced the
government in court many times, both in criminal prosecutions for his
failure to file income tax returns and in civil actions to assess and
collect taxes, and Schiff has lost every time. In pleadings filed in
federal court, Schiff himself cited this history of failure, as well
as the opinions of a lawyer, a psychiatrist, and a psychologist, as
evidence that his actions were irrational and the result of a “mental
disease or defect,” so that he is unable to act “willfully”
within the meaning of the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
relating to tax fraud. “Defendant
Irwin A. Schiff’s Opposition to United States’ Motion for
Summary Judgment,” United States v. Schiff, No.
CV-S-01-0895 (D.C. Nev. 1/21/2004).
So all Schiff needs is treatment? No, as the report of Schiff’s
psychologist explains (quoted in the brief in opposition):
“For the most part, personality disorders do not
respond to treatment and are believed to be characterological in
nature. ... [Schiff’s] belief system is not under voluntary
control. Individuals suffering from Delusional Disorder have little
or no ability to alter their beliefs. ... In short, Mr. Schiff’s
behavior is not rational. It is the product of a Delusional
Personality Disorder that is not amenable to treatment and is
unlikely to remit.”
The symptoms identified as evidence of Schiff’s mental
disease are the same symptoms exhibited by many tax protesters,
namely an obsession with the tax laws, an irrational belief in the
correctness of their own position despite all evidence to the
contrary, and a willingness to go to prison and suffer financial ruin
rather than cooperate with the tax system. And, like Schiff, they
will not learn from their mistakes, but will argue, and litigate, and
go on “fighting” their entire lives, usually ruining
their lives in the process. And there is very little than anyone can
do about it.
Another example is that of Robert B. Clarkson, a disbarred lawyer
who has been convicted and imprisoned three times for tax-related
crimes (including preparation of false tax returns and conspiracy to
impede the administration of the tax laws), as well as for criminal
contempt for continuing to engage in the authorized practice of law.
In a recent action by the United States to enjoin Clarkson from any
further tax schemes, Clarkson responded to the government’s
motion for summary judgment and included a paragraph that questioned
his own mental competence.
“8. The DOJ [Department of Justice] knows very
well that Clarkson is a mental casualty of the Vietnam War, is unable
to cope in a normal society and finds the incessant battles with the
beau racy [sic] a form of therapy. They use these facts when it suits
their purposes as sending Clarkson to Butner [a federal corrections
complex in North Carolina] and justifying their frequent jailing of
him. The Veterans Administration has acknowledged that Clarkson has
an unusually severe mental problem from his combat experiences and
uses some unusual coping mechanisms.”
United States v. Clarkson, No. 8:05cv2734, Entry 59
(U.S.D.C. S.C. 11/14/2006).
Clarkson might simply be trying to evade responsibility for his
actions, but he may also be aware that his behavior is not normal.
Lawyers for Robert Kahre have claimed that he suffers from a
“mental disease or defect” that would support the
conclusion that Kahre has a “good faith belief that he [is]
acting in accordance with the law,” negating a conclusion that
he acted “willfully.” United States v. Robert David
Kahre, No. CR-S-05-0121-RCJ (U.S.D.C. D.Nev. 2/20/2008).
Along similar lines, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals has
affirmed that tax protester beliefs may be evidence of a mental
disability that makes a defendant incompetent to stand trial:
“After his indictment on charges related to tax
evasion, Wooten was released on an unsecured bond. He subsequently
appeared before the district court when ordered to do so, but his
participation in the district court proceedings was defined by his
insistence on responding to virtually every question with arcane,
pseudo-legal jargon commonly associated with tax protestor
literature. He also repeatedly proclaimed his beliefs that the
federal government is bankrupt, the Department of the Navy runs the
country under Admiralty Law and the Uniform Commercial Code, the
Internal Revenue Service is really a foreign debt collector based in
Puerto Rico and that Wooten, who lives in Nashville, is not actually
a resident of the United States. Wooten also filed volumes of
pleadings, many signed only with his thumb print, that the district
court found virtually indecipherable. Faced with these abnormalities,
the district court, fearing that Wooten might not be competent to
assist in his own defense, ordered a competency evaluation.”
United States v. Roy W. Wooten, 2004 TNT 87-15, No. 02-6534
(6th Cir. 4/29/2004), (holding that finding of incompetency was
supported by the opinion of a neuropsychologist “as well as the
court’s own observations of Wooten throughout the pre-trial
proceedings”).
The “symptoms” exhibited by Wooten are the same
“symptoms” exhibited by most die-hard tax protesters, and
are also similar to the symptoms described for narcissistic
personalty disorder:
What the narcissist is unable to work out through
fantasy is simply repressed, put out of mind and kept from awareness.
Beyond these, narcissists invent alibis, excuses, and “proofs”
that seem [to themselves] plausible and consistent, and convince them
of their continued stature and perfection. These flimsily
substantiated rationalizations are offered with an air of confidence
and authority. As noted earlier, however, narcissists may never have
learned to be skillful at public deception; they usually said and did
what they liked without a care for what others thought. Their poorly
conceived rationalizations may, therefore, fail to bring relief and,
more seriously, may evoke scrutiny and deprecating comments from
others. At these times narcissists may be pushed to the point of
employing projection as a defense. Unable to disentangle themselves
from lies and inconsistencies, and driven by their need to maintain
their illusion of superiority, they may begin to turn against others,
accusing the latter of their own deceptions, their own selfishness,
and their own irrationalities.
Theodore Millon, Ph.D., “Disorders of Personality; DSM-III:
Axis II,” p. 168 (John Wiley & Sons, Inc. 1981).
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
I cannot be prosecuted for failing to file a
tax return if I have a good faith belief that the tax laws do not
apply to me.
Is tax protesting a cult?
The federal income tax is inapplicable, invalid,
unenforceable, or unconstitutional because [________________]?
[Return to Table of Contents]
Is tax protesting a cult?
Tax protesting certainly seems to have many of the characteristics
of a religious cult.
For example, a religious cult usually has at least some of the
following characteristics:
Cults claim a monopoly on truth (or salvation). So, for
example, members of a cult will believe that only their members are
saved, or will go to heaven, and that everyone on earth is damned.
Similarly, tax protesters believe that only they know the truth
about the federal income tax, and often believe that everyone who
disagrees with them is not only ignorant, but a “slave,”
“communist,” “statist” (meaing someone who
worships government like a religion), or “sheeple”
(meaning a sheep-like person).
Cult members are typically isolated from the rest of society,
either at the urging of the cult leader (who want to control the
thinking of the cult members) or because the cult members themselves
feel hostile or alienated from society. Similarly, promoters of tax
protester schemes typically tell their followers not to talk to
lawyers and accountants, and tax protesters themselves often
withdraw from family and friends as they become obsessed with their
tax battles.
Cult members may suffer from “cognitive dissonance”
as they find their beliefs leading them further and further from
reality. So, for example, a group that believes that the world will
end (or space aliens will come to rescue them from earth) on a
particular day will not change their beliefs when the expected event
does not occur, but will create new beliefs (and new expectations),
consist with the old beliefs, in order to explain the dissonance
between what they believe should have happened and what actually
happened. Similarly, tax protester who believe that they are correct
will not change their beliefs when they lose in court and are
convicted, sanctioned, and enjoined, but will simply make up a new
theory about why the courts are wrong or corrupt.
Cult members frequently engage in self-destructive behavior,
giving up fiends, family, spouses, money, and even their lives in
order to comply with the demands of their cult. For example, the
followers of Jim Jones, at “Jonestown” in Guyana,
committed mass suicide (and mass murder) at his urgings. Similarly,
tax protesters who have “drunk the kool-aid” will
continue to follow tax protester nonsense even as it leads them to
financial ruin and prison.
However, there are significant differences between religious cults
and tax protesting. Most religious cults are founded by charismatic
leaders, while the “gurus” of the tax protesting cult are
typically as charismatic as a damp dish rag. Most religious cults
also impose a very strict standard of thought and conduct, forcing
cult members to conform to various aspects of conduct, dress, speech,
and thought. However, most tax protesters are inherently anarchistic
and have a large number of different—and conflicting—beliefs
about exactly why the federal income tax is unconstitutional or
inapplicable. Tax protesters are therefore rarely able to form any
kind of a cohesive group large enough to call a “cult.”
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
The federal income tax is inapplicable, invalid,
unenforceable, or unconstitutional because [________________]?
[Return to Table of Contents]
The federal income tax is inapplicable,
invalid, unenforceable, or unconstitutional because
_________________________.
As explained above, most tax protesters are irrational,
delusional, or otherwise unable to understand that they are wrong
about the tax laws, so when one of their arguments lose, they simply
find another argument to reach the same conclusion (that the law is
inapplicable, invalid, unenforceable, or unconstitutional).
Even among tax protesters that might have some glimmer of
rationality there is a common belief that their positions are correct
and that all of the losses in court are due to “bad arguments.”
They therefore believe that, if the courts do not agree with them at
first, it is only because they have not yet used the right
combination of words to explain their argument. So, after a
particular claim loses for the twentieth or thirtieth time, one of
the less dim bulbs in the tax protester community comes up with a new
way of expressing the same idea using different words.
But regardless of the reason, arguing with tax protesters is like
playing “whack-a-mole.” As soon as you have slammed down
one crazy argument, another one pops its head up.
So this FAQ is not complete, and will never be complete. As you
are reading this, some crank with a defective grasp of law, history,
economics, and the English language is developing a new reason why
the income tax does not apply to him.
(This use of the pronoun “him” is not unconsciously
sexist. Most tax protesters are men, which suggests that feminists
might be right and women really are smarter than men.)
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
Why do tax protesters keeping violating the laws, and
keep litigating, even after it is clear that they have lost and have
no valid arguments?
Is tax protesting a cult?
Other web sites with information on tax protester
arguments.
[Return to Table of Contents]
Other web sites with information about tax
protester arguments.
The following web sites can provide additional information about
tax protester arguments and similar legal lunacies. (When known, the
name of the author or sponsor of the web page is shown in
parentheses.)
The
Truth About Frivolous Tax Arguments (Internal Revenue Service)
Quatloos! Scams and Frauds
Exposed (Jay D. Adkisson)
Tax Protester Dossiers
(administered by Daniel B. Evans)
Wikipedia
Tax Protest
Movement -- Extremism in America (Anti-Defamation League)
Idiot Legal
Arguments (Bernard J. Sussman)
Tax
Protester Movement - Still Batting Zero (Robert L. Sommers)
For
Would-Be Travellers on the Noncompliant Federal Income Tax Protester
Path (James Edward Maule)
Debunking
Conspiracy Myths (Damien Falgoust)
The
Real Titles of Nobility Amendment FAQ (Jol A. Silversmith)
Debunking
the Federal Reserve Conspiracy Theories (Edward
Flaherty)
FRAUDSandSCAMS.com:
Crimes of Persuasion - An Investigator’s Resource (William
E. Branscum)
The
Anti-Tax-Protestor (Brian D. Rookard)
Income
Tax: Voluntary or Mandatory? (Jonathan R. Siegel)
Tax Fool – The Truth
About Income Tax (Greg Williams)
According to one estimate, there were about 800 web sites (as of
early 2002) promoting tax protester arguments or selling materials
that will supposedly help citizens evade income taxes. I’m not
providing any links to any of those tax protester sites for the
simple reason that I don’t intend to give them any additional
publicity. But if you’re curious about whether these people are
really as crazy and incoherent as I’ve described them, you can
put words like “income tax” and “unconstitutional”
in any search engine and turn up several hundred of them.
Related topics:
What is the purpose of this FAQ?
What is a “tax protester”?
If you’re right, why don’t you claim
the $________ reward that [name of tax protester] is offering to
anyone who can show [insert tax protester gibberish here]?
[Return to Table of Contents]
Daniel
B. Evans, Attorney at Law P.O. Box 27370 Philadelphia,
PA 19118 Telephone: (215) 233-0988Email: dan@evans-legal.com