https://fisher.osu.edu/privacy-policy
Ohio State nav bar
Skip to main content
The Ohio State University
Help
BuckeyeLink
Map
Find People
Webmail
Search Ohio State
Menu
About
Programs
Undergraduate
Academics
Admissions
Future students
Leadership & Engagement
Honors
Specialized Master's Programs
Master of Accounting
Master of Business Logistics Engineering
Master of Business Operational Excellence
Master of Human Resource Management
Specialized Master in Business - Analytics
Specialized Master in Finance
Graduate Minor in Business in Health Sciences
Graduate Programs - MBA
Full-Time MBA
MBA For Working Professionals
Executive MBA
Dual Degrees
PhD Programs
PhD in Business Administration
PhD in Accounting & MIS
Executive Education
Executive MBA
Master of Business Operational Excellence
Custom Corporate Programs
Online & Open Enrollment
BRIGHT New Leaders for Ohio Schools
Student Global Programs
Departments & Research
Academic Departments
Accounting & Management Information Systems
Finance
Management & Human Resources
Management Sciences
Marketing & Logistics
Research
Forefront - Research & Insights
Faculty Directory
PhD Programs
Centers & Initiatives
Fisher Centers & Partnerships
National Center for the Middle Market
Nationwide Center for Advanced Customer Insights
The Risk Institute
Dice Center for Financial Economics
University Centers & Partnerships
Keenan Center for Entrepreneurship
Center for Innovation Strategies
Center for Operational Excellence
Ohio State Center for Real Estate
Leadership Initiative
Lead Read Today
Global Opportunities
Student Global Programs
Fisher Global Council
Diversity & Inclusion
Resources
Events
Careers & Recruiting
Access Handshake
Schedule Appointments
Recruiting Calendar
Career Fairs
Salary Data
Annual Reports
Find & Contact Us
Student Resources
Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Job Search Resources
Become QUIC
Undergrad Drop-in Resume Reviews
Student Policies
FCDC Report Your Plans
Employer Resources
Start Recruiting
Become a Corporate Sponsor
Setting Up Information Sessions
Hire Alumni
Employer Policies
Internship Services
Alumni Resources
News & Events
News
Newsroom
Alumni & Friends News
Forefront - Research & Insights
Events
Fisher Events Calendar
Alumni Events
FisherU - Undergraduate Events
Graduate Events Hub
Give
Students
Alumni & Friends
Corporate Partners
Faculty & Staff
Directory
Search
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
…
…
Home
Privacy Policy
Overview
Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of our website. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit any of the pages within the Fisher website.
Visitors under the age of 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personal identifying information to any page within the Fisher College of Business website.
Fisher College of Business is committed to ensuring the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information. We do not actively share personal information gathered from our Web servers. However, because Fisher College of Business is a public institution, some information collected from the website, including information from our server logs, e-mail delivered to our website, and information collected from Web-based forms, may be subject to the Ohio Public Records Act. This means that while we do not actively share information, in some cases we may be compelled by law to release information gathered from our Web servers.
Fisher College of Business also complies with The Ohio State University's policy concerning privacy and release of student education records.
What Information is Collected?
All Fisher College of Business Web pages use the Google Analytics service to track IP address information. This assists the college in improving functionality and content, and in monitoring the website's performance. Data is used to provide answers to specific questions about the usage and performance of the website or individual Web pages; however, no personally identifying information is collected during the process. Except as defined above, no IP address data is shared with parties external to the university. Google Analytics may also track non-identifying demographic data that it has access to, including age, gender, and affinity/interest categories.
Some pages within the Fisher College of Business website require personal information in order to provide online services. Personal information is gathered and stored in a secure manner to prevent monitoring or interception. Fisher College of Business and its designated online service providers do not share personal information with third parties except as defined above.
Like all other Web servers, Fisher College of Business Web servers automatically create log files for each visitor who accesses our website. These "access logs" allow us to make our website more useful to visitors. The access logs do not record a visitor's name, address, phone number, credit card numbers, or any other personal identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of machines which accessed our website
The date of the visit
The time of the visit
The path taken through our website
The browser being used
A list of files downloaded or viewed
Any errors encountered
All of the information collected by Fisher College of Business is used for internal purposes only and is not distributed to any other charitable, cultural, nonprofit organizations, or parties outside The Ohio State University.
Updates and Contact Information
Fisher College of Business, along with The Ohio State University, reserves the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of any Fisher College of Business Web pages constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
Disclaimer of Liability
The information contained in this policy explains the Internet privacy policy and practices that Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University has adopted for its official Web pages. In legal terms, it shall not be construed as a contractual promise, and the college reserves the right to amend it at any time without notice. Neither Fisher College of Business nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents, or individual trustees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained in the college website and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us via e-mail at webmaster@fisher.osu.edu.
©2020 Fisher College of Business
2100 Neil Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210
If you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this site,
please contact us for assistance via email at
fcob-accessibility@osu.edu.
Footer Menu
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Faculty & Staff
Web Admin Login
©2020 Fisher College of Business
2100 Neil Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43210