https://floydcountymuseum.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use.html
We don't collect or share personal information.
That's our privacy policy in a nutshell.
When you visit the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, we don't know who you are and there is no way to tie your activity together.
When you access the Floyd County Historical Museum web site (or any Web site), your Web browser automatically sends information about your computer, e.g. your User agent and IP address.
Because this information could be used to link you to your web activity, we do not log (store) it at all. This is a very unusual practice, but we feel it is an important step to protect your privacy.
It is unusual for a few reasons. First, most server software auto-stores this information, so you have to go out of your way not to store it. Second, most businesses want to keep as much information as possible because they don't know when it will be useful. Third, many web sites actively use this information, for example to show you more targeted advertising.
Another way that your internet activity is often tied together at other web sites is through browser cookies, which are pieces of information that sit on your computer and get sent to the web site on each visit. What web sites often do is store a unique identifier in your browser and then associate that identifier with your internet activity. At Floyd County Historical Museum, no cookies are used by default.
What web sites generally do when they anonymize data is get rid of part of your IP address or turn it into something that doesn't look exactly like an IP address. And they do the same thing for uniquely identifying cookies.
However, in many cases, this so-called anonymous data can still tie your web activity together, which can be used to reconstruct who you are and what you do online. Additionally, web sites usually are silent on what they do with the User agent, which has been shown to also have enough information to often be personally identifiable, especially if isolated to a particular web session (day).
Terms of Use
Ownership of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site; Agreement to Terms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use") apply to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site located at https://www.floydcountymuseum.org/, and all associated sites linked to https://www.floydcountymuseum.org/ by Floyd County Historical Museum. The Floyd County Historical Museum web site is the property of the Floyd County Historical Museum. BY USING THE FLOYD COUNTY HISTORICAL MUSEUM WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Floyd County Historical Museum reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Floyd County Historical Museum grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Floyd County Historical Museum web site.
Content
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, "Content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Floyd County Historical Museum web site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Floyd County Historical Museum, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Floyd County Historical Museum's express prior written consent.
You may use information on Floyd County Historical Museum web site (such as data sheets, knowledge base articles, and similar materials) purposely made available by the Floyd County Historical Museum web site for downloading from the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, provided that you (1) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Your use of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site
You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Floyd County Historical Museum reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or to any Floyd County Historical Museum server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, by hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any network connected to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any network connected to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, or any other customer of Floyd County Historical Museum, or exploit the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Floyd County Historical Museum web site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or Floyd County Historical Museum's systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or to Floyd County Historical Museum.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any transaction being conducted on the Floyd County Historical Museum web site, or with any other person’s use of the Floyd County Historical Museum web site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Floyd County Historical Museum on or through the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any service offered on or through the Floyd County Historical Museum web site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Floyd County Historical Museum web site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Floyd County Historical Museum or others.
Homepage
Our Collection
Make A Difference
Shop The Museum
About The Museum
Resources and Associations
Primary Email
Collections Technician Email
641-228-1099
500 Gilbert StreetCharles City, IA 50616