https://follett.com/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
PREK-12
Books & Materials
Classroom Books & Materials
Textbooks
Library Books
Digital Content
Early Learning
Makerspace
Technology
Library Management
Resource Management
Student Information System
Professional Services
Curriculum
Library
Textbook Management
New School & Library
Professional Development
Inspiration
Success Stories
Webinars/Podcasts
Solutions
District
School
Classroom
Library
Shop PreK-12
Library Materials
Classroom Materials - New & Pre-Owned
Hardware & Supplies
HIGHER ED
Follett Managed Stores
General Merchandise
Store Design
Tech & Integrations
Marketing & Research
Deliver Course Material
Follett Discover
BryteWave Digital Reader
Follett Access
IGNITE (Virtual Solution)
Solutions
Administrators
Retail Management
General Merchandise
Store Design
IGNITE (Virtual Solutions)
Follett Discover
BryteWave
Follett Access
Faculty
Follett Discover
BryteWave
Students
campus store online
Follett Discover
BryteWave
Shop Higher Ed
Campus Brands/Stores
Supplies and Accessories
LIBRARIES
Public Libraries
Retailers
International
Suppliers
ABOUT FOLLETT
About Us
Our Company
Our Story
Follett Values
Community Commitment
Careers
News & Press Releases
Contact Us
Our Locations
Our Locations
College Campus Stores
Trading Partners
Campus Store Locator
PreK-12 Solutions
Higher Education Solutions
About Follett Corporation
Company History
Leadership
Job/Career Center
Corporate Offices
Home
Follett Terms of Use & Privacy Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy (Higher Ed)
Privacy Policy (K12)
Privacy Policy (EU)
CA Consumers
Cookie Policy
Terms Of Use
Effective March 21, 2019
Last Updated January 22, 2020
Welcome to the U.S. websites, features, applications, store kiosks, widgets or online services that are owned or controlled by Follett Higher Education Group, Inc., Follett Higher Ed Group, Ltd., Advanced Graphic Products, Inc. (Advanced-Online), Follett School Solutions, Inc., or any affiliate or subsidiary companies (“Follett,” “we,” or “us”), including, but not limited to, follett.com, efollett.com, bkstr.com, skyo.com, merchorders.com, follettlearning.com, follettclassroom.com, follettcommunity.com, fes.follett.com, gofollett.com, titlewave.com, classbook.com, follettbooks.com, bookvolume.com, DestinyExpress.com, and all other online services or offerings (collectively, “Services”) that post a link to these Terms of Use (“Terms”). The Services include the online bookstores operated by Follett on behalf of universities, colleges, high schools and other primary and higher education institutions, online corporate stores operated by Follett on behalf of third party companies, as well as other online resources, Services, community forums, and contests or sweepstakes offered or operated by Follett.
1. Terms of Use:
These Terms apply to all users of the Services, but depending on the Services used by you, not all Terms may applicable. As a user of the Services (“you” or “your”), agree that these Terms are a binding contract that applies to all of your use of the Services and the products you purchase through the Services. You agree that you will comply with these Terms. If you do not agree with these Terms, you should not use our Services. Consent to receive text messages is not a condition of purchase.
These Terms are effective as of the effective date identified above. These Terms are subject to change, so we encourage you to periodically review the Terms posted on the Services. Any changes will be posted on this site and will govern the use of the Services, and purchases made through the Services, after such postings.
Additional or different terms may apply to some offerings on our Services, such as return policies for certain products or Services, contests, or sweepstakes. Those terms will be posted on the Services in connection with the relevant offering. If the other terms are inconsistent with these Terms, the other terms will govern for the relevant offering.
The Services may contain links to goods, services or content, including third-party stores where products may be available for purchase that are not under Follett's control. Follett is not responsible for the content of those offerings and will not be liable for any damages caused by your use of or reliance on such goods and services or content. You should be aware that different terms may apply to your use of those offerings and we are not responsible for purchases you make, and additional or different purchase terms may apply.
2. Restrictions on Use of Services:
By using the Services, you represent to us that you are (1) at least 18 years of age or are using the Services under the supervision of your parent or guardian, (2) able to enter into a binding contract, and (3) using the Services only as they are intended. All other use of the Services is prohibited.
3. Standards of Conduct:
To maintain the integrity of our Services and the user experience of all users of the Services, you agree not to misuse our Services or their content. For example, you must not do (or try to do) any of the following, or encourage or assist others to do any of the following:
Disrupt or interfere with the normal operation and navigation of the Services or the availability of the Services to other users.
Circumvent any measures we use to limit access to the Services or particular content available on the Services.
Access the Services using any unauthorized “robot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automated means.
Use a false name or contact information, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your identity, affiliation or the origin of materials you transmit.
Display the Services, or any of their content, in a “frame,” in connection with any other content or trademark, or in any other way that could potentially deprive us of revenue or falsely suggest a relationship between us and any third party.
Make any commercial use of the Services or their content, including collection or use of information concerning our product offerings, descriptions, images, prices and sales volumes.
Maintain any link to the Services from any commercial website, or maintain any other link that we ask you to remove.
Transmit to or through the Services any viruses, spyware, adware or other harmful code.
Disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any software or other technology used in or available through the Services.
Use the Services to advertise or promote any goods or services other than ours.
Use the Services to transmit or collect personal information about other users.
Use the Services, or any content from the Services, to advertise or solicit for any other person, entity or cause, or otherwise to compete with us or act illegally or maliciously against our business interests or reputation.
If you violate this Section, we may terminate your access to the Services, take other remedial actions, and seek any remedies permitted by law.
Confidentiality. You may, depending on your relationship with us, your use of the Services, or the types of transactions you engaged in with us,, come into contact with confidential information of Follett, including, but not limited to, trade secrets, methods, details about the Services or products offered, and business or marketing plans (“Confidential Information”). The Confidential Information is owned solely by Follett and is considered to be proprietary and confidential. You agree to hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence and take reasonable measures to keep it secure. Your agreements contained in this paragraph shall survive the termination your account, your use of the Services, and/or the expiration of these Terms.
4. Accounts:
Some of our Services offer you the opportunity to create a user account to access additional functionality such as making online purchases, or may require you to establish a user account to utilize a Service. This Section, “Accounts,” establishes additional terms that apply to such accounts.
You may only create and hold one account for each of the Services, and you may not use anyone else’s account. When we request information from you to set up an account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information. You also must update your account when information you have provided to us changes. To update your account information, click on the “Account” link or other applicable account settings on the relevant Services.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user account login names and passwords, and you must not permit use of your account by anyone else. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account, including product purchases made using your account. If you have reason to believe that someone is using your account without your permission, you should contact us immediately. We are not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from unauthorized use of your account.
You authorize us to use the contact information you provide us to communicate with you about your orders and our Services and products. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, through posting or email, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from us by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails.
We provide most of our products and services (e.g., Destiny, Aspen, IB Store, Follett Access, Axis 360) to end-users of an organization as a 'data processor' on behalf of our clients (i.e., colleges and universities, school districts, schools, libraries, and businesses). A data controller is a person, company, or other body that determines the purpose and means of personal data processing (this can be determined alone, or jointly with another person/company/body). It also means that your organization's privacy statement governs the use of your personal information (instead or ours). Please read your organization's privacy statement. Your organization determines what information we collect through our products, services and how it is used. We process your information according to your organization's instructions and the terms of our contracts with your organization.
We reserve the right to terminate your access to your account at any time, without notice, in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including but not limited to inactivity or misuse. If access to your account is terminated, you may lose access to any information stored in connection with your account, and any promotional account credits and any other forms of value that may be associated with your account. Upon termination, these Terms shall continue to apply to any other use of the Services that you are permitted to make.
You may disable your account at any time by contacting a customer service representative of the applicable Service. Your account will only be disabled after you have returned all books that have been rented to you (if any) and all transactions have been processed including payment of assessed penalties or the cashing of any refund check.
5. Mobile Services:
Some of the Services may have features of the Services targeted to users of wireless devices (“Mobile Features”), including an SMS and/or MMS messaging program (“Messaging Program”). Your wireless provider may charge for use of Mobile Features, including fees for receipt of text messages or data transmission. In order to receive Mobile Features, your wireless provider may require you to subscribe to additional services, which may require additional fees. These fees are not charged by us, and you should contact your wireless provider before you sign up for Mobile Features to determine what fees, if any, will be charged.
By signing up for a Messaging Program, you agree to receive up to five (5) SMS and/or MMS messages per week. We may use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send the text messages described above to the mobile phone number you use to opt in. Consenting to receive SMS and/or MMS messages is not a condition of purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Depending on your text plan you may be charged by your carrier. The service is a recurring message program.
To stop receiving messages, reply STOP to any message received. Once your telephone number is removed from our system, you will receive a final confirmation message and no further messages will be sent to your cell phone or mobile device.
By signing up for a Mobile Service, you agree that we may communicate with you (including, without limitation, by way of third-party messaging services) via SMS and/or MMS messaging to your mobile phone or device, and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Service may be communicated to us. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you agree to promptly update your account information to ensure that our messages intended for you are not sent to the person who acquires your old number. By signing up for a Mobile Service, including any Messaging Program, you agree to all of the other Terms laid out herein, including, but not limited to, Section 13 (Arbitration/Choice of Law) and Section 14 (Disclaimer/Limitation of Liability). You also agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
6. Purchases:
Some of our Services offer you the opportunity to order products. This Section, “Purchases,” states additional terms that apply to such orders.
Product Availability. Not all products are available in all styles, sizes, and colors.
Pricing and Availability. When you order a product, the price will be made clear during the order process. All prices are in U.S. Dollars, except where otherwise noted. You agree to pay the price that is stated in your order, as well as any applicable taxes and shipping expenses, where applicable. While we try to provide accurate pricing information on our Services, a price stated on a Service occasionally may be in error. If in processing your order we determine that the correct price is less than the stated price, we will charge you the lower price. If we determine that the correct price is higher than the stated price, we are not obligated to fulfill your order at the stated price. We will attempt to notify you using the contact information provided in connection with your order, and we will give you the choice to cancel your order or pay the correct price.
Course requirements (including updated data from publishers and changes in instructor preferences), pricing and availability are subject to change. We cannot guarantee that all items displayed will be in stock at the time of your order. With respect to items rented through our website, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you place an order.
Product Descriptions. We try to be accurate when we describe and depict products on our Services. However, with regard to clothing, certain measures and other descriptions are only approximate. We also cannot guarantee that images we provide will be displayed properly on your device, or that our product descriptions and images, including depictions of color, texture and proportions, will always be complete, reliable, current and error-free. If you purchase a product from one of our Services that you believe is not as described or depicted, you may return it to the extent provided in the applicable return policy described below.
Taxes. Rentals and purchases through the Services may be subject to taxes in certain states. Depending on your state and the nature of the product or service you receive from us, this may be a rental tax, sales tax and/or use tax. Tax rates are different from state to state. You are responsible for paying all such taxes.
Discounts and Promotions. The specific terms of any discounts or other promotions are stated at the time they are offered. Promotions cannot be combined unless we specifically state otherwise. Eligibility for any promotions is determined at the time of your order.
Clearance Items. Products designated as “clearance” items will not return to higher, prior selling prices, but the same items previously may have been offered at or below the current price. Clearance items may (1) be available in limited quantities and sizes, (2) remain on the Services for only short times, and (3) be unavailable in stores. Clearance items are not returnable or refundable.
Ordering. When you click the “Place Order” button on a Service, you make an offer to buy the relevant products. While we may confirm receipt and processing of orders by email, such confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of your order. We cannot guarantee that all items displayed on your order confirmation will be in stock at the time your order is shipped. We reserve the right to reject or cancel any order, in whole or in part, at any time prior to shipping. If we do, we will attempt to notify you using the contact information provided in connection with your order. You agree not to try to exceed stated quantity limits (except where specifically noted), violate the terms of any specific offer or promotion, or place orders through the Services if we have notified you that you are prohibited from placing orders through the Services.
Payment. We accept only the payment methods indicated on the Services. When you provide payment information, you represent that the information is accurate and that you are authorized to use the payment method provided. If your payment method has expired or is otherwise invalid when we try to charge it, you remain responsible for payment, and for all costs we incur in collecting any unpaid amounts, including, but not limited to, attorney and collections fees.
Shipping to our Retail Customers. Shipping options and applicable charges for our retail customers will be stated during the order process. The U.S. Postal Service delivers to P.O. boxes, but this method may delay your order. Please note that Next Business Day and 2nd Business Day shipping options are not available for delivery to P.O. boxes. For some campus or corporate on-site stores, items ordered online can be shipped to the store for free. Where available, the Delivery Options page will offer the option of “Store Pickup.” We will send you emails with updates on your order's status as they become available. Additional charges may apply for shipments to Alaska and Hawaii.
Stated shipping times and delivery estimates are only estimates and are not binding. If a product becomes unavailable between ordering and processing, we will cancel your order and attempt to notify you using the contact information provided in connection with your order. Legal title to products, and the risk of loss or damage to the products is transferred to you when products are provided to the carrier. You will be responsible for filing any claims with the carrier for damaged and/or lost shipments.
Shipping to our Wholesale Customers. Shipping to our institutional wholesale customers shall be subject to the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase or by the terms mutually agreed upon in writing by you and Follett.
International Shipping. Shipping to addresses outside the U.S. is available on a limited basis and may be subject to additional terms, fees, and restrictions. Such information will be provided during the checkout process. If you have any questions or require additional information about shipping to addresses outside the U.S. please contact us using the information in Section 17 below.
Returns. We hope you are happy with the products you purchase. However, most items we sell may be returned to us under certain circumstances, as explained in the return policy posted on the relevant Services. We reserve the right to refuse to issue a refund or credit, and the right to recover the cost of return delivery from you, if any product you return (1) is not eligible for return, in accordance with the relevant return policy or the terms of any specific offer or promotion, or (2) is found to have suffered damage after delivery to you, including as a result of having been misused by you. We take legal title to returned products only after they arrive and are processed at our designated returns location.
Return terms and policies may vary by Service (including by bookstore or corporate store). Please check the return policy of the Service where you are making a purchase for additional details. Where the Return terms and policies are different for a particular Service or bookstore or corporate store from what is state above in these Terms, those specific Return terms and policies will control.
Higher Education Customer Service Team contact: customerservice@efollett.com, or call 1-800-381-5151
Follett School Solutions (K12) Customer Support: 1-888-511-5114
Gift Certificates. Gift certificates purchased through the Services will be considered to have been purchased in and issued from the State of Illinois. Title and the risk of loss to such gift certificates pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the recipient.
7. Follett Brand-Specific Terms
Follett School Solutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the following shall apply to any orders submitted through a Follett School Solutions website. Upon shipment of your ordered items or completion of ordered services, Follett will issue you an invoice that will be payable net thirty days. Unless otherwise indicated, all prices are in U.S. dollars. Software products are sold subject to their applicable Software License Agreement. Hardware, scanners, scanning supplies and related products are sold subject to the manufacturer's warranty (if any) enclosed in manufacturer's packaging, unless an extended maintenance agreement has been purchased above and beyond the manufacturer's warranty. Follett reserves a purchase money security interest in any goods ordered on our site until such goods are paid for in full. All delivery is FOB your location. Prices are Follett's net prices to schools and libraries and are subject to change. Applicable sales tax will be added to your invoice unless you submit evidence of tax exemption. Stated shipping times and delivery estimates are only estimates and are not binding. If a product becomes unavailable between ordering and processing, we may substitute with a comparable product and process the remainder of your order.
Follettbooks.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the following terms shall apply to users of follettbooks.com:
By submitting an order on follettbooks.com, you authorize Follett to invoice and ship you those items in your order confirmation available at the time of shipment at Follett’s then current price, which may or may not match the quantity or pricing shown in your order confirmation. In addition, by submitting an order on follettbooks.com, you represent and warrant that you are reselling the items ordered and will provide Follett with a reseller’s certificate upon request. You agree to bear responsibility for any taxes incurred by Follett as a result of your failure to provide such a certificate.
The pricing and availability of books shown on follettbooks.com are estimates only and subject to change at any given time. A statement showing the quantity of a particular title or titles does not necessarily reflect the total quantity in Follett’s inventory, but rather the maximum quantity Follett is able to offer you for sale at the time you place your order.
BookVolume.com. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the following terms shall apply to users of BookVolume.com (“BookVolume”):
Nature of Services. The Services provided by BookVolume are based on information retrieved from external sales venues such as Amazon.com and Half.com. Follett does not provide a guarantee that the information gathered from these venues is reliable in any way. It is your sole responsibility to validate all items for purchase before proceeding with checkout and payment.
Use of Services. You hereby authorize Follett to search for books and other media items on your behalf. Furthermore, you authorize Follett to keep historical records of purchases made through the BookVolume Service for an indefinite period.
Login and Security.
In order to register for the BookVolume Services, you must select login names for each account user. Upon providing a login name for any account user, you agree that you are authorizing such person to access and utilize your BookVolume account. You may terminate any authorized persons access to and/or use of your BookVolume account by providing notice to info@bookvolume.com. Such notice will be effective upon written confirmation by Follett, via email, of receipt.
You agree that you are solely responsible for the activity of all persons you have authorized to access and utilize your BookVolume account. Strict confidentiality of all passwords, secret questions and login names is your sole responsibility.
You further agree not to provide access to your BookVolume account by (a) allowing others to use your account after you log in, whether intentionally or otherwise; (b) creating an account for someone who is not authorized to perform the role or view the information for which you have granted access; or (c) failing to revoke access for those who are no longer authorized to access your account for any reason.
You agree to immediately notify Follett of any unauthorized access to or from your BookVolume account.
No Liability. You acknowledge and agree that Follett is not liable for any purchases made that were accidental or otherwise unwanted for any reason. This includes but is not limited to all books and other media items purchased from lists residing on Follett’s servers. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that Follett is not liable for damages resulting from its use or access, or any third parties use of or access, to your BookVolume account, whether or not such access and/or use is with or without your knowledge or consent.
Billing.
All invoices for BookVolume Services will be considered final ninety (90) days from the date such invoice is delivered to you, whether such delivery is by e-mail or otherwise. You agree not to make any claims related to billing errors after such ninety (90) day period expires.
You agree to immediately notify Follett of any changes related to your account with BookVolume, including, without limitation, changes in your billing address or applicable credit card used for billing purposes.
Suspension/Termination. Follett reserves the right to discontinue or suspend the BookVolume Services and/or your BookVolume account at any time, with or without cause and with or without prior notice. Upon any such suspension or termination, you will be responsible for payment of current charges up to and including the day of termination.
8. Community Forums and User Content:
Some of our Services offer you the opportunity to provide comments or otherwise transmit material through our Services (collectively, “Community Forums”) including, but not limited to, follettcommunity.com, follettchallenge.com, and Follett official social media accounts on Facebook and Twitter. Information that you provide to us, other than product orders and personal information, is referred to in these Terms as “User Content.” Profile information provided with registration for the Community Forums (e.g. name) may be displayed with the content. This Section 8, “Community Forums and User Content,” states additional terms that apply to User Content.
When you provide User Content, you grant us a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, perform, display and in any other way exploit the User Content by any means now known or developed in the future, and for any purpose, including for developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and in advertising. You agree that (1) User Content is not being provided to us in confidence; (2) there is no confidential or fiduciary relationship between you and us; and (3) you have no expectation that we will review, acknowledge or compensate you for your User Content.
To avoid the possibility of misunderstandings, our policy is not to accept creative ideas, product designs, proposals, business plans or similar materials provided as User Content. Please do not provide us with such materials. If you nonetheless do so, the immediately preceding paragraph will apply.
You bear all responsibility for your User Content. You agree not to provide User Content that (1) violates applicable law; (2) is harmful, abusive, offensive, false, threatening, disparaging, defamatory or racist; (3) promotes violence or unlawful activity; (4) violates any person’s or entity’s legal rights (including intellectual property, privacy and publicity rights); or (5) purports to speak on behalf of us. When you provide User Content, you represent that you have the right to provide it to us and that it is not inaccurate, false or misleading.
We may refuse or remove User Content without notice to you. We may monitor User Content but are not required to do so. You agree that we will not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from your User Content or similar submissions made by other users.
9. Contests and Sweepstakes:
We may offer sweepstakes or contests, which may be hosted by or offered in conjunction with third parties. Additional or different terms may apply to such contests or sweepstakes. The relevant terms will be posted where information is collected to enter into the contest or sweepstakes. If the other terms are inconsistent with these Terms, the other terms will govern for that contest or sweepstakes.
10. Changes to Services:
We reserve the right to take any of the following actions in our discretion at any time, and without giving you prior notice:
Change or discontinue the Services, and the products and promotions offered on the Services.
Limit the availability of products.
Change the prices of products.
Impose conditions on product sales and promotions.
Restrict or terminate your access to the Services.
We will not be liable to you or any third party for taking any of these actions.
11. Copyright, Trademarks, and other Intellectual Property:
We grant you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to access and use our Services for your personal, non-commercial use only in accordance with these Terms. Any commercial use; any unauthorized use of a “robot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automated means; use in violation of the policy of any school represented on the Services; or use for data collection and/or profit is not allowed.
This license authorizes you to view, download, print, and access video, audio, graphics, photos, text, special features, and/or messages (collectively "Content") via the Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement during the timeframe in which your account is active and for the duration of the
access window for each individual Content item. Unless you are otherwise authorized by Follett to do so, you agree not to (1) archive, store in a database or otherwise copy any part of the Services or their content; (2) modify or otherwise create derivative works of the Services or their content; (3) distribute or otherwise disseminate any part of the Services or their content; and (4) in any way exploit any part of the Services or their content.
All Content on the Services, including text, site design, graphics, images, data compilations, lists, bibliographic information, book covers and software, is the property of Follett or its licensors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright law. You must comply with all such laws. Downloading, printing, copying, distributing or using the contents of any pages in the Services in any manner inconsistent with the license granted above and without prior written consent from Follett is prohibited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Follett®, Rent-A-Text®, efollett®, edoption®, Skyo®, includED®, ePartner®, rentsbooks®, Aspen®, Titlewave®, Destiny® and the other trademarks used on the Services are the property of Follett or a third party who may or may not be affiliated with or sponsored by Follett. You agree not to use the trademarks in any manner that infringes upon the ownership rights of Follett or such third party.
As between you and us, we retain all right, title and interest in and to our Services, products, content and technology. You agree not to remove, obscure or alter any trademark, copyright or other legal notices on the Services. You also agree not to use our trademarks in meta tags, search terms (paid or unpaid) or in any way that is likely to cause confusion or that disparages or discredits us.
12. Notice of Copyright Infringement:
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that content on the Services infringes your copyright, you may send a notification pursuant to Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) to our designated agent as follows:
Follett Corporation
3 Westbrook Corporate Center
Suite 200
Westchester, IL 60154
Attn: General Counsel
legal@follett.com
Fax: 630.850.1940
13. Arbitration/Choice of Law:
If you have any dispute with or claim against us (a “Claim”) arising out of or relating to the Services or these Terms, including any Claim relating to your purchase of products through the Services, any communications between you and us, and the claim is not resolved by calling our customer service department at the telephone number provided on the “return policy” or “contact us” page of the Services, you and we each agree to resolve such disputes through an individual binding arbitration or an individual action in small claims court. Class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted, and your Claim may not be consolidated with any other person’s claim. You and we agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision and that you and we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This Section 13 shall survive termination of your use of the Services or any user account that you may have.
Before you commence an arbitration or file a small claims court action with respect to your Claim, you must first send to us a written notice of your claim (“Notice”). The Notice must (1) be sent by certified mail; (2) be addressed to Follett Corporation Attn: General Counsel, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL 60154; (3) describe the nature of your Claim; and (4) specify the damages or other relief you seek. You must provide such a notice within one year after your Claim accrued. Otherwise, you waive the Claim. If we and you do not then resolve the Claim within 30 days after our receipt of your Notice is received, either you or we may commence arbitration or file a small claims court action to resolve the Claim.
Any such arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association and be conducted in accordance with its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “Rules”). Contact information for the American Arbitration Association, as well as copies of the Rules and applicable forms, are available at www.adr.org or by calling the American Arbitration Association at (800)778-7879. In circumstances in which the Rules provide for an in-person hearing, such hearing will, at your request, take place in the U.S. county (or parish) of your residence, or otherwise in Chicago, IL. For any Claim that does not exceed $50,000, we will pay all filing and arbitrator’s fees, unless the arbitrator finds the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose. If the arbitrator awards you damages that are greater than our last written settlement offer communicated before commencement of the arbitration, we will pay you the greater of $1,000 or the amount of the award.
14. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability:
WE DO NOT WARRANT: (1) THAT THE SERVICES OR THEIR OPERATION OR CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF ERRORS OR OMISSIONS; (2) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; (3) THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVERS HOSTING THEM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE; OR (4) THAT THE SERVICES OR THEIR CONTENT WILL CONTINUE TO BE AVAILABLE. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH ISSUES. WE DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AS TO THE SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND AS TO QUALITY, AVAILABILITY AND SUBJECT MATTER OF CONTENT. THE SITES AND THEIR CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS.”
WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FROM ANY USAGE OF MOBILE DATA, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR RISK. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICES, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICES. SOME CONTENT ON THE SERVICES MAY HAVE BEEN POSTED BY THIRD PARTY USERS OF THE SERVICES. WE DO NOT ENDORSE AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH CONTENT. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH CONTENT.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURE OR DELAY IN OUR PERFORMANCE DUE TO ANY CAUSE BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING ACTS OF WAR, ACTS OF GOD, ACTS OF SHIPPERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, EARTHQUAKE, FLOOD, EMBARGO, RIOT, SABOTAGE, LABOR SHORTAGE OR DISPUTE, GOVERNMENTAL ACT, POWER FAILURE OR FAILURE OF THE INTERNET OR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR LIABILITY FOR OTHER DAMAGES EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING FOR ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICES) IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
15. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless against any and all third party claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use or misuse of the Services and/or your breach of these terms. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim subject to indemnification, and in such cases, you agree to cooperate with us to defend such claim. You may not settle any claim covered by this Section 15 without our prior written approval.
16. Miscellaneous Provisions:
You authorize us to provide information concerning you and your activities to comply with applicable laws or respond to court orders, subpoenas, or other lawful requests, or if we believe doing so would protect your safety or that of another person or protect the security of the Services, or as otherwise described in the Privacy Policy.
You agree that we may provide you notice by attempting to contact you using the contact information you have provided to us or by posting notice on the relevant Services. If you do not provide us with accurate contact information, we will not be responsible for failure to notify you.
These Terms, including any additional terms or policies posted on the Services, constitute the entire agreement between you and us, and supersede all prior agreements, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Nothing in these Terms affects any non-waivable statutory rights that apply to you. If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, that provision will be removed, and the remainder of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
17. Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use or our Services, please contact us by email at privacy@follett.com or telephone at 800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230. You also may write to us at Follett Corporation, Attn: Privacy, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL 60154. For California residents to exercise your consumer rights by clicking here. For EU citizens to exercise your data subject rights by clicking here. Questions or comments submitted through other means, such as Wall posts, may not be received or addressed.
California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210, or by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834.
Privacy Policy – Follett Higher Education
Effective March 21, 2019
Last Updated January 22, 2020
Click here for Follett’s European Economic Area Privacy Policy
We at Follett respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you what information about you Follett collects and how Follett uses and shares that information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Follett Higher Education Group, Inc., Advanced Graphic Products, Inc. (Advanced-Online/OnDemand), Follett Higher Ed Group, Ltd. and any affiliate or subsidiary companies (“Follett,” “we,” or “us), offline or online, including, but not limited to, websites that are directed at individual customers, such as efollett.com and merchorders.com, and sites that are directed to enterprise customers, such as bookvolume.com and all other websites, features, applications, store kiosks, widgets or online services that are owned or controlled by Follett , and that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"). The Services include the online bookstores operated by Follett on behalf of colleges and universities, or other higher education institutions, online corporate stores operated by Follett on behalf of third party companies, and any information collected by Follett at an on-campus or corporate on-site store as well as other online resources, Services, community forums, and contests or sweepstakes offered or operated by Follett. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. Please note that certain features or services referenced in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on all Services or through all features at all times.
Information We Collect About You
You may provide Follett with "Personal Information" (which is information that can be used to contact or specifically identify an individual, such as your full name, mailing address, mobile number, and email address), account information (such as a password or other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account) and demographic or other information (such as your gender, age or birthdate, zip code and information about your interests and preferences). We will also collect payment information (typically, credit card account information) if you choose to purchase products or services through the Services. And, when you make a purchase or otherwise transact with Follett, whether onlineor offline, we will retain information regarding those purchases and transactions, including, but not limited to products purchased, location of purchase, and how frequently you make purchases. Any information combined with Personal Information will be treated as Personal Information.
Information the Services Automatically Collect or Processes
We and our third-party service providers, including analytics providers and third-party content providers, may automatically collect certain information whenever you access and use the Services ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include the type of device you are using to access the Services, the areas of the Services that you access or use, and the time of day you used the Services, among other information. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for any mobile phone, tablet or other devices you may use to access the Services. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to access the Services, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.
Follett does not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to our sites, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal.
The methods used to collect Usage Information may include the following:
Cookies. A cookie is a data file, which we place on a device when it is used to visit the Services or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and for displaying offers related to your prior activity on the Services. We may also use technologies such as cookies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. For additional information on the type of information collected by cookies, including how to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, please see the “Third Party Ad Servers and Analytics Providers” section of this Policy. To opt out of advertising targeted to activities on Follett website, click here. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device. Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, including, without limitation, enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences. For more information about Flash and the privacy choices Adobe offers, visit here. If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your device, some features of the Services may not function properly.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, your school may provide us with information about you, such as enrollment information, classes you are taking and Personal Information including, but not limited to financial aid information, so that we may provide services to you, such as selling you the required books for a class, enabling payment from financial aid funds, or offering you other products or services. We may supplement and combine the information we collect with information provided by third parties for a variety of reasons, including to provide you with information, services or products you have requested, to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor content and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.
Protection of Children’s Privacy
The Services are intended for general audiences and are not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information.
Community Forums and User Content
Follett provides the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums on the Services, through interactive features and through other communication functionality ("Community Forums") including Follett official social media accounts on Facebook and Twitter. You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post reviews, photographs, videos, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, (collectively, "User Content"). Please note that certain information, such as your name, may be publicly displayed on the Services along with your User Content.
If you submit User Content in one of our Community Forums, such as by posting photos, commenting on a blog, or participating in online forums or communities at our Service, depending on your privacy settings this information may become public on the Internet. Therefore, we cannot prevent further use of this information. You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some Social Networks. For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how Social Networks handle your personally identifiable information, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy policies and terms of use.
Social Features
Functionality on the Services may permit interactions that you initiate between the Services and a third-party web site or service ("Social Features"). Examples of Social Features include enabling you to "like" or "share" content from the Services to other websites or services or to "like" or "share" our page on a third party service and to otherwise connect the Services to a third party web site or service. If you choose to share content or to otherwise post information through the Services to a third party site or service, or vice versa, that information may be publicly displayed. Similarly, if you post information on a third party platform that references a Follett product (e.g., by using a Twitter hashtag associated with a Follett Brand product in your tweet), your post may be published on our Services. Also, both Follett and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Services and the third party site or service. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site or interactive service.
The information we collect in connection with Social Features is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party's privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party web site or service.
How Follett Uses Your Information
Any information you provide or that is collected by us may be combined with any other information you provide to us, is provided by third parties, information we collect through the Services, or otherwise. We may use the information we collect or receive, including Personal Information and Usage Information:
To allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer service including, without limitation, to respond to your questions, complaints or comments;
To tailor content, recommendations and offers we display or otherwise provide to you;
To confirm or fulfill an order you have made or authorize or complete a transaction you have requested;
To provide you with information, products or services that you have requested or agreed to receive or that we otherwise believe will interest you, either on behalf of Follett or third parties, and which may include advertisements or special offers;
To verify enrollment and financial aid information;
To improve the Services and our products and for internal business purposes, analyzing usage of our Services and purchase of our products;
To contact you with regard to your use of the Services and, in our discretion, changes to our policies for the Services;
To enforce applicable agreements and policies for the Services, to prevent fraud, to comply with all applicable laws and Follett’s corporate reporting obligations; and
As otherwise described in this Privacy Policy and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or with your consent.
How Follett Shares Your Information
Follett may share your Information in the following cases:
With Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Business Partners: Follett may disclose your Information to our affiliates and subsidiaries. When you make an online or in-store purchase from one of the stores we operate for our business partners, or when you purchase merchandise that is licensed by our business partners (ex. collegiate apparel),  we may share your personal information, and information regarding those purchases and transactions, with our business partners.
With Your Consent: Follett may share your Information with other third parties with your consent.
As Required by Law: Follett may disclose any Information we deem necessary, in Follett's sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request and to provide information to a claimed owner of intellectual property, and/or defend any applicable Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Services, or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any organization or individual. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.
To Prevent Harm or Loss: Follett may disclose Information when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm, fraud, or financial loss or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity. In Connection With a Sale of Follett's Business: Follett also reserves the right to transfer Information in the event Follett transfers or sells all or a portion of Follett's business or assets to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of all or any portion of the Services or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
Non-Personal Information. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information with third parties, including advertisers, content providers, and analytics providers, and third parties may collect non-Personal Information when you use or visit the Services.
Third-Party Service Providers. We may use third parties to perform certain services on our behalf, such as fulfilling and processing orders, tracking analytics, or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to user information, including Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing. These Services Providers have no independent rights in your Personal Information and are not authorized by Follett to use or disclose your Information except as necessary to perform services on Follett's behalf or comply with legal requirements.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, sometimes in collaboration with third parties. If you choose to enter a promotion, Personal Information, such as your name, contact information, email address, and shipping address, may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list. If the sweepstakes, contest or promotion is co-sponsored by another party, that co-sponsor may also receive your Personal Information when you enter the promotion.
Third Party Ad Servers and Analytics Providers
Follett works with third party network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors to serve third party advertisements on and through the Services, to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Services, including the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the Services; to serve our advertisements on other websites, within mobile Apps, and elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Services and the effectiveness of our advertisements. For example, if you click one of our advertisements, our service provider(s) may be able to tell us the advertisement you clicked on and where you were viewing the advertisement; likewise, if you click on an ad you see on our Services, our service provider(s) may be able to tell which page you were visiting on our Services and pass that information to the advertiser. The advertisements you see may be served by one or more third parties, who may use information about your activities on the Services, and other websites and services, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
These third-party service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as your general interest in higher education and certain subjects and Usage Information) including Personal Information. These third parties may collect information about you across sites and over time. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, serve you targeted advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You may want to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an "opt-out" by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program. You may also opt out of tracking and receiving targeted advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while visiting the Services and elsewhere online.
Account Preferences and Updating Your Information
You may be able to review and update your account information through the Services, including certain Personal Information and your communications preferences. You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from us by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Services (for example, order confirmations) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications.
If you sign up to receive any SMS or MMS messages that we may offer, you may unsubscribe by replying "STOP". Additional information on SMS text messaging can be found in the “Mobile Services” section of our Terms of Use.
Third Party Applications/Websites
The Services may permit you to link to other applications and websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under the control of Follett and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Follett of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party applications/websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy and Follett is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or content of such applications/websites.
Security
We take commercially reasonable security measures to secure the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, using administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard information that can individually identify you. However, no method of electronic transmission or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you submit and you do so at your own initiative and risk.
Users Residing Outside the United States and Consent To Transfer
The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that we may transfer, process, or provide access to information we collect, including your Personal Information, to Follett based in the United States and we may transfer or provide access to your information, including Personal Information, to our offices or service providers in other countries where the privacy and data protection laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this use, transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, or another country other than your own. You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Services or provide us with Personal Information. Regardless of where we transfer your information, we still protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Follett to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year. Follett will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed and a list of the names and addresses of the third parties. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@follett.com.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to privacy@follett.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@follett.com or telephone at 800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230. You also may write to us at Follett Corporation, Attn: Privacy, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL 60154. For California residents to exercise your consumer rights by clicking here. Questions or comments submitted through other means, such as Wall posts, may not be received or addressed.
For purchase questions, please contact the Higher Education Customer Service Team at customerservice@efollett.com, or call 1-800-381-5151.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We ask that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time. Follett may modify this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion. Please review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay updated about any changes. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will provide you notice by prominent posting on our sites.
Privacy Policy – Follett School Solutions
Effective March 5, 2014
Last Updated January 22, 2020
For U.S. Residents - U.S. Privacy Policy
Click here for Follett’s European Economic Area Privacy Policy
We at FOLLETT respect your privacy and value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy is designed to show you what information about you Follett collects and how Follett uses and shares that information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Follett, offline or online, including through FollettLearning.com and all other websites, features, applications, widgets or online services that are owned or controlled by Follett which link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"). THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO SERVICES THAT FOLLETT HOSTS OR OPERATES FOR CHILDREN. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. Please note that certain features or services referenced in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on all Services or through all features at all times.
The Services are intended for general audiences and are not intended for individuals younger than the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals younger than the age of 13.
Information We Collect About You
You may provide Follett with "Personal Information" (which is information that can be used to contact or specifically identify an individual, such as your full name, mailing address, mobile number, and email address), account information (such as a password or other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account) and demographic or other information (such as your gender, age or birthdate, zip code and information about your interests and preferences). We will also collect payment information (typically, credit card account information) if you choose to purchase products or services through the Services. And, when you make a purchase or otherwise transact with Follett, whether online or offline, we will retain information regarding those purchases and transactions, such as products purchased, location of purchase, and how frequently you buy. Any information combined with Personal Information will be treated as Personal Information.
Community Forums and User Content
Follett provides the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums, through interactive features and through other communication functionality ("Community Forums"). You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post reviews, photographs, videos, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, (collectively, "User Content"). Please note that certain information, such as your name, may be publicly displayed on the Services along with your User Content.
Information the Services Automatically Collect or Process
We and our third-party service providers, including analytics providers and third-party content providers, may automatically collect certain information whenever you access and use the site (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include the type of device you are using to access the site, the areas of the site that you access or use, and the time of day you used the site, among other information. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any mobile phone, tablet or other devices you may use to access the Services. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to access the site, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access the site. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.
The methods used to collect Usage Information may include the following:
Cookies. A cookie is a data file, which we place on a device when it is used to visit the site or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and for displaying offers related to your prior activity using Follett Services. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be built in to or downloaded by you to your device. Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, including, without limitation, enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences. (Read more information about Flash and the privacy choices Adobe offers.) If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your device, some features of the Services may not function properly.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the site, to monitor how users navigate Follett Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, your school may provide us with information about you, such as classes you are teaching and Personal Information, so that we may provide services to you, such as selling you the required books for a class or offering you other products or services. We may supplement and combine the information we collect with information provided by third parties for a variety of reasons, including to provide you with information, services or products you have requested, to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor content and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.
Social Features
Functionality on the Services may permit interactions that you initiate between the Services and a third-party web site or service ("Social Features"). Examples of Social Features include enabling you to “like” or “share” content from the Services to other websites or services or to “like” or “share” our page on a third-party service; to log in using your username and password for a third-party site or service; and to otherwise connect the Services to a third-party web site or service. If you choose to share content or to otherwise post information through the Services to a third-party site or service, or vice versa, that information may be publicly displayed. Similarly, if you post information on a third-party platform that references a Follett product (e.g., by using a Twitter hashtag associated with a Follett brand product in your tweet), your post may be published on our Services. Also, both Follett and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Services and the third-party site or service. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third-party web site or interactive service.
The information we collect in connection with Social Features is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party web site or service.
How Follett Uses Your Information
Any information you provide or that is collected by Follett may be combined with any other information you provide to us or that we collect through the Services or otherwise. Follett may use the information it collects or receives, including Personal Information and Usage Information:
To allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer service including, without limitation, to respond to your questions, complaints or comments;
To tailor content, recommendations and offers we display or otherwise provide to you;
To confirm or fulfill an order you have made or authorize or complete a transaction you have requested;
To provide you with information, products or services that you have requested or agreed to receive or that we otherwise believe will interest you, either on behalf of Follett or third parties, and which may include advertisements or special offers;
To provide you with location features and services (e.g., allowing you to “check in” at a store or telling you about local deals and events);
To process your registration, including verifying that information you provide is active and valid;
To improve the Services and our products and for internal business purposes, analyzing usage of our Services and purchase of our products;
To contact you with regard to your use of the Services and, in our discretion, changes to our policies for the Services;
To enforce applicable agreements and policies for the Services; and
As otherwise described in this Privacy Policy and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or with your consent.
How Follett Shares Your Information
Follett may share your information in the following cases:
With Affiliates and Third-Party Service Providers: Follett may disclose your information to our affiliates and third-party service providers. Third-party service providers are not authorized by Follett to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on Follett’s behalf or comply with legal requirements.
With Your Consent: Follett may share your information with other third parties with your consent.
As Required by Law: Follett may disclose any information we deem necessary, in Follett’s sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request and to provide information to a claimed owner of intellectual property, and/or defend any applicable Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Services, or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any organization or individual. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.
To Prevent Harm or Loss: Follett may disclose information when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with suspected or actual illegal activity.
In Connection With a Sale of Follett’s Business: Follett also reserves the right to transfer Information in the event Follett transfers or sells all or a portion of Follett’s business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, Follett will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use the information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred the information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Non-Personal Information. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information with third parties, including advertisers, content providers, and analytics providers, and third parties may collect non-Personal Information when you download or use the Services.
Service Providers. We may use third parties to perform certain services on our behalf, such as fulfilling and processing orders, tracking analytics, or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to user information, including Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions. If you choose to enter a promotion, Personal Information, such as your name and shipping address, may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.
Third Party Applications/Websites
The Services may permit you to link to other applications and websites. Such third-party applications/websites are not under the control of Follett and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Follett of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third-party applications/websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy and Follett is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or content of such applications/websites.
Security
We take commercially reasonable security measures to secure the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of electronic transmission or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you submit and you do so at your own initiative and risk.
Consent To Transfer
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States or another country. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, or another country other than your own, jurisdictions in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in Follett’s information processing practices or for any other purpose. The bottom of the Privacy Policy states when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@follett.com or telephone at 800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230. You also may write to us at Follett Corporation, Attn: Privacy, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL 60154. For California residents to exercise your consumer rights by clicking here. Questions or comments submitted through other means, such as Wall posts, may not be received or addressed.
For purchase questions, please contact Follett School Solutions (K12) Customer Support: 1-888-511-5114
Privacy Statement Changes
This Privacy Statement may be revised from time to time. If we intend to use or disclose personal information for purposes materially different than those described in this statement, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals, if necessary, including by revising this Privacy Statement. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check our website periodically or contact us as described above to obtain a current copy of this statement. We urge you to request and review this Privacy Statement frequently to obtain the current version. Your continued provision of personal information, purchase of products or use of our services following any changes to this Privacy Statement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.
Privacy Policy – European Economic Area
Effective date: March 21, 2019
Last updated date: July 24, 2020
INTRODUCTION:
Follett Corporation strives to ensure the security and privacy of our customer’s data. To that end, we’re providing this overview of our updated privacy policy. It's more user-friendly and addresses the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We also appreciate that our customers have requirements under GDPR that are directly impacted by their use of Follett’s products and services. We’re committed to helping our customers stay in compliance with GDPR and their local requirements, and as part of our commitment, we have updated our Privacy Policy applicable to data subjects in the European Economic Area.
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand:
Information we collect about you and how we collect it
Information you give to us
Information we collect about you through our Website
Third-party ad servers and analytics providers
Cookies, web beacons and other technologies used on this Website
How we use your information
How we disclose your information
We may transfer your information outside the European Economic Area
How long we retain your information
Your choices about how we use and disclose your information
Your rights regarding your personal data
How we secure your information
Your use of third-party websites
Our Website is not intended for children under the age of 16
Our Data Controller Contact Information
Follett Corporation, and its wholly and majority-owned entities, are committed to protecting your privacy. References in this policy to “Follett”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the entity responsible for the processing of your personal data, which generally is the entity that obtains your personal data in the respective case. In the EU, this entity is also referred to as the data controller.
This policy describes the types of information Follett may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our websites, including but not limited to www.follett.com, www.efollett.com, www.bkstr.com, www.brytewave.com, www.follettlearning.com, www.titlewave.com, www.follettcommunity.com, marketplace.follett.com, www.valorebooks.com, www.baker-taylor.com, www.baker-taylor.co.uk, or www.collectionhq.com, or any other of our websites where this policy is posted (collectively the "Website").  This policy also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by a third party, or through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Follett provides this policy to explain the type of information we collect, and to inform you of the specific practices and guidelines that secure and protect the confidentiality of your personal data. Please read this policy carefully. If any term in this policy is unacceptable to you, please do not use the Website or provide any personal data. This policy may change from time to time (see Revisions to Our Privacy Policy).
1. Information we collect about you and how we collect it
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, which may include information defined as personal data or personally identifiable information under applicable law (“personal data”). For example, we may collect any of the following information about you:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
User ID
Employee ID
Student ID
IP address
Payment processing and order processing information, including credit card and financial account information
Course information (which we may receive from your educational institution)
1A. Information you give to us
The information you give to us on our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website.
This includes information provided when you purchase goods or services through us or sign up for our newsletters and other types of information material;
Information we receive when we process and respond to your inquiries related to products, customer service and technical support; and
Information obtained when you provide feedback on our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence with us (including email addresses).
Additional personal information including resumes and other non-sensitive information, when applying for a position at Follett.
1B. Information we collect about you through our Website
As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including resources that you access and use on our Website, traffic data, location data, logs, language, date and time of access, frequency and other communication data.
Information about your computer, mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, host domain and browser type.
Details of referring websites (URL).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data that helps us improve our Website and deliver a better and more personalized service, enabling us to:
Determine web site traffic patterns.
Count web visits.
Determine traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance and security of our site.
Help us to know which pages and content are the most and least popular.
Observe site search patterns to provide more intuitive navigation cues.
Determine user frequency and recency.
Third-party ad servers and analytics providers
Follett works with third party network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors to serve third party advertisements on and through the Website, to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Website, including the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the Website; to serve our advertisements on other websites, within mobile Apps, and elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Website and the effectiveness of our advertisements. For example, if you click one of our advertisements, our service provider(s) may be able to tell us the advertisement you clicked on and where you were viewing the advertisement; likewise, if you click on an ad you see on our Website, our service provider(s) may be able to tell which page you were visiting on our Website and pass that information to the advertiser. The advertisements you see may be served by one or more third parties, who may use information about your activities on the Website, and other websites and services, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
These third-party service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about you including personal data.  These third parties may collect information about you across sites and over time. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, serve you targeted advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You may want to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an "opt-out" by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program. You may also opt out of tracking and receiving targeted advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices.  Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising, you will continue to receive generic ads while visiting the Website and elsewhere online.
Follett participates in the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.  Follett uses the Consent Management Platform with the identification number 28.  For additional information you may visit https://iabeurope.eu/tcf-2-0/.
This Website uses web analytics services provided by third parties to help us evaluate your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. The information generated by the analytics service about your use of the Website may be transmitted to and stored by the third party on servers in the United States.
To opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
To opt-out from being tracked by Adobe Analytics, visit https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
Cookies, web beacons and other technologies used on this Website
Cookies. A cookie is a data file, which we place on a device when it is used to visit the Website or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and for displaying offers related to your prior activity on the Website.
Our Website uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies.  Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open, and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Website. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears.  Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including storing your preferences and settings, sign-in and authentication, and storing information you provide (such as when you add products to a shopping cart on the Website).
We may also use technologies such as cookies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests.  For additional information on the type of information collected by cookies, including how to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, please see the “Third party ad servers and analytics providers” section of this Policy.
A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device. Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, including enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences.
If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer, you can disable or delete them using your browser (consult your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to delete cookies).  If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your device, some features of the Website may not function properly.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Website, to monitor how users navigate the Website, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Website, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
2. How we use your information
Below please learn how we process information collected about you (including personal data) as well as the corresponding legal basis. We may process your information where the processing is:
Necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract with you. For example:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, your organization and us, or between your employer and us, and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us.
Necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation.
Necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by a third party or us (to the extent it does not infringe on any data subject’s fundamental rights and freedoms). For example:
To improve the Website content so it is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service (when you choose to do so).
To keep our site safe and secure.
To provide you with technical support and to improve our Website and services.
To provide you with information that you have requested and respond to your inquiries.
To notify you about changes to our service or our Website.
If you are an existing customer, to communicate (including by email and/or SMS) with you to provide information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.
If you contact us regarding applying for a position, we may use the information for recruiting, talent management and employment purposes (recording, examination, assessment, selection, and conclusion of an employment offer).
Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personal data that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Pursuant to valid consent provided by you, to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.  If you do not want us to use your data in this way, simply do not opt-in when we ask for your consent on the relevant forms where we collect your data. For any other purpose where you have provided valid consent where it is legally required.
3. How we disclose your information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Subject to applicable law and regulations, we may disclose personal data that we collect, or you provide, as described in this policy:
To any member of Follett for the foregoing described purposes.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business or in connection with the administration and support of the activities noted above, and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them (e.g., database hosting providers, managed service providers, developers, consultants).
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Follett's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by Follett about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you ask us to communicate information to a third party dealer or installer who is installing or serving your product.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide your information or with your consent when required by applicable law and regulations.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Follett, our employees, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
4. We may transfer your information outside the European Economic Area
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or other entities acting as data processors processing data on our behalf. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your request or order and the provision of support services. Follett has implemented international data transfer agreements on the basis of EU Standard Contractual Clauses in order to provide appropriate and suitable safeguards for personal data being transferred to countries outside the EEA where an adequate level of protection is not already guaranteed. To request a copy contact privacy@follett.com.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with this policy and applicable laws and regulation.
5. How long we retain your information
Unless otherwise required by law, Follett will erase personal data when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing was based on your consent) and there is no other legal basis for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; and when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations.
6. Your choices about how we use and disclose your information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Cookie settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Do Not Track. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.
Account Information and Communication Preferences.  You may be able to review and update your account information through the Website, including certain personal data and your communications preferences. You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from us by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Website (for example, order confirmations, product service experience or other transactions) and these transactional messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. If you choose to enter  sweepstakes, contests or promotions, information such as your name and shipping address, may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion’s official rules.
7. Your rights regarding your personal data
At any time you may exercise certain rights you may have under applicable law and regulation, including the following rights:
The right to request access to your personal data, which includes the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, access to the personal data and information related to how it is processed.
The right to rectification or erasure of your personal data, which includes the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement, and certain rights to request us to erase your personal data without undue delay.
The right to restrict or object to processing concerning your personal data, which includes restricting us from continuing to process your personal data under certain circumstances (e.g., where you contest the accuracy of your personal data, processing is unlawful, your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes of processing, or you have otherwise objected to processing related to automated individual decision-making).
The right to data portability, which includes certain rights to have your personal data transmitted from us to another controller.
Where data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Any requests related to the above rights may be made by sending an email to privacy@follett.com.
8. How we secure your information
We take reasonable physical, administrative, and technical measures to secure the information we collect from and about our customers and Website visitors. However, no method of electronic transmission or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you submit.  When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information) on our forms, we tokenize or encrypt that information.
9. Your use of third-party websites
Our Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to these websites. Follett encourages you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you visit. These third-party websites may send their own cookies and other tracking technologies to you, log your IP address, and otherwise collect data or solicit personal data.  FOLLETT DOES NOT CONTROL AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT THIRD PARTIES DO IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR WEBSITES, OR HOW THEY HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.  PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION AND CONSULT THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON EACH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.
10. Our website is not intended for children under the age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and Follett does not knowingly collect or use any personal data from children under the age of 16.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us at privacy@follett.com.
11. Our contact information
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use or our Services, please contact us by email at privacy@follett.com or telephone at 800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230. You also may write to us at Follett Corporation, Attn: Privacy, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL 60154. For California residents to exercise your consumer rights by clicking here. For EU citizens to exercise your data subject rights by clicking here. Questions or comments submitted through other means, such as Wall posts, may not be received or addressed.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Effective January 1, 2020
Last Updated January 23, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (“CCPA Notice”) contains information about Follett’s (“Follett,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) personal information processing, and your rights as a California resident under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This CCPA Notice supplements our Privacy Statement.
We encourage you to read this document in full and contact us if you have any questions.
Collection, Use, And Disclosure of Personal Information
Our Privacy Statement contains a definition of “personal information.”  More specifically, “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a natural person or household, such as a name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and/or payment information.  Other information directly associated with personal information also may be considered to be personal information.  Information that is aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized is not considered personal information.  Publicly available information that is made available from federal, state, or local government records also is not considered personal information.
Information regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information is available in our Privacy Statement. Our Privacy Statement includes the categories of personal information we collect, how we collect personal information, the purposes for which your personal information is used, and the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We use cookies in certain circumstances; for further information on our use of cookies, please review our Cookie Statement.
Your Rights Under The CCPA
The CCPA, California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 et seq., affords certain rights to you if you are a California resident.  For example, California residents may have a right, following a verifiable request, to:
(1) access—twice in a 12-month period, free of charge—the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business purpose for collecting the personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, for the 12-month period prior to the request; and
(2) delete personal information under certain circumstances.
Follett does not discriminate against users or customers on the basis of their exercising any of their rights afforded by the CCPA, which is further in accordance with California residents’ rights under that statute.
To request access to your personal information or request that we delete your personal information, you may contact us through any of the following methods:
Via webform accessible here;
Via phone at 1-800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230; or
Via email at privacy@follett.com (please include “California Privacy Request” in the subject line)
Please specify in your request the details of what personal information you would like to access or delete.
To protect your personal information, we will verify your identity using data points you provide to us.  Please have this information available so that we can verify your request.  If you have a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing practices for your account.
You may also authorize an agent to submit a request on your behalf, so long as you provide the authorized agent written permission to request on your behalf, and your authorized agent additionally is able to verify their identity with us.  Please have your authorized agent follow the instructions above to make a request, and additionally mail your written declaration authorizing the agent to act on your behalf, certified by a California notary public, to:  Privacy team, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL, 60154.  If your authorized agent has power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps.
Should you need access to this policy in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us through methods provided above. A PDF version of this CCPA notice may be downloaded here.
Information Security, Integrity, And Retention
We take reasonable precautions, including the use of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, to protect your information.  It is important that you also take precautions to protect against unauthorized access to your Follett products, account credentials, and computers or other devices.  If you feel that the security of your account or personal information has been compromised, please immediately Contact Us.  Please be aware that, despite our efforts, no security system is impenetrable.  In the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities if required by law.
Changes To This CCPA Notice
We may periodically change this CCPA Notice to keep pace with new industry practices and regulatory requirements, among other reasons.  We expect most such changes to be minor.  Any non-material changes will take effect immediately upon posting of an updated CCPA Notice, and we will indicate the Last Modified date at the top of this document.  There may, however, be cases where changes to the CCPA Notice may be more significant.  In such cases, we will provide you with a prominent notice of such changes before they take effect or will directly send you a notification.
Your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the CCPA Notice means that you accept the revised CCPA Notice.  If you do not agree to this CCPA Notice, please refrain from using our products or services and Contact Us to close any account you may have created.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this CCPA Notice or its implementation, you may contact us via email at privacy@follett.com, via phone at 1-800-222-0858 or 708-884-0230, or by mail, at:  Privacy team, 3 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 200, Westchester, IL, 60154.
Cookie Policy
Effective May 6, 2019
Last Updated January 14, 2020
INTRODUCTION:
Follett Corporation, and its wholly and majority-owned entities, are committed to protecting your privacy. References in this notice to “Follett”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the entity responsible for the processing of your personal data, which generally is the entity that obtains your personal data in the respective case. In the EU, this entity is also referred to as the data controller.
This Cookie Notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies in the course of our business, including through our websites that link to this Cookie Notice, including but not limited to www.follett.com, www.efollett.com, www.bkstr.com, www.brytewave.com, www.follettlearning.com, www.titlewave.com, www.follettcommunity.com, marketplace.follett.com, www.valorebooks.com, www.baker-taylor.com, www.baker-taylor.co.uk, or www.collectionhq.com, or any other of our websites where this cookie notice is posted, or any website or mobile application owned, operated or controlled by us (collectively, “Websites” or “websites”). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies described in this Cookie Notice to collect Personal Data, or to collect information that becomes Personal Data if we combine it with other information. For more information about how we process your Personal Data, please read our Privacy Policy (Europe).
Cookie Notice:
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This cookie notice is intended to help you understand:
What are cookies?
A cookie is a data file, which we place on a device when it is used to visit the Website or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including remembering you and your preferences, tracking your visits to our web pages, and for displaying offers related to your prior activity on the Website.
Our Website uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies. Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Website. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including storing your preferences and settings, sign-in and authentication, and storing information you provide (such as when you add products to a shopping cart on the Website)
Cookies set by the website owner or service provider (in this case, Follett) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website or service you are using (such as advertising, interactive content and analytics). The third parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website or service in question, and also when it visits certain other websites or services.
Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
We use first party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites and Services to operate, and we refer to these as “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies enable us and the third parties we work with to track and target the interests of visitors to our Websites, and we refer to these as “performance” or “functionality” cookies. For example, we use cookies to tailor content and information that we may send or display to you and otherwise personalize your experience while interacting with our Websites and to otherwise improve the functionality of the Services we provide. Finally, third parties serve cookies through our Websites and Services for advertising, analytics, and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
Cookies used on this Website
The specific types of first- and third-party cookies served through this Website and the purposes they perform are described in further detail below:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described under the heading "How can I control cookies?" in this Cookie Notice.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see
how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. For further information, see the section of the Cookie Notice entitled " Third party ad servers and analytics providers".
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web beacons and other technologies used on this Website
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Website, to monitor how users navigate the Website, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Website, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider is active only while you are connected to the Services and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Third-party ad servers and analytics providers
Follett works with third party network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors to serve third party advertisements on and through the Website, to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Website, including the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the Website; to serve our advertisements on other websites, within mobile Apps, and elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Website and the effectiveness of our advertisements. For example, if you click one of our advertisements, our service provider(s) may be able to tell us the advertisement you clicked on and where you were viewing the advertisement; likewise, if you click on an ad you see on our Website, our service provider(s) may be able to tell which page you were visiting on our Website and pass that information to the advertiser. The advertisements you see may be served by one or more third parties, who may use information about your activities on the Website, and other websites and services, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
These third-party service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies and web beacons) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about you including personal data. These third parties may collect information about you across sites and over time. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, serve you targeted advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You may want to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an "opt-out" by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program. You may also opt out of tracking and receiving targeted advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising, you will continue to receive generic ads while visiting the Website and elsewhere online.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@follett.com
How can I control cookies?
Cookie Preference Center: If applicable, you can exercise preferences about what cookies are served on this Website by visiting our cookie settings preference center, available by clicking on the Cookie Settings button below.
Browser Controls: You can set or change your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Websites though your access to some functionality and areas of our Websites may be limited. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Disabling Most Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Mobile Advertising: You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising, including those performed by us, by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device and following the most recent published instructions. If you opt out, we will remove all data about you and no further data collection or tracking will occur. The random ID we (or our third-party partners) had previously assigned to you will also be removed. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will not be able to continue and track you using the same ID as before, and you will for all practical purposes be a new user to our system.
Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers - like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari - include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Websites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
Revisions to Our Cookie Notice
We reserve the right to change this cookie notice at any time. If we make material changes to how we use cookies and similar technologies, the changes will be posted on this page. The date this cookie notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically monitoring and reviewing any updates to this notice. Your continued use of our Websites after such amendments will be deemed your acknowledgment of changes to this notice.
Cookie Settings
About Follett
About Follett Corporation
Follett's History
Jobs & Career Info
Our Values
Corporate Social Responsibility
PreK-12
Districts
Schools
Classrooms
Libraries
Higher Education
Administrators |
Retail General Merch,
Retail Store Design,
Follett Virtual Solutions,
Follett Discover,
BryteWave,
includED
Faculty |
Follett Discover,
BryteWave
Independent Stores |
Independent Store Managers
Students |
eFollett.com,
Virtual Campus,
Follett Discover,
BryteWave
Get In Touch
Contact us
Corporate offices
Campus store finder
Shipping partners
Follett Corporation | 3 Westbrook Corporate Center | Westchester, IL 60154
Copyright © 2020
Follett Corporation | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
{ts '2020-12-11 00:33:49'}
Follett Corporation3 Westbrook Corporate CenterWestchester, IL 60154
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
{ts '2020-12-11 00:33:49'}