http://georgia-med.com/main_policy.php?go=Privacy%20Policy
Life-changing Career Training
Our mission is to provide quality, job-relevent career training, designed to prepare men and women of all
ages to enter, prosper in, and meet the needs of the employment community.
Career Planning & Placement
Financial Aid
Employers
Enrollment Process
Accreditation: Why it's important to you!
Top 10 Reasons to Attend
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Georgia Medical Institute is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings.
What personally identifiable information does Georgia Medical Institute collect from me?
Georgia Medical Institute collects information in several ways from different parts of our Web sites. Some personal information is gathered if you register with us. During registration, Georgia Medical Institute may ask for personal information such as your name, email address, gender, zip/postal code, occupation, industry and personal interests.
In addition to registration, we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you download a file (such as a .PDF file) from us; when you ask us to contact you; when you join our mailing list; and when you report a problem with one of our sites or services. If you contact Georgia Medical Institute we may keep a record of that correspondence. Georgia Medical Institute may also occasionally asks users to complete surveys that we use for research. Wherever Georgia Medical Institute collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
What are cookies and how does Georgia Medical Institute use them?
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Georgia Medical Institute may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Generally, we may use cookies to:
(1) Remind us of who you are and to access your information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. For example, a cookie is set when you register or “Sign In” and is modified when you “Sign Out” of our services.
(2) Automate certains areas of Georgia Medical Institute web sites or online forms.
(3) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing Georgia Medical Institute is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior.
(4) Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of Georgia Medical Institute web sites you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on Georgia Medical Institute a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites.
Georgia Medical Institute also collects IP Addresses, browser information and other computer information to report aggregate information to our marketing department.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. Please refer to your browser’s help for further information about your options for controlling or monitoring cookies.
How does Georgia Medical Institute use my information?
Georgia Medical Institute’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our Web sites. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, which are completely free to you.
Georgia Medical Institute does research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration, or from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
With whom does Georgia Medical Institute share my information?
Georgia Medical Institute will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission. Georgia Medical Institute may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Georgia Medical Institute Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Georgia Medical Institute rights or property, other Georgia Medical Institute users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Georgia Medical Institute may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
Georgia Medical Institute does not sell or rent user information to anyone. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service or not to participate in certain promotions or contests.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example on message boards, through email, or in instant message or chat areas – that this information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Georgia Medical Institute cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Privacy Policy | Terms of
Use | Legal
Notice
CAMPUS LOCATIONS:
Jonesboro |
Marietta |
Norcross |
Copyright © georgia-med.com 2020