http://globaledge.msu.edu/policies/disclaimer
Global Insights
By Country
By Trade Bloc
By Classification
By Industry
By State
Reference Desk
Global Resource Directory
Online Course Modules
Export Tutorials
Glossary
Tools and Data
MPI
DIBS
Diagnostic Tools
Test Your Knowledge
Comparator Tool
Interactive Rankings
Get Connected
globalEDGE Blog
globalEDGE Business Review
globalEDGE Newsletter
globalEDGE Business Beat
Academy (for students, faculty, teachers)
Course Content
Announcements
Community Colleges
International Internship Directory
Why Study International Business?
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Logos
How Do I...
Locate a variety of international business resources?
Check out the Global Resource Directory
globalEDGE Newsletter
globalEDGE's monthly newsletter
Subscribe
Home
Policies
Disclaimer
Disclaimer
This site is offered as a free service to the general public. We provide no guarantees
or warranties, express or implied, with regard to content provided on this site
or linked to this web site and its associated sites. The information presented on
this site is provided by the authors and service providers themselves. We take no
responsibility for the qualification or accuracy of representations made by the
authors or professionals or for any disputes that may arise between the authors
or professionals and users of this site. It is the responsibility of the users of
this service to independently investigate and verify the credentials of such persons
and the accuracy and validity of the information provided by them.
Context of External Sites and Resources
The globalEDGE website provides several links to other Web sites or resources. Such
links do not constitute an expressed or implied endorsement or approval by globalEDGE
of any website, or of the products or services of these websites may offer. We are
not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and are
not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials
on or available from such sites or resources. We shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by
or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services
available on such external sites or resources.
Email Disclaimer
Any and all email submissions to globalEDGE email addresses may be used, at the
discretion of globalEDGE, for promotional purposes. This includes the name of the
submitter; however email addresses and other personal information will be kept confidential.
The submitter by submitting the email agrees that their email content and name may
be used, at the discretion of globalEDGE, for promotional purposes.
globalEDGE Network Disclaimer
Members of globalEDGE have the option of enrolling in the globalEDGE Network, which
will allow other enrolled network members to search for their shared information
on the globalEDGE network. By joining the globalEDGE Network each member is agreeing
that his or her information provided to the globalEDGE Network can be shared throughout
the globalEDGE Network with other registered globalEDGE Network members. Do not
provide information you do not want disclosed to other network members. globalEDGE
provides no warranties or guaranties as to the authenticity of the information provided
by each globalEDGE Network member. We shall not be directly or indirectly liable
for any damage or loss caused by or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
any use of or reliance on any information provided by globalEDGE Network members.
We reserve the right to remove any globalEDGE Network member from the globalEDGE
Network at anytime. If you feel that the globalEDGE network is being abused please
contact globalEDGE with a description of the complaint.
Acceptable Use Policy:
globalEDGE takes a zero tolerance approach to the sending of Unsolicited Commercial
e-mail (UCE) or spam over our network. Very simply, this means that members and/or
users of globalEDGE may not use or permit others to use our network to transact
in UCE. Violations of this policy carry severe penalties, including but not limited
to termination of service.
Sending a message, especially an advertisement, to more than five recipients, is
by itself spamming unless the individuals have specifically requested to be added
to a mailing list on that topic. This includes both commercial advertisements and
informational messages sent to recipients via electronic mail (email).
Violation of globalEDGE's spam policy will result in severe penalties. globalEDGE
may restrict customer access to the network to prevent further violations. If a
member and/or user is found to be in violation of our spam policy, globalEDGE may,
at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend or terminate a member and/or user's account.
Further, globalEDGE reserves the right to pursue civil remedies for any costs associated
with the investigation of a substantiated policy violation. globalEDGE will notify
law enforcement officials if the violation is believed to be a criminal offense.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
International Business Center
Eppley Center
645 N. Shaw Lane Rm. 7
East Lansing, MI 48824-1121
Phone: (517) 353-4336
contact form