https://go.college/registrationterms
(Last updated December 1, 2016)
These Terms of Use (the “Agreement”) are an agreement between Generation.XYZ LLC (“Gen.xyz” or “us” or “our”) and you (“User” or “you” or “your”). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the products and services made available by Gen.xyz and of the Gen.xyz website (collectively, the “Services”). Please read these terms of use carefully. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Services. To register for or use the Services, you must enter into an electronic registration agreement with Gen.xyz.
Gen.xyz is a reseller of ENom, Inc. (“eNom”) and internet.bs (“IBS”). eNom is the registrar for all domain names registered through this website before 10/28/15 01:59 UTC and IBS is the registrar for all domain names registered through this website after 10/28/15 02:00 UTC.By agreeing to these terms you agree to the Enom Registration Terms found at: http://www.enom.com/terms/agreement.aspx or the IBS Registration Terms found at: https://internetbs.net/en/domain-name-registrations/termsandconditions.html as relevant to you registration as described above.
Additional Policies and Agreements
Use of the Services is also governed by the following policies, which are incorporated by reference. By using the Services, you also agree to the terms of the Gen.xyz Privacy Policy.
Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy as approved by ICANN (“UDRP”)
Inter-Registry Transfer as approved by ICANN (“IRTP”)
This website’s Privacy Policy
The Launch Policies for the domain extension you are registering a domain name under
Go.College Pricing Page
Additional terms may also apply to certain Services, and are incorporated by reference herein as applicable. If you register a domain name with us, these terms act as your electronic Domain Registration Agreement.
Registrant Rights and Responsibilities
ICANN has developed, in consultation with registrars, a webpage that identifies important registrant rights and responsibilities. The document provides a “plain language” summary of terms related to Registrant Rights and Responsibilities as set out in the Registrar Accreditation Agreement (RAA), for posting on registrar/reseller websites. While some of the terms included do not specifically refer to registrants, those terms are included because of the potential import to understanding registrar/registrant relations. The document also summarizes registrant rights and responsibilities that arise within ICANN Consensus Policies and specifications, as those policies and specifications are incorporated into the RAA. The summarization of terms within this document do not override or replace the terms set forth in the RAA or within those specifications or policy. Please review these important Registrant Rights and Responsibilities.
Account Eligibility
By registering for or using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older. The Services are intended solely for Users who are eighteen (18) years of age or older. Any registration, use of or access to the Services, by anyone under eighteen (18) is unauthorized and is a violation of this Agreement.
If you use the Services on behalf of another party, than you agree that you are authorized to bind such other party to this Agreement and to act on such other party’s behalf with respect to any actions you take in connection with the Services.
It is your responsibility to provide accurate, updated, and complete information on the registration forms, including an email address that is different from the domain you are signing up under. If there is ever an abuse issue or we need to contact you, we will use the primary email address we have on file. It is your responsibility to ensure that the contact information for your account, including any domain accounts is accurate, correct, and complete at all times. Gen.xyz is not responsible for any lapse in the Services, including without limitation, any lapsed domain registrations due to outdated contact information being associated with the domain. If you need to verify or change your contact information, please contact our team via email at hello@gen.xyz. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. In dedicated server purchases or certain other cases, you may be required to provide government issued identification and possibly a scan of the credit card used for verification purposes. Failure to provide the information requested may result in your order being denied.
You agree to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place through your account. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and other information related to the security of your account. Any dedicated IP order in addition to those provided with a hosting package may be subject to IP justification. IP justification practices are subject to change to remain in compliance with the policies of the American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN). We reserve the right to deny any dedicated IP request based on insufficient justification or current IP utilization.
Account Contract Information and Domain Name WHOIS Information
You must provide certain current, complete and accurate information about you with respect to your Account information and with respect to the WHOIS information for your domain name(s). Within seven (7) days of any change to such information, you must update such information as needed to keep it current, complete and accurate. You must submit the following with respect to you, the administrative, technical, and billing contacts for your domain name registration(s) and other Services: name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available, fax number. The type of information you are required to provide may change and you must provide such information and keep your Account information current. Not providing requested information may prevent you from obtaining all Services.
You may provide information regarding the name-servers assigned to your domain name(s) and, if we are providing name-server services to you, the DNS settings for the domain name. If you do not provide complete name-server information, or if you purchase “Name Only” Services, we may supply this information (and point your domain name to a website of our choosing) until such time as you elect to supply the name-server information.
Sharing of WHOIS Information
We will make available the domain name registration information you provide or that we otherwise maintain to the following parties: ICANN, any ICANN-authorized escrow service, the registry administrator(s), and to other third parties as ICANN and applicable laws may require or permit (including through web-based and other on-line WHOIS lookup systems), whether during or after the term of your domain name registration services of the domain name. You irrevocably waive any and all claims and causes of action you may have arising from such disclosure or use of such information. We may make publicly available, or directly available to third parties, some, or all, of the information you provide, for purposes of inspection (such as through our WHOIS service) or for targeted marketing and other purposes as required or permitted by applicable laws, including by way of bulk WHOIS data access provided to third parties who enter into a bulk WHOIS data access agreement with us.
ICANN may establish or modify the guidelines, limits and/or requirements that relate to the amount and type of information that we may or must make available to the public or to private entities, and the manner in which such information is made available. Information regarding ICANN’s guidelines and requirements regarding WHOIS can be found at http://www.icann.org/registrars/wmrp.htm, http://www.icann.org/registrars/wdrp.htm, and elsewhere on the ICANN website at http://www.icann.org.
Our Services
Domain name registrations are not effective until the registry administrator puts them into effect. Domain name registrations are only for limited terms which end on the expiration date. For domain names which are created as a new registration out of the pool of available domain names, the term begins on the date the domain name registration is acknowledged by the applicable registry. For domain name registrations which were not returned to the pool of available domain names, the term begins on the date the previous registrant’s domain name registration was acknowledged by the applicable registry.
We are not liable or responsible in any way for any errors, omissions or any other actions by the registry administrator, including those arising out of or related to a request to register, renew, modify the settings for, or transfer of a domain name registration. You acknowledge that domain name registration is a service, domain name registrations do not exist independently from services provided pursuant to this or a similar registration agreement with a registrar, domain name registration services do not create a property interest and you have no such property interest in any domain name(s) which you may register with us.
If you submit an application for sunrise or landrush registration of a domain name, we do not guarantee that the domain name will be secured for you, or that you will have immediate access to the domain name if secured.
We are not responsible to determine whether the domain name(s) you select, or the use you or others make of the domain name(s), or other use of the Services, infringes legal rights of others. It is your responsibility to know whether or not the domain name(s) you select or use or allow others to use infringe legal rights of others.
We might be ordered by a court or arbitrator to cancel, modify, or transfer your domain name; it is your responsibility to list accurate contact information in association with your Account and to communicate with litigants, potential litigants, and governmental authorities. It is not our responsibility to forward court orders or other communications to you. Our policy is to comply with court orders from courts of competent jurisdiction as well as UDRP and URS Panel decisions. If you contact us informing us that you are contesting a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction, we may, but are not obligated to, place a transfer lock on the domain name pending the outcome of the dispute. If you contact us informing us that you are contesting an adverse UDRP or URS Panel decision, your time limits and procedures to do so are subject to the requirements set forth in the UDRP or URS. We will not delay implementation of a UDRP or URS Panel decision based solely on your informing us that you intend to contest the decision.
Services Provided at Will; Termination or Suspension of Services
We may reject your domain name registration application or elect to discontinue providing Services to you for any reason within thirty (30) days of a Service initiation or a Service renewal. Outside of this period, we may terminate or suspend the Services at any time for cause, which, without limitation, includes (i) registration of prohibited domain name(s), (ii) abuse of the Services, (iii) payment irregularities, (iv) allegations of illegal conduct or infringement of any third party intellectual property right or other right, (v) failure to keep your Account or WHOIS information accurate and up to date, (vi) failure to respond to inquiries from us for over fifteen (15) calendar days, or (vii) if your use of the Services involves us in a violation or alleged violation of any third party’s rights or acceptable use policies, including but not limited to the transmission of unsolicited email or the violation or alleged violation of any intellectual property right or other right. No fee refund will be made when there is a suspension or termination of Services for cause.
At any time and for any reason, we may terminate the Services thirty (30) days after we send notice of termination via mail or email, at our option, to the WHOIS contact information provided in association with your domain name registration. Following notice of termination other than for cause, you must transfer your domain name within such thirty (30) day notice period or risk that we may delete your domain name, transfer the registration services associated with your domain name to ourselves or a third party, or suspend or modify Services related to your domain name. If we terminate Services for a reason other than cause, we will provide a pro-rata refund of your fees.
If we terminate or suspend the Services provided to you under this Agreement, we may then, at our option, make either ourselves or a third party the beneficiary of Services which are substantially similar to those which were previously provided to you. If we have grounds to terminate or suspend Services with respect to one domain name or in relation to other Services provided through your Account, we may terminate or suspend all Services provided through your Account.
Your registration of a domain name is subject to suspension, cancellation or transfer by any ICANN procedure now in affect or which may come into effect at a later date, by any registrar or registry administrator procedures approved by an ICANN-adopted policy or any policy adopted by any registry or governing body, to correct mistakes by us, another registrar or the registry administrator in administering the domain name or for the resolution of disputes concerning the domain name or as a result of any government decree, rule, law or regulation.
Domain Name Expiration
It is your responsibility to keep your own records and to maintain your own reminders regarding when your domain name registration or other Services are set to expire. With respect to domain name registration services, we will email a renewal notification approximately one (1) month and approximately one (1) week prior to each such domain name’s expiration. In addition, if a domain name is not renewed, we will email an additional renewal notification within five (5) days after the expiration of such domain name’s registration. All renewal notifications will be sent to primary contact for the Account associated with the domain name registration. It is your responsibility to maintain current and accurate credit card information should any Services be placed on “auto-renew.” We and/or your Primary Service Provider will notify you when renewal fees are due. Should these fees go unpaid, your Services will expire or be cancelled. Payment must be made by credit card or such other method as we may allow or require from time to time. If you select automatic renewal of the Services, we may attempt to renew the Services a reasonable time before expiration, provided your credit card or other billing information is available and up to date. It is your responsibility to keep your billing information up to date and we are not required to, but may, contact you to update this information in the event that an attempted transaction is not processed successfully. Please note: for certain top level domain names, the automatic renewal option is not available.
Immediately after the expiration of the term of domain name registration services and before deletion of the domain name in the applicable registry’s database, we may direct the domain name to name-servers and IP address(es) designated by us, including, without limitation, to no IP address or to IP address(es) which host a parking page or a commercial search engine that may display advertisements, and we may either leave your WHOIS information intact or we may change the contact information in the WHOIS output for the expired domain name so that you are no longer the listed registrant of the expired domain name.
For a period of approximately thirty (30) days after expiration of the term of domain name registration services, we may provide a procedure by which expired domain name registration services may be renewed. We may, but are not obligated to, offer this process, called the “reactivation period.” You assume all risks and all consequences if you wait until close to or after the expiration of the original term of domain name registration services to attempt to renew the domain name registration services. We may, in our sole discretion, choose not to offer a reactivation period and we shall not be liable therefore. The reactivation period renewal process, if any, may involve additional fees which we may determine. We may make expired domain name services(s) available to third parties, we may auction off the rights to expired domain name services (the auction beginning close to the end or after the end of the reactivation period), and/or expired domain name registration services may be re-registered to any party at any time.
After the reactivation period, if any, we may:
Discontinue the domain name registration services at any time thereafter without notice. In which case, certain registry administrators may provide procedures by which discontinued domain name registration services may nonetheless be renewed. We will participate in this process, typically called the “Redemption Grace Period” (“RGP”), for each gTLD registry administrator that provides it. We may, in our sole discretion, choose not to participate in the RGP process with respect to any or all of your ccTLD domain name registration services and we shall not be liable therefore. If available, RGP typically ends between thirty (30) and forty-two (42) days after the end of the reactivation period of the domain name services. The current RGP fee is set forth on the Pricing Page and does not include any registration fees that may also be due. We are not obliged to contact you to alert you that the domain name registration services are being discontinued; or
Pay the registry’s registration fee or otherwise provide for the registration services to be continued. In which case, we may then set the name-servers and the DNS settings for the domain name services, we may set the DNS to point to no IP address or to IP address(es) which host parking page(s) or a commercial search engine that may display paid advertisements, and we may change the contact information in the WHOIS output for the expired domain name so that you are no longer the listed registrant of the expired domain name. We do not have to pay you any of the proceeds we may earn as a result. We are not obliged to contact you to alert you that the domain name registration services are being continued. The domain name will be designated as being in the extended redemption grace period (“ERGP”), and you will be allowed to assume, during the first 120 days of the then extant registration term, complete management of the domain name services, including the right to control the DNS settings, provided that you pay the ERGP fee (which is the same as the RGP fee) plus any registration fees. After the end of the 120-day period, if you do not exercise your rights under this provision, you have abandoned the domain name services, and relinquish all interests and use of the domain name services; or
If we auctioned the domain name services to a third party, we may transfer the domain name registration services to such third party. In which case, the third party who won the auction for the domain name services will control the domain name services, including control over the WHOIS information and the DNS settings. You may recover the domain name registration services prior to the end of the reactivation period, as such reactivation period applied to you. We are not obliged to contact you to alert you that the domain name registration services are or were auctioned. We do not have to pay you any of the proceeds we may earn as a result of such an auction.
Transfers
Transfer of your domain name(s) services shall be governed by ICANN’s transfer policy, available at http://www.icann.org/transfers/, including the Registrar Transfer Dispute Resolution Policy, available at http://www.icann.org/en/transfers/dispute-policy-12jul04.htm as well as the UDRP and URS policied linked to at the top these terms, as these policies may be modified from time to time. To transfer your domain name(s) you should first login to your Account to lock or unlock your domain name(s) and/or to obtain the EPP “AuthCode” which is required to transfer domain services in an EPP registry (such as .org). Alternatively, you should contact us to have your domain name(s) services locked or unlocked or to obtain the EPP “AuthCode.”
Only the registrant and the administrative contacts listed in the WHOIS information may approve or deny a transfer request. Without limitation, domain name services may not be transferred within sixty (60) days of initial registration, within sixty (60) days of a transfer, if there is a dispute regarding the identity of the domain name registrant, if you are bankrupt, or if you fail to pay fees when due. We will follow the procedures for both gaining and losing registrars as outlined in ICANN’s transfer policies. Transfer requests typically take five (5) business days to be processed. A transfer will not be processed if, during this time, the domain name registration services expire, in which event you may need to reinstate the transfer request following a redemption of the domain name, if any. You may be required to resubmit a transfer request if there is a communication failure or other problem at either our end or at the registry. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR FAILURE OF A TRANSFER WHETHER OR NOT THE TRANSFER PROCESS IS INITIATED CLOSE TO THE END OF A REGISTRATION TERM.
Upon initial registration, we may place a “Registrar Lock” (“clientTransferProhibited” status) on your domain name services and this will prevent your domain name services from being transferred without your authorization, though we are not required to do so. By allowing your domain name services to remain locked, you provide express objection to any and all transfer requests until the lock is removed, which may be done within your Account.
You explicitly authorize us to act as your “Designated Agent” (as defined in ICANN’s transfer policy) to approve each “Change of Registrant” (as defined in ICANN’s transfer policy) on your behalf.
Dispute Resolution Policy
You are bound by all ICANN consensus policies and all policies of any relevant registry, including but not limited to: (i) the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (“UDRP”), which is available at http://www.icann.org/udrp/udrp-rules-24oct99.htm and http://www.icann.org/dndr/udrp/policy.htm along with the UDRP Rules and all Supplemental Rules of any UDRP provider; and (ii) the Uniform Rapid Suspension System (“URS”), which is available at http://newgtlds.icann.org/en/applicants/urs, along with the URS Rules and all Supplemental Rules of any URS provider. The UDRP and URS may be changed by ICANN (or ICANN’s successor) at any time. If the registration or reservation of your domain name is challenged by a third party, you will be subject to the provisions specified in the UDRP and URS in effect at the time your domain name registration is disputed by the third party. In the event a domain name dispute arises with any third party, you will indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions of the UDRP and URS. If you or your domain name is the subject of litigation, we may deposit control of your domain name record into the registry of the judicial body by providing a party with a registrar certificate.
Gen.xyz Content
Except for User Content (as defined below), all content available through the Services, including designs, text, graphics, images, video, information, software, audio, and other files and their selection and arrangement, and all software used to provide the Services (collectively, “Gen.xyz Content”), are the proprietary property of Gen.xyz. Gen.xyz Content may not be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, sold or exploited for any purpose in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement. You may not, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code or other trade secrets from any Gen.xyz Content. Any use of Gen.xyz Content, other than as specifically authorized herein, is prohibited and will automatically terminate your rights to use the Services and any Gen.xyz Content. All rights to use Gen.xyz Content that are not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by Gen.xyz.
User Content
You may be able to upload, store, publish, display and distribute information, text, photos, videos, and other content on or through the Services (collectively, “User Content”). User Content includes any content posted by you or by users of any of your websites hosted through the Services (“User Websites”). You are solely responsible for any and all User Content and any transactions or other activities conducted on or through User Websites. By posting or distributing User Content on or through the Services, you represent and warrant to Gen.xyz that (i) you have all the necessary rights to post or distribute such User Content, and (ii) your posting or distribution of such User Content does not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including intellectual property and trademark rights.
Solely for purposes of providing the Services, you hereby grant to Gen.xyz a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide right and license to: (i) use, reproduce, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), publish, and distribute User Content; and (ii) make archival or back-up copies of User Content and User Websites. Except for the rights expressly granted herein, Gen.xyz does not acquire any right, title or interest in or to the User Content, all of which shall remain solely with you.
Gen.xyz does not exercise control over nor accepts no responsibility for, User Content or the content of any information passing through Gen.xyz’s computers, network hubs and points of presence or the Internet. Gen.xyz does not monitor User Content. However, you acknowledge and agree that Gen.xyz may, but is not obligated to, immediately take any corrective action in Gen.xyz ‘s sole discretion, including without limitation, removal of all or a portion of the User Content or User Websites, and suspend or terminate any and all Services without refund if you violate the terms of this Agreement. You hereby agree that Gen.xyz shall have no liability due to any corrective action that Gen.xyz may take.
Use of Trademarks and Technology
Gen.xyz hereby grants to You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, terminable license, exercisable solely during the term of this Agreement, to use the Technology solely for the purpose of accessing and using the Services. Further, Gen.xyz hereby grants You a non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid up, royalty free, terminable right and license to use Gen.xyz’s trademarks (the “Trademarks”) solely as provided by Gen.xyz and solely as pre-approved in writing in connection with the marketing and promotion of the Services.
Except for the rights expressly granted above, this Agreement does not transfer from Gen.xyz to You or Your customers any Gen.xyz Trademarks, technology or intellectual property rights, and all rights, titles and interests in and to the Trademarks, Technology and intellectual property remain solely with Gen.xyz.
Third Party Products and Services
Third Party Providers
Gen.xyz may offer certain third party products and services. Such products and services may be subject to the terms and conditions of the third party provider. Discounts, promotions, and special third party offers may be subject to additional restrictions and limitations by the third party provider. You should confirm the terms of any purchase and the use of goods or services with the specific third party provider with whom you are dealing.
Gen.xyz does not make any representations or warranties regarding, and is not liable for, the quality, availability, or timeliness of goods or services provided by a third party provider. You undertake all transactions with these third party providers at your own risk. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding third party providers. Gen.xyz is not an agent, representative, trustee, or fiduciary of you or the third party provider in any transaction.
Gen.xyz as Reseller
Gen.xyz may act as a reseller or licensor of certain third party services, hardware, software and equipment used in connection with the Services (“Non Gen.xyz Products”). Gen.xyz shall not be responsible for any changes in the Services that cause any Non Gen.xyz Products to become obsolete, require modification or alteration, or otherwise affect the performance of the Services. Any malfunction or manufacturer’s defects of Non Gen.xyz Products, either sold, licensed, or provided by Gen.xyz to you will not be deemed a breach of Gen.xyz ‘s obligations under this Agreement. Any rights or remedies you may have regarding the ownership, licensing, performance, or compliance of any Non Gen.xyz Product are limited to those rights extended to you by the manufacturer of such Non Gen.xyz Product. You are entitled to use any Non Gen.xyz Product supplied by Gen.xyz only in connection with your use of the Services as permitted under this Agreement. You shall make no attempt to copy, alter, reverse engineer, or tamper with such Non Gen.xyz Product or to use it other than in connection with the Services. You shall not resell, transfer, export or re-export any Non Gen.xyz Product, or any technical data derived therefrom, in violation of any applicable law, rules, or regulations.
Third Party Websites
The Services may contain links to other websites that are not owned by Gen.xyz (“Third Party Sites”), as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, sound, video, information, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (“Third Party Content”). We are not responsible for any Third Party Sites or Third Party Content accessed through the Services. Third Party Sites and Third Party Content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by Gen.xyz. If you decide to access Third Party Sites or to access or use any Third Party Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You are encouraged to review the applicable third party’s terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices of any website to which you navigate.
Account Security and Gen.xyz Systems.
It is your responsibility to ensure that scripts and programs installed under your account are secure and permissions of directories are set properly, regardless of the installation method. Users are ultimately responsible for all actions taken under their account. This includes the compromise of credentials such as user name and password. You are required to use a secure password. If a weak password is used, your account may be suspended until you agree to use a more secure password. Audits may be done to prevent weak passwords from being used. If an audit is performed, and your password is found to be weak, we will notify you and allow time for you to change or update your password before suspending your account.
The Services, including all related equipment, networks and network devices are provided only for authorized customer use. Gen.xyz may, but is not obligated to, monitor our systems, including without limitation, to ensure that use is authorized, to facilitate protection against unauthorized access, and to verify security procedures and operational security. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for authorized purposes. By using the Services, you consent to monitoring for these purposes.
Any account found connecting to a third party network or system without authorization from the third party is subject to suspension. Access to networks or systems outside of your direct control requires the express written consent of the third party. Gen.xyz may, at our discretion, request documentation to prove that your access to a third party network or system is authorized. Any account that is found to be compromised may be disabled and/or terminated. We reserve the right to keep your account disabled.
Gen.xyz reserves the right to migrate your account from one data center to another in order to comply with applicable data center policies, local law, or for technical or other reasons without notice.
HIPAA Disclaimer. We are not “HIPAA compliant.”
You are solely responsible for any applicable compliance with federal or state laws governing the privacy and security of personal data, including medical or other sensitive data. You acknowledge that the Services may not be appropriate for the storage or control of access to sensitive data, such as information about children, medical, or health information. Gen.xyz does not control or monitor the information or data you store on, or transmit through, the Services. We specifically disclaim any representation or warranty that the Services, as offered, comply with the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). Customers requiring secure storage of “protected health information” as defined under HIPAA are expressly prohibited from using the Services for such purposes. Storing and permitting access to “protected health information” is a material violation of this Agreement, and grounds for immediate account termination. We do not sign “Business Associate Agreements” and you agree that Gen.xyz is not a Business Associate or subcontractor or agent of yours pursuant to HIPAA. If you have questions about the security of your data, you should contact hello@gen.xyz.
Compatibility with the Services
You agree to cooperate fully with Gen.xyz in connection with our provision of the Services. It is solely your responsibility to provide any equipment or software that may be necessary for your use of the Services. To the extent that the performance of any of our obligations under this Agreement may depend upon your performance of your obligations, Gen.xyz is not responsible for any delays due to your failure to timely perform your obligations.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that all User Content and User Websites are compatible with the hardware and software used by Gen.xyz to provide the Services, which may be changed by Gen.xyz from time to time in our sole discretion.
You are solely responsible for backing-up all User Content, including but not limited to, any User Websites. Gen.xyz does not warrant that we back-up any User Content, and you agree to accept the risk of loss of any and all User Content.
Billing and Payment Information
Prepayment.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your payment information is updated, and that all invoices are paid on time. You agree to pay for the Services in advance of the time period during which such Services are provided. Subject to applicable laws, rules, and regulations, payments received will be first applied to the oldest outstanding invoice in your billing account.
Taxes.
Listed fees for the Services do not include any applicable sales, use, revenue, excise, or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority. Any applicable taxes will be added to Gen.xyz’s invoice as a separate charge to be paid by you. All fees are non-refundable when paid unless otherwise stated.
Late Payment.
All invoices must be paid within ten (10) days of the invoice due date. Any invoice that is outstanding for more than ten (10) days may result in the suspension or termination of Services. Access to the account will not be restored until payment has been received. If you fail to pay the fees as specified herein, Gen.xyz may suspend or terminate your account and pursue the collection costs incurred by Gen.xyz, including without limitation, any arbitration and legal fees, and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Gen.xyz will not activate new orders or activate new packages for customers who have an outstanding balance on their account.
Domain Payments.
Domain renewal notices are provided as a courtesy reminder and Gen.xyz is not responsible for a failure to renew a domain or a failure to notify a customer about a domain’s renewal. Domain renewals are billed and renewed thirty (30) days before the renew date.
Fraud.
It is a violation of this Agreement for you to misuse or fraudulently use credit cards, charge cards, electronic funds transfers, electronic checks, or any other payment method. Gen.xyz may report any such misuse or fraudulent use, at its sole discretion, to governmental and law enforcement authorities, credit reporting services, financial institutions, and credit card companies.
Invoice Disputes.
You have ninety (90) days to dispute any charge or payment processed by Gen.xyz. If you have any questions concerning a charge on your account, our billing department directly for assistance.
Cancellations and Refunds
Payment Method.
No refunds will be provided if you use any of the following methods of payment: bank wire transfers, Western Union payments, checks and money orders. If you use any of these payment methods, any applicable credit will be posted to your hosting account instead of a refund.
Refunds for Domain name Registrations
There will be no refunds issued for domain name registrations.
Cancellation Process.
You may terminate or cancel the Services by giving Gen.xyz written notice to Gen.xyz. In such event you shall be obligated to pay all fees and charges accrued prior to the effectiveness of such cancellation.
Once we receive your cancellation form and have confirmed all necessary information with you via email, we will inform you in writing that your account has been canceled. Your cancellation confirmation will contain a tracking number in the subject line for your reference and for verification purposes. Gen.xyz will confirm your request and process your cancellation shortly thereafter. If you do not hear back from us, or do not receive the automatic confirmation email within a few minutes after submitting your cancellation form, please contact us immediately at hello@gen.xyz. We require all cancellations to be done through the online form in order to (a) confirm your identity, (b) confirm in writing that you are prepared for all of your files and emails to be removed, and (c) document the request. This process aims to reduce the likelihood of mistakes, fraudulent/malicious requests, and to ensure that you are aware that your files, emails, and account may be removed immediately and permanently after a cancellation request is processed.
Cancellations for shared accounts will be effective on the account’s renewal date.
Domains.
Domain renewals are billed and renewed thirty (30) days before the renewal date. It is your responsibility to notify Gen.xyz via a support ticket created from to cancel any domain registration at least thirty (30) days prior to the renewal date. No refunds will be given once a domain is renewed. All domain registrations and renewals are final.
Promotions
Gen.xyz may run promotions from time to time, including but not limited to promotional discounts for domain name registrations (“Domain Promotion”). There is maximum of one (1) domain promotion per customer or per account during any given promotion. The number of domain promotions may be limited. Generation.XYZ LLC reserves the right to refuse, limit, or cancel a domain promotion, or sale of any domain purchased during a promotion, if it is determine that a customer or account has provided misleading or fraudulent information and/or abused, disrupted, or attempted to circumvent the reservation system.”
Foreign Currencies.
Exchange rate fluctuations for international payments are constant and unavoidable. All refunds are processed in U.S. dollars and will reflect the exchange rate in effect on the date of the refund. All refunds are subject to this fluctuation and Gen.xyz is not responsible for any change in exchange rates between the time of payment and the time of refund.
Termination
Gen.xyz may terminate your access to the Services, in whole or in part, without notice in the event that: (1) you fail to pay any fees due; (2) you violate this Agreement; (3) your conduct may harm Gen.xyz or others or cause Gen.xyz or others to incur liability, as determined by Gen.xyz in our sole discretion; or (4) as otherwise specified in this Agreement. In such event, Gen.xyz shall not refund to you any fees paid in advance of such termination, and you shall be obligated to pay all fees and charges accrued prior to the effectiveness of such termination. Additionally, Gen.xyz may charge you for all fees due for the Services for the remaining portion of the then current term.
UPON TERMINATION OF THE SERVICES FOR ANY REASON, USER CONTENT, USER WEBSITES, AND OTHER DATA WILL BE DELETED.
Price Change
Gen.xyz reserves the right to change prices, the monthly payment amount, or any other charges at any time. It is your sole responsibility to periodically review billing information provided by Gen.xyz through the user billing tool or through other methods of communication, including notices sent or posted by Gen.xyz.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL GEN.XYZ ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, OR ANY USER CONTENT, USER WEBSITES OR OTHER MATERIALS ACCESSED OR DOWNLOADED THROUGH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF GEN.XYZ IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, GEN.XYZ ‘S LIABILITY TO YOU, OR ANY PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU, FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO GEN.XYZ FOR THE SERVICES IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE INITIAL ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. THIS IS AN AGGREGATE LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM HEREUNDER WILL NOT INCREASE THIS LIMIT.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Gen.xyz, our affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (each an “Indemnified Party” and, collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, suits, actions, demands, proceedings (whether legal or administrative), and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees) threatened, asserted, or filed by a third party against any of the Indemnified Parties arising out of or relating to (i) your use of the Services, (ii) any third party services related to the Services; (iii) any breach or violation by you of this Agreement; (iv) your violation of any law or third-party’s rights; or (v) any acts or omissions by you. The terms of this section shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Independent Contractors
The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors and have no right or authority to bind or commit the other party in any way without the other party’s express written authorization to do so. This Agreement does not create an employer/employee, joint venture, partnership, or agency relationship between the parties.
Arbitration
By using the Services, you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in connection with any dispute relating to, concerning or arising out of this Agreement. Payment of all filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules, unless otherwise stated in this paragraph. In the event you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Gen.xyz will pay as much of your filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. The arbitration before the AAA shall proceed solely on an individual basis without the right for any claims to be arbitrated on a class action basis or on bases involving claims brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of others. The Federal Arbitration Act, and not any state arbitration law, governs all arbitration under this paragraph. All decisions rendered by the arbitrator will be binding and final. The arbitrator’s award is final and binding on all parties. The arbitrator’s authority to resolve and make written awards is limited to claims between you and Gen.xyz alone. Claims may not be joined or consolidated unless agreed to in writing by all parties. No arbitration award or decision will have any preclusive effect as to issues or claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a named party to the arbitration. If you initiate litigation or any other proceeding against Gen.xyz in violation of this paragraph, you agree to pay Gen.xyz ‘s reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with our enforcement of this paragraph.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the formation of this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement, including any claim based upon an alleged tort, shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Nevada.
Disclaimer of Warranties
GEN.XYZ DOES NOT WARRANT THAT PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES OR USE OF THE TECHNOLOGY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, OR THAT IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR YOU TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF ERRORS TO YOUR CUSTOMERS OR SUB-RESELLERS.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, LICENSES, OR SERVICES OR SIMILAR ECONOMIC LOSS, OR FOR ANY PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, UNDER ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER RIGHT HEREUNDER, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR ANY CLAIM AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY BY A THIRD PARTY, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIM OR DAMAGES.
Backups and Data Loss
Your use of the Services is at your sole risk. Gen.xyz is not responsible for files and/or data residing on your account. You agree to take full responsibility for all files and data transferred and to maintain all appropriate backup of files and data stored on Gen.xyz ‘s servers.
Limited Warranty
THE SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE BASIS.” EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION, GEN.XYZ AND OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, FOR THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER. GEN.XYZ AND OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (I) THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR COMPLETELY SECURE; (II) AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES; OR (III) AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES. GEN.XYZ AND OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS ARE NOT LIABLE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY, FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY DATA TRANSFERRED EITHER TO OR FROM USERS OR STORED BY USERS ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Disclosure to Law Enforcement
Gen.xyz may disclose User information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the User upon lawful request from such agencies.
Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, including documents incorporated herein by reference, supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations, and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and this Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the parties with respect to the matters covered hereby.
Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement.
Changes to the Agreement or the Services
Gen.xyz may modify, add, or delete portions of this Agreement at any time. If we have made significant changes to this Agreement, and will indicate at the bottom of this Agreement the date of the last revision. Any revisions to this Agreement will become effective when posted unless otherwise provided. You agree to any modification to this Agreement by continuing to use the Services after the effective date of any such modification.
Gen.xyz reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of the Services at any time.
Severability
If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement is found to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions or portions (unless otherwise specified) thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Waiver
No failure or delay by you or Gen.xyz to exercise any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise of any right or remedy. No express waiver of, or assent to, any breach of or default in any term or condition of this Agreement by any party hereto shall constitute a waiver of, or an assent to, any succeeding breach of or default in the same or any other term or condition hereof.
Assignment; Successors
You may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any of your rights or obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of Gen.xyz. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be void and of no force or effect whatsoever. Gen.xyz may assign our rights and obligations under this Agreement, and may engage subcontractors or agents in performing our duties and exercising our rights hereunder, without the consent of User. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be in default or liable for any loss or damage resulting from delays in performance or from failure to perform or comply with terms of this Agreement due to any causes beyond its reasonable control, which causes include but are not limited to Acts of God or the public enemy; riots and insurrections; war; fire; strikes and other labor difficulties (whether or not the party is in a position to concede to such demands); embargoes; judicial action; lack of or inability to obtain export permits or approvals, necessary labor, materials, energy, components or machinery; acts of civil or military authorities; failure of telecommunications; or other casualty.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended, nor shall anything herein be construed to confer any rights in any person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, user acknowledges and agrees that any supplier of a third-party product or service that is identified as a third-party beneficiary in the service description, is an intended third-party beneficiary of the provisions set forth in this Agreement as they relate specifically to its products or services and shall have the right to enforce directly the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to its products or services against user as if it were a party to this Agreement.
Additional ICANN Resources
Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy
About Uniform Rapid Suspension System (URS)
Registrants’ Benefits and Responsibilities