https://go.citadel.edu/privacy/
Skip to main content
Search The Citadel for:
Administration
https://go.citadel.edu/administration
Annual Events
https://go.citadel.edu/annual-events
Office of Communications and Marketing
https://go.citadel.edu/communications-marketing
The Citadel's Website
https://go.citadel.edu/web
Close the search
The Citadel Menu
Home
Apply Online
Request Info
Visit Campus
Virtual Tour
The Citadel is committed to safeguarding and maintaining the privacy of your personal information.  In order for the college to provide our services, it is necessary for us to collect and use personal information of our website visitors. This Privacy Notice describes our practices with regards to the collection and processing of personal information through the college websites.By continuing to use and interact with The Citadel’s website and by providing The Citadel your personal information, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Information Collected
In general, The Citadel collects and processes two types of information through its websites: (1) information voluntarily provided by you in order to receive requested information and/or services, and (2) information automatically collected upon your navigation of our websites.
Information You Provide
The Citadel collects information about you when you interact with our websites. The Citadel processes the information you provide from the devices used when you access our websites, including, for example, when you request information, register an account, log in to the website, submit a test, register for courses, complete a web form, add or update your account information, or otherwise correspond with the college via our websites.
Information Automatically Collected
When you use The Citadel’s websites, the college also automatically collects information about the devices you use to visit The Citadel websites, including computers, tablets, and mobile phones.  We automatically collect your device identifier, web browser, IP address, and browsing information collected through cookies and beacons.  The Citadel also automatically collects information about how you use the websites, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the websites. .
Cookies and Other Technologies We and Our Third-Party Advertising Service Providers Use
The Citadel website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling targeted ads you receive and how we use your data.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or other advertising companies: The Citadel partners with vendors who belong to the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
Our partners also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
Our partners also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their Your Online Choices website.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again.If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes, but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling targeted ads you receive and how we use your data.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or other advertising companies:
The Citadel partners with vendors who belong to the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
Our partners also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
Our partners also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their Your Online Choices website.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again.If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes, but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.