https://go.umhb.edu/privacy-terms
Privacy & Terms
/
Privacy & Terms
Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor is committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this Privacy Policy and are providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect and use your information and the efforts we use to protect it. Please note that this policy is for the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor; it does not apply to other sites that you may link to from our site. Please check the privacy policies on those sites for more information.
UMHB.edu is owned and operated by the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor in Belton, Texas, in the United States of America. Our mailing address is:
University of Mary Hardin-Baylor900 College StreetBelton, TX 76513
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor recognizes the need for people to control the use and management of personal information. By personal information we mean information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. This includes a first and last name, a physical address, an email address, a student id number, or a phone number. If you are visiting our site to learn about the university, you do not need to provide any personal information. If you decide to make a request a visit or viewbook, register for an event, make a purchase or donation, however, we do collect this information so that we can provide you with the product or service you requested and so that we can contact you with information regarding your order. We refer to any of these actions as “orders” through the rest of this policy.
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which generally prohibits the release of student educational records without student permission.
Our Web sites makes use of various technologies to collect information about types and versions of internet browsers used when accessing our Web sites. This information, and information about internet IP addresses, as well as date and time Web pages are visited are stored in various security and traffic logs. Our service provider reviews these logs, using statistical analysis, in an effort to track and predict traffic patterns and estimate resource needs. Unless we are tracking down a technical problem or we suspect either fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct, we do not trace specific user sessions.
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor uses personal information provided by you so that we can service your order. Also note that we may need to transfer that information to our agents or employees of our service providers. For example, we may need to provide your address to a wholesaler or a shipping company that will ship a product directly to you. We will only transfer the information to the extent necessary to provide the requested information, service, or product to you. We will not sell or trade your information to unrelated third parties. When you submit an order you will receive an email confirmation from our system. As your order status changes you may also receive notifications via email. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We may also periodically send you email notifications concerning products or services. Any such notification will include instructions for opting out of future mailings.
We do partner with other third parties to provide various products and services. When you sign up for these services or products we will share required personal information that is necessary for the third party to provide the product or service to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. It is also against our policy to sell or trade information collected online without user consent. We may, however, release personal information if we are legally required to do so. If we are legally compelled to release information to a third party, the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor, may or may not notify you of this release. Notification will be at the discretion of the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor and will be based on the nature and conditions surrounding the release of information.
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor's Web sites are targeted to college students and as such are not meant to attract children. We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone we know to be under thirteen years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under thirteen years of age and believe that your child has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may remove the child's information.
Our Web sites use cookies, session identifiers, JavaScript(tm), and browser detection technology to provide users with a more pleasant online experience. Many browsers provide users with the ability to disable some or all of these technologies. Disabling them, especially in the case of JavaScript(tm), may prevent you from viewing some Web pages. Note that the cookies we use do not place any personally identifiable information on your computer.
Third-party vendors, such as Google and Facebook, may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads or deliver content on other websites based on your visits to our sites. These third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Site, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
Information automatically collected by third parties may be used by third parties, among other things, to analyze and track data, to solicit donations, to deliver advertising or content on other websites based on your prior activities on this or other sites or targeted to your interests, and to better understand the usage and visitation of our sites and the other sites tracked by these third parties. To manage settings for the Google advertising cookies and to opt-out of certain features, visit their Ad Settings.
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor takes reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected. On our Web sites, we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting your personal information. Our Web sites are hosted in data centers that make use of multiple levels of firewalls and database encryption to protect information. Internally, we limit access to your information to those employees or agents who we believe have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs.
All University of Mary Hardin-Baylor Web Sites conform to this privacy statement unless an alternative privacy statement is explicitly provided on that site.
The University of Mary Hardin-Baylor first established a privacy policy in June of 2003. We periodically make changes to the policy to reflect additions or changes to our practices. You may review the current policy at anytime by returning to this Web page. This policy was last changed on July 29, 2016.
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us using the information provided below.
ContactPlease direct all privacy related questions and concerns to the following address:
University of Mary Hardin-BaylorATTN: Privacy IssuesUMHB Box 8005900 College StreetBelton, TX 76513
Terms of Use Use of the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor website (the "Site") and the content contained herein (the "Site") is governed by the terms of this Agreement (the "Agreement") between you and University of Mary Hardin-Baylor ("UMHB"). Your use of this Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you must immediately cease using this Site.
The Site is subject to protection under copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights owned, controlled or licensed by UMHB and its affiliates or by third parties. These rights are protected by common law, state laws, and U.S. and international laws. UMHB expressly reserves all rights, titles, and interests in and to all copyrights, trade names, logos, patents and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in and to the Site, including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets"; the overall "look and feel", processes, software, technology, and other materials which appear on this Site; and the business processes used to market products and services. You agree that your rights are limited to those granted herein, and you will not acquire any rights except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for your use or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" or (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.The Site may contain robot exclusion headers. Much of the information on the Site is updated on a regular basis and is proprietary or is licensed to UMHB by our suppliers and other third parties. You agree not to use any device, technique, software, system or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with, or to otherwise circumvent the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, device, technique, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, scrapers, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate, access or search this Site, other than generally available third party web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer(tm), Google Chrome(tm), Apple Safari(tm) and Mozilla Firefox(tm). Additionally, you agree that you will not take any action that imposes or may impose (in the sole discretion of us or our suppliers affected by your action) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, or the bandwidth or infrastructure of the company that hosts this Site, or bypass the robot exclusion headers or other measures on this Site or on the host servers that may be used to prevent or restrict access.UMHB will not be liable for damages resulting from any failure caused by events beyond its control, by any act of God, such as a power failure, or by any other cause not within the control of UMHB.If you violate any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement terminates immediately without notice. UMHB may deny access to the Site to you and anyone claiming by or through you without liability to anyone. UMHB shall have all additional rights and remedies at law and in equity arising from such violation. Further, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold UMHB, and its affiliates, suppliers, employees and agents harmless from all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising out of or relating to any such prohibited use of the Site. If you violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, they have all remedies at law and in equity to enforce their rights against you to the extent applicable arising from your actions.Any delay or failure to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit such rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. The laws of Texas, U.S.A. will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement. All claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Bell County, Texas, USA, and you and UMHB consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions.This Agreement represents the entire agreement between you and UMHB regarding the use of the Site.
Virtual Tour
Apply Today
Visit Us