https://golfcanada.ca/privacy-policy/
Login
EN
FR
Provincial Sites
National Site
Golf Canada
Provincial Sites
British Columbia Golf
Alberta Golf
Golf Saskatchewan
Golf Manitoba
Golf Ontario
Golf Québec
Golf New Brunswick
Nova Scotia Golf Association
Prince Edward Island Golf Association
Golf Newfoundland Labrador
MENU
Privacy at Golf Canada
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Golf Canada commitment to privacy
Golf Canada respects the importance of individual privacy and is pleased to be your provider of member-related services. Providing you with reliable service requires that we collect and retain certain personal information about you. We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and we have developed policies and procedures in compliance with applicable federal and provincial privacy legislation.
This Privacy Statement is intended to provide a general summary of Golf Canada’s approach to privacy. Our full Privacy Policy is available here.
We would like to take this opportunity to inform you about the personal information that we collect, how it is used, how we protect its confidentiality and your rights with respect to this information.
The nature of personal information we collect may include:
Information we receive from you such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, general payment information;
Facts about your historical and current consumption of services;
Information about your transactions with us, such as account number, account balances, payment history, and account activity;
Information about your golf club, your Handicap Factor, and information about your parent/guardian (for juniors).
The information we collect is used for the following purposes:
To inform you of Golf Canada programs, services and benefits
To provide you with Golf Canada programs, merchandise and services and to bill you for those services;
To understand customer and member needs and preferences, and to recommend programs, merchandise and services;
To assist us in the collection of your account;
To respond to your inquiries about service use;
To prevent fraud with respect to both you and our companies;
To meet legal and regulatory requirements.
In some cases, it may be necessary to share your information with third party agencies, who perform services on our behalf. For example, if you have signed a separate contract for home delivery of Golf Canada, we may provide your information to the party contracted to distribute our magazine. Your information may also be shared or disclosed to other agencies or organizations as required by law or regulation.
We recognize that your information is private. We have developed a corporate privacy policy that governs our collection, use and protection of personal information. To access our full Privacy Policy, click here. Our Privacy Policy may be updated periodically. By communicating with Golf Canada, visiting our website, or providing us with personal information, you are consenting to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
We want to ensure you understand our need to collect and use personal information in the delivery of our services. Should you have any questions about Golf Canada’s practices with respect to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, you may contact our Privacy Officer at the address provided below. You may also contact our Privacy Officer if you wish to withdraw your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information.
You have the right to request access to your personal information, which we have collected, and to request amendments to personal information about you to ensure its accuracy and completeness. To make a request for access to personal information we may have collected, disclosed or used about you or to request that your personal information be amended, please contact our Privacy Officer.
You may write to our Privacy officer at:
1333 Dorval Drive, Suite 1
Oakville, ON L6M 4X7
E-mail: privacy@golfcanada.ca
Golf Canada is committed to being the responsible and reliable service provider that you expect. This commitment extends to the protection of an individual’s personal information. Thank you for your continued support.