https://gouldacademy.org/gould-privacy-policy/
About
Overview
Mission
Head of School
Board of Trustees
Employee
Directory
Events
Careers
Contact
School Calendar
Covid Resources
Admissions
Overview
Apply
Application Timeline
Open House
Merit-Based Scholarships
Tuition & Financial Aid
Visit Gould
Contact Us
On The Road
Campus Map
Winter Term Program
Academics
Overview
Remote Learning Guide 2020
Academic Skills Program
College Counseling
Computer Science
English
Overview
Summer Reading & Learning
Richard Blanco Writers Series
English Studies Program
History
IDEAS Center
Mathematics
Sanborn Family Library
Science
World Languages
Course Catalog
Athletics
Overview
Athletic Schedules
Fall
Overview
Cross Country Running
Equestrian
Field Hockey
Golf
Mountain Biking
Boys’ Soccer
Girls’ Soccer
Winter
Overview
Boys’ Basketball
Girls’ Basketball
Prep Alpine Ski
Prep Snowboarding
Prep Nordic Ski
On-Snow
Spring
Overview
Baseball
Boys’ Lacrosse
Girls’ Lacrosse
Road Cycling
Skateboarding
Softball
Boys’ Tennis
Girls’ Tennis
Arts
Overview
Performing Arts
Overview
Manhattan School of Music
Visual Arts
On-Snow
Overview
Alpine
Freestyle / Freeskiing / Freeride
Nordic
Snowboarding
Winter Term Program
Gap Year Alpine Program
Facilities
Training Camps
Co-Curricular On-Snow
Overview
Ski Patrol
Learn to Instruct
Ski and Ride
Maine Adaptive Instruction
Race to the Top – Surface Lift
Gould Life
Overview
Student Advisory Program
Community Guide
Weekly Schedule
Residential Life
The Campus
Health Services
Experiential Learning Program
Four Point Program
Ninth Grade Program
Tenth Grade Program
International Program
Co-Curricular Activities
Clubs and Leadership
Academic Help Centers
Gould Goes Social
Give
Overview
The Gould Fund
Donor List
Planned Giving
Gift of Stock
The Advancement Team
Race to the Top – Surface Lift
Donor-Advised Funds
Parents
Overview
School Calendar
Community Guide
Blog
Alumni
Overview
Gould Community Directory
Alumni Weekend
Legacy Award
Athletic Hall of Fame
Alumni Board
The GAzette
Alumni Events
Alumni Honors
Trustees
Summer Programs
Overview
College Art Portfolio Intensive Camp
French Language Camp
Gould Academy Summer Experience
Mountain Bike Camp
Robots, Drones, and ROVs
Trampoline Camp
Veterinary Science Camp
Students
Gould Privacy Policy
Gould Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://gouldacademy.org.
To reduce the risk of unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
As effective as our safeguards are, no security system for data is completely impenetrable.
Therefore, Gould Academy cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information you supply will not be intercepted by others.
We also work with other vendors to help provide you with services and information. You can read more about their policies:
Vendor Privacy Policies:Alexandria: http://www.goalexandria.com/privacy-policy/Authorize.net: https://www.authorize.net/solutions/merchantsolutions/merchantservices/security/Canvas: https://www.canvaslms.com/policies/privacyConstant Contact: https://www.endurance.com/privacy/privacyGoogle: https://edu.google.com/trust/Graduway: https://info.graduway.com/privacy-policyMagnus Health: http://magnushealth.com/privacy-policy/Naviance: https://succeed.naviance.com/auth/signin#/privacyPG Calc: https://www.pgcalc.com/pg-calc-website-privacy-policySCOIR: https://www.scoir.com/privacy-policy#:~:text=Scoir%20is%20extremely%20committed%20to,we%20collect%20about%20our%20users.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address, and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have further questions or concerns, please contact the Communications Office.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks