https://gracehomeschools.org/termsofuse.aspx
Grace Home School Association
Home
F.A.Q.'s
Forms & Essentials
Application - Form
Attendance Record
Brochure
Calendar and Deadlines
Diploma Order Form
Graduation Reservation
Junior and Senior Information Letter
Handbook
High School Transcript Request
High School Record
Membership Letter
One Time Transcript Request
The Law
Resources
Store
Terms of Use
Welcome to Grace School Associations. Grace School Associations and its affiliates provide their services
to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at
Grace School Associations, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In
addition, when you use any current or future Grace School Associations service or visit or
purchase from any business affiliated with Grace School Associations, whether or not
included in the Grace School Associations Web site, you also will be subject to the
guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to
Grace School Associations, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit Grace School Associations or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with
us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us
electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on
this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other
communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal
requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons,
images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the
property of Grace School Associations or its content suppliers and protected by United
States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this
site is the exclusive property of Grace School Associations and protected by U.S. and
international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of
Grace School Associations or its software suppliers and protected by United States and
international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Grace School Associations, and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks
of Grace School Associations, Inc. or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other
countries. Grace School Associations graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts,
and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Grace School Associations, Inc. or its
subsidiaries. other trademarks not owned by Grace School Associations or its subsidiaries
that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may
or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Grace School Associations or
its subsidiaries.
License And Site Access
Grace School Associations grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of
this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any
portion of it, except with express written consent of Grace School Associations. This
license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its
contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or
prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or
copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use
of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This
site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied,
sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose
without express written consent of Grace School Associations. You may not frame or utilize
framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary
information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Grace School Associations and
our affiliates without express written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates
the permission or license granted by Grace School Associations. You are granted a limited,
revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of
Grace School Associations so long as the link does not portray Grace School Associations, its affiliates,
or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise
offensive matter. You may not use any Grace School Associations logo or other proprietary
graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and
you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account or password. Grace School Associations does sell products for children, but it sells
them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you
may use Grace School Associations only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Grace School Associations and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate
accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Reviews, Comments, Communications And Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; send e-cards and other
communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other
information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening,
defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or
otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of
or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation,
chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false
e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to
the origin of a card or other content. Grace School Associations reserves the right (but not
the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review
posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we
indicate otherwise, you grant Grace School Associations and its affiliates a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from,
distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You
grant Grace School Associations and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the
name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You
represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to
the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the
content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to
any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Grace School Associations or its
affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Grace School Associations has
the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or
content. Grace School Associations takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any
content posted by you or any third party.
Copyright Complaints
Grace School Associations and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If
you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of
Copyright Infringement.
Risk Of Loss
All items purchased from Grace School Associations are made pursuant to a shipment contract.
This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our
delivery to the carrier.
Product Descriptions
Grace School Associations and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However,
Grace School Associations does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of
this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product
offered by Grace School Associations itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to
return it in unused condition.
Pricing
Except where noted otherwise, the List Price displayed for products on our
website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself,
suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with
standard industry practice. The List Price is a comparative price estimate and
may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular
day. For certain items that are offered as a set, the List Price may represent
"open-stock" prices, which means the aggregate of the manufacturer's estimated
or suggested retail price for each of the items included in the set. Where an
item is offered for sale by one of our merchants, the List Price may be
provided by the merchant. With respect to items sold by Grace School Associations, we cannot
confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do NOT charge your
credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. Despite
our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced.
If we discover a mispricing, we will do one of the following:
If an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the
lower amount and ship you the item.
If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our
discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your
order and notify you of such cancellation.
Please note that this policy applies only to products sold and shipped by
Grace School Associations. Your purchases from third-party sellers using Grace School Associations
Payments are charged at the time you place your order, and third-party sellers
may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.
Other Businesses
Parties other than Grace School Associations and its subsidiaries operate stores, provide
services, or sell product lines on this site. For example, Ofoto.com offers
Photo Services in our Camera and Photo store, and other businesses and
individuals offer products in zShops and Auctions. In addition, we provide
links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are
not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the
offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their
Web sites. Grace School Associations does not assume any responsibility or liability for the
actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You
should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Grace School Associations ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
Grace School Associations MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT,
MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE
OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE
LAW, Grace School Associations DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Grace School Associations DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS,
OR E-MAIL SENT FROM Grace School Associations ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. Grace School Associations WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT
ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT
HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law
By visiting Grace School Associations, you agree that the laws of the state of Washington,
without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions
of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and
Grace School Associations or its affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Grace School Associations or to products
you purchase through Grace School Associations shall be submitted to confidential
arbitration in Seattle, Washington, except that, to the extent you have in any
manner violated or threatened to violate Amazon.com's intellectual property
rights, Grace School Associations may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any
state or federal court in the state of Washington, and you consent to exclusive
jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall
be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration
Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a
judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be
joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement,
whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modification, And Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this
site. These policies also govern your visit to Grace School Associations. We reserve the
right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any
time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not
affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement,
please provide Amazon.com's copyright agent the written information specified below. Please
note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Grace School Associations and its affiliates that your
copyrighted material has been infringed.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site,
including the auction ID number, if applicable;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your
notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the
copyright owner's behalf.
Grace School Associations Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be
reached as follows:
Copyright Agent
Grace School Associations Legal Department
3336 West Palmetto Street, Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 667-9777
Fax: (843) 667-8833
Email: contactus@graceemail.org
Courier address:
Copyright Agent
Grace School Associations Legal Department
3336 West Palmetto Street, Florence, SC 29501 USA
Home School Legal Defense Association
HSLDA
Grace Group # 299324
School Code for SAT, ACT, and PSAT # 411361
Hours of Operation
September - April
M - F | 9AM - 2PM
May - August
M - Th | 9AM - 5PM
F | 9AM - 2PM
Contact Information
3336 West Palmetto Street
Florence, SC 29501
Telephone (843) 667-9777
Facsimile (843) 667-8833
contactus@graceemail.org
Map/Directions
Facebook
© 1998-2018 Grace School Association. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use