https://gracehomeschools.org/privacypolicy.aspx
Grace Home School Association
Home
F.A.Q.'s
Forms & Essentials
Application - Form
Attendance Record
Brochure
Calendar and Deadlines
Diploma Order Form
Graduation Reservation
Junior and Senior Information Letter
Handbook
High School Transcript Request
High School Record
Membership Letter
One Time Transcript Request
The Law
Resources
Store
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Grace School Associations
Updated July 22, 2005
Grace School Associations has always (and will always) respect our members' privacy
to the highest degree possible. We use the information we collect from you in order to
maintain the smooth operation of our website, mailing lists, and associations. We will
never share your information with any outside parties or agencies.
The following privacy policy statement explains in detail what information we collect,
how we use that information, and your options about the way we collect and use your
information.
We collect minimal information
You may contact us via various contact forms, email links, and our regular postal
address. We use your contact information solely to reply to your question or comments.
We do not share email addresses or postal addresses with outside parties without your
permission.
Your children's privacy
We seek to protect the privacy of your children on our website. Our Class of pages
show children in each graduating class for years to come. We do this for several
reasons. One is to share pictures with others who are homeschooling. Often a child
will feel like they are the only one on the planet with a parent who wants to homeschool
them. How comforting to see scores of pictures of real kids their age, who are doing the
very same thing! We do ask you not to post their full name, address, or other personally
identifiable information.
Some technical details about the information we collect
Our website software uses your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a numeric address that
only computers read) in the maintenance and tracking of the system. We don't share
your IP information with others.
Links to other sites
Our site contains links to other sites that we feel may benefit you. We are not
responsible for the privacy policies or content of any of these linked sites. We review
these links periodically, but please let us know if you feel any links are inappropriate for
our site.
Unsubscribing from our listserver
In every listserver message you receive from us, unsubscribe instructions are included
at the bottom of the message. If you wish to unsubscribe from any mailing list, please
use those instructions.
Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns about this statement, please contact us at:
Grace School Associations
3336 West Palmetto Street
Florence, SC 29501
Email: contactus@graceemail.org
Home School Legal Defense Association
HSLDA
Grace Group # 299324
School Code for SAT, ACT, and PSAT # 411361
Hours of Operation
September - April
M - F | 9AM - 2PM
May - August
M - Th | 9AM - 5PM
F | 9AM - 2PM
Contact Information
3336 West Palmetto Street
Florence, SC 29501
Telephone (843) 667-9777
Facsimile (843) 667-8833
contactus@graceemail.org
Map/Directions
Facebook
© 1998-2018 Grace School Association. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use