https://grad.uconn.edu/policy/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to UConn Search
Skip to Content
UConn
University of Connecticut school of
University of Connecticut
Search University of Connecticut
Search UConn
A to Z Index
UConn A to Z Index
Site A-Z
UConn A-Z
Policies and Procedures
The Nuremberg War Trials archive being converted to digital files as part of a conservation project
Prospective, Current, and Postdoc Students
Academic Integrity
Policy on Academic Integrity in Graduate Education and Research
Complaint and Appeal Resolution
Complaint, Appeal, and Hearing Procedures
Language Proficiency
Policy on Waiver of Language Proficiency Examinations (Admissions)
Trainees and Fellowships
Post Doctoral Trainees and Fellows Policy
Training Grants - Health Benefits for Fellows
Policy on Non-Federal Fellowship Awards
Policy on Competitive Federal Graduate Awards
Appeals of Assigned Course Grades
The Graduate School follows the procedures outlined in the By-Laws of the University Senate. Those procedures can be found under the section titled Scholastic Standing, and can be accessed here.
Faculty/Staff
Academic Integrity
Policy on Academic Integrity in Graduate Education and Research
Awarding Graduate Degrees to Faculty
Policy Concerning Awarding of Graduate Degrees to Faculty
University Policies & Procedures
Information regarding policies and procedures of the University of Connecticut can be accessed here: policy.uconn.edu.
As explained on that site,
A University policy is an official statement expressing the position of the University on an issue of institution-wide importance. A policy guides the decisions and actions of the institution and is consistent with its mission. As such it meets the following criteria:
The administrative authority of the University and its governing boards has sanctioned it.
It has a broad institution-wide application.
It is a governing principle for both established and future activities of the University.
It exists to ensure consistency in University practice to conform with the University's mission and goals, Federal and State legislation, collective bargaining agreements and other legal requirements.
Procedures and protocols are methods established for the implementation of policies. If a policy is "what" the institution does, its procedures and protocols are "how" it carries out the requirements of a policy. Procedures and protocols should not be included in the main body of a University policy; rather they should be listed following the University policy or maintained separately.
The Graduate School abides by all university policies, and takes the lead on those policies that affect graduate education and post-doctoral fellows and research associates. In addition, the Graduate School has established procedures and protocols relevant to implementation of specific policies within the jurisdiction of the Graduate School.
Definitions, policies, and procedures of particular relevance to the Graduate School include:
Policy Against Discrimination, Harassment and Inappropriate Romantic Relationships
Effective August 7, 2013, the Board of Trustees approved a new University Policy Against Discrimination, Harassment and Inappropriate Romantic Relationships. The policy was created to further UConn’s continuity of assured mutual respect free of discrimination or discriminatory harassment directed toward any person or group within our community.
Policy Details and Available Forms
Smoking policy
The University of Connecticut recognizes that tobacco use is a leading cause of preventable illness, disease and death in the United States and that exposure to second-hand smoke also contributes significantly to preventable illness, disease and death.  This policy is in keeping with the University’s goal to provide a safe and healthy working and learning environment and it ensures compliance with Connecticut General Statute 31-40q(d) and 19a-342.
Policy details
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
The University of Connecticut Police Department provides the Uniform Crime Report annually to the University community. Statistics are gathered at the Storrs campus and all the regional campuses that are part of the University. View the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report. A paper copy is available upon request.
Graduate School Policies and Procedures
Organizational
By-Laws of the Graduate School
By-Laws, Rules, and Regulations of the Graduate Faculty Council
Graduate Academic Programs
FERPA
Student Code
Data and Records
Use of Alumni Data
Policy on the Use of Graduate Alumni Data
Graduate Student Affairs Record Policy (PDF)
COVID-19 Info for Graduate Education
Contact Information
860-486-3617
gradschool@uconn.edu
The Whetten Graduate Center,
Second Floor
University of Connecticut
438 Whitney Road Extension, Unit-1152
Storrs, CT 06269-1152
8:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
FacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
UConn TodayCOVID-19 Vaccine on Its Way Soon Bringing Hope for the HolidaysFirst COVID-19 Outpatients Receive Monoclonal Antibodies at UConn HealthCommemorating International Human Rights DayHealth Care Innovation Students Tackle Workplace Inefficiencies Brought to Light by COVID-19UConn MBA Wants to Make It Easier to Shop Local
Upcoming Defenses
Dec
14
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Danielle Heichel2:30pm
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Danielle Heichel
Monday, December 14th, 2020
02:30 PM - 05:00 PM
Storrs Campus
Online
Design and Synthesis of Silk Fibroin Conjugates for Cell and Tissue InterfacesPolymer Science
Contact Information: Kelly A. Burke, kelly.burke@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Of Jasmin Portelinha10:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Of Jasmin Portelinha
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Storrs Campus
https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/uconn-cmr/j.php?MTID=m6e2830c6fa146f8bae7e67be6600a03a
In Depth Analysis of the Metal Binding Interaction and Mode of Action of the Antimicrobial Peptide Gaduscidin-1Chemistry
Contact Information: Dr. Alfredo Angeles-Boza, alfredo.angeles-boza@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Ji-Woong Park11:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Ji-Woong Park
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
11:00 AM - 01:00 PM
Other
https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/meet/til08003
Reduced Chemical Kinetic Models for Real-Fuels and Computational Flame Diagnostics of Premixed CombustionMechanical EngineeringMeeting Link: https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/meet/til08003
Contact Information: Tianfeng Lu, tianfeng.lu@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Taoran Hui1:00pm
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Taoran Hui
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
01:00 PM - 03:00 PM
Storrs Campus
IMS 212
Kinetic Study of Surfactant-Free Graphene Exfoliation and its Applications in Conductive FilmChemistry
Contact Information: Douglas Adamson, douglas.adamson@uconn.edu
More
Dec
16
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Steven Manicastri10:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Steven Manicastri
Wednesday, December 16th, 2020
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Storrs Campus
Hosted on Webex
“Whatever It Takes”: How the MCU Avenges Neoliberal HegemonyPolitical Sciencehttps://uconn-cmr.webex.com/uconn-cmr/j.php?MTID=m80411a9cb29b298851e6581ada80f3ffWednesday, Dec 16, 2020 10:00 am | 2 hours | (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)Meeting number: 120 798 0645Password: XtMejW38Hu37390666e053443a4a13af61654d61d0e
Contact Information: Frederick Lee, fred.lee@uconn.edu
More