https://grad.uconn.edu/postdocs/policies-benefits/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to UConn Search
Skip to Content
UConn
University of Connecticut school of
University of Connecticut
Search University of Connecticut
Search UConn
A to Z Index
UConn A to Z Index
Site A-Z
UConn A-Z
Policies & Benefits
Rui Pereira, a post doctoral researcher storing samples in the Yarish lab
Definitions
Postdoctoral Research Fellowship: A Postdoctoral Research Fellow is a researcher holding a doctoral degree (or equivalent) who conducts research supported by an individual fellowship award (ex. National Institutes of Health National Research Service Award Postdoctoral Fellowship) or institutional training grant (ex. NIH/NSF Training Grant). Research Fellows receive a stipend as a condition of the award/grant. They do not receive payment for services performed and are not considered employees of the University.
Postdoctoral Research Associate: A Postdoctoral Research Associate is a researcher holding a doctoral degree (or equivalent) whose appointment is associated either with an individual research grant from an external sponsor or with departmental/school resources that is paid by the University. The individual is an employee of the University and is compensated for services performed.
Compensation of Postdoctoral Appointees
Postdoctoral Research Fellowships: Stipends associated with Postdoctoral Research Fellowships are governed by the conditions of the individual award/grant. Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (including traineeships) are often prestigious and highly sought after awards to the individual and institution.  However, the monetary value of postdoctoral fellowships that do not meet the minimum stipend levels established by the NIH NRSA program should be carefully discussed with the individual’s mentor/principal investigator, The Graduate School, and Sponsored Program Services prior to application to discuss the feasibility of meeting gaps in funding commensurate with standard living expenses.
Postdoctoral Research Associates: Compensation associated with initial appointment of a full-time Postdoctoral Research Associate must equal or exceed the amount associated with the National Institutes of Health (NIH) National Research Service Award (NRSA) zero year level of experience stipend amount. Compensation associated with reappointment of a full-time Postdoctoral Research Associate is expected to conform with the most recent NIH NRSA scale, with the understanding that all compensation is based on availability of funding and satisfactory job performance.
Postdoctoral Research Associates are typically given an annual appointment at 40 hours per week. A shorter appointment or a part-time appointment is also possible, provided that the appointment is at least half time (50%) for the period and that the rate of compensation equals or exceeds the pro-rated NRSA minimum. The compensation afforded to a part-time Postdoctoral Research Associate must be pro-rated to meet or exceed the NRSA minimums on a per-hour basis. For example, a Postdoctoral Research Associate placed in a 50% appointment may only work 20 hours per week. A Postdoctoral Research Associate placed in a 90% appointment may only work 36 hours per week. However;
A part-time Postdoctoral Research Associates may be given a secondary appointment to increase the part-time appointment to a full-time appointment.
A full-time Postdoctoral Research Associates may be offered dual employment in limited circumstances when services are limited to a specific period of time not to exceed 6 months and when the services performed are separate and distinct from the primary appointment (e.g., teaching a course). Approval from Human Resources is required prior to making any commitment for such an appointment.
Principal investigators may offer compensation to Postdoctoral Research Associates at rates higher than the NRSA minimum to adjust for performance or market competitiveness at their sole discretion.
If a Postdoctoral Research Associate is offered a reappointment, the compensation associated with the appointment shall equal or exceed the NRSA zero year level for the year in which the new appointment becomes effective.
Postdoctoral Research Associates are entitled to paid time off as outlined below:
Vacation: 22 Days annually
Holidays: 12 Days annually as follows: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Lincoln’s Birthday, Washington’s Birthday, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans’ Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas
Personal Leave: One day annually
Sick Leave: 15 Days annually
All paid time off will be earned upon the first day of the postdoctoral appointment and will be pro-rated for part-time or partial-year appointments. Paid time off does not carryover from year to year.
FAQs
What are FICA taxes?
FICA, or Federal Insurance Contributions Act, taxes are the Social Security and Medicare taxes paid by both individuals and employers. FICA taxes are considered payroll taxes because they are based on the amounts paid to employees.
How much are FICA taxes?
The total FICA tax is 15.3%, which is applied to the employee's gross pay.
Who is responsible for paying the 15.3% FICA tax?
The employer and employee each pays 7.65%.
When will I see a change in my paycheck resulting from FICA?
The FICA tax will be deducted in the first paycheck of 2018, check dated January 5, 2018.
Who will receive a copy of the Postdoctoral Research Associate Handbook?
Upon completion of the handbook, all current postdoctoral research associates will receive a link to the online document and all new incoming postdoctoral research associates will receive the link during their New Employee Orientation session.
How many hours per week does a postdoctoral research associate work?
The workload for a full-time postdoctoral research associate will be an average of 40 hours per week during the term of the appointment.
The workload for part-time appointments will be pro-rated to the full-time rate.
Given the professional nature of postdoctoral research associate appointments, the specific hours may vary but will not unreasonably exceed 40 hours per week.
Are postdoctoral research associates eligible for vacation leave?
If so, how much?
Yes, a postdoctoral research associate on a 12-month contract receives 22 compensated days annually per contract year.
Vacation days must be requested with at least two weeks advanced notice except for emergencies.
Vacation days are subject to the approval of the faculty advisor.
Vacation days are not able to be carried over from one contract year to another and are not paid out upon termination or expiration of an appointment.
Are postdoctoral research associates eligible for holiday leave?
If so, how much?
Yes, a postdoctoral research associate receives 12 holidays per year.
The holidays include New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Lincoln’s Birthday, Washington’s Birthday, Good Friday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans’ Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas.
What happens if a postdoctoral research associate is expected to be on duty on a holiday?
If a holiday falls on a day when a postdoctoral research associate is expected to be on duty, he/she will earn a compensatory day off to be taken at a time mutually agreed to by the supervisor and the employee.
Are postdoctoral research associates eligible for personal leave?
If so, how much?
Yes, a postdoctoral research associate receives 1 personal leave day per year.
Are postdoctoral research associates eligible for sick leave?
If so, how much?
Yes, a postdoctoral research associate receives 15 sick leave days per year.
Are postdoctoral research associates eligible for FMLA?
Yes, postdoctoral research associates are eligible for Federal FMLA after one year of employment and after working 1,250 hours or more in previous 12 months.
Postdoctoral research associates are also eligible for leave under the CT State Statute 31-51kk after one year of employment and 1,000 hours or service.
Contact Vicki Fry at 486-2036 or vicki.fry@uconn.edu for more information.
When do postdoctoral research associates accrue paid time off benefits?
All paid time off benefits are accrued on the first day of an appointment.
A full-time postdoctoral research associates with a 12-month contract will be eligible for 22 vacation days, 15 sick days, 12 holidays, and 1 personal day.
What paid time off benefits do I have if I am a part time employee or if I only have an appointment for a portion of year, such as 6 months?
All paid time off benefits are pro-rated.
If a postdoctoral research associate’s original appointment is for six months then they would begin their appointment with one half of the paid time off available with a 12 month contract.
Can postdoctoral research associates accrue paid time off from one year to the next?
No, paid time off benefits for postdoctoral research associates do not accrue from year to year.
Any time not used within the contract period will expire.
At the end of a postdoctoral research associate appointment, will the employee receive a payout for unused leave time?
No, postdoctoral research associates will not receive a payout for unused leave time at the end of the employment.
Are postdoctoral research associates now considered time reporters that must complete time cards?
No, they will remain non-time reporters and will not complete time cards.
Time off will be tracked in the employing departments.
Who tracks time off benefits and usage?
Tracking of paid time off benefits and usage of such is the responsibility of the postdoctoral research associate and the employing department.
Who should we contact with questions regarding postdoctoral research associates?
Renee Boggis in Human Resources at (860) 486-0421 or Vice Provost and Dean of the Graduate School Kent Holsinger at (860) 486-0983.
COVID-19 Info for Graduate Education
Contact Information
860-486-3617
gradschool@uconn.edu
The Whetten Graduate Center,
Second Floor
University of Connecticut
438 Whitney Road Extension, Unit-1152
Storrs, CT 06269-1152
8:00am to 5:00pm Monday through Friday
FacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
UConn TodayCOVID-19 Vaccine on Its Way Soon Bringing Hope for the HolidaysFirst COVID-19 Outpatients Receive Monoclonal Antibodies at UConn HealthCommemorating International Human Rights DayHealth Care Innovation Students Tackle Workplace Inefficiencies Brought to Light by COVID-19UConn MBA Wants to Make It Easier to Shop Local
Upcoming Defenses
Dec
14
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Danielle Heichel2:30pm
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Danielle Heichel
Monday, December 14th, 2020
02:30 PM - 05:00 PM
Storrs Campus
Online
Design and Synthesis of Silk Fibroin Conjugates for Cell and Tissue InterfacesPolymer Science
Contact Information: Kelly A. Burke, kelly.burke@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Of Jasmin Portelinha10:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Of Jasmin Portelinha
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Storrs Campus
https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/uconn-cmr/j.php?MTID=m6e2830c6fa146f8bae7e67be6600a03a
In Depth Analysis of the Metal Binding Interaction and Mode of Action of the Antimicrobial Peptide Gaduscidin-1Chemistry
Contact Information: Dr. Alfredo Angeles-Boza, alfredo.angeles-boza@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Ji-Woong Park11:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Ji-Woong Park
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
11:00 AM - 01:00 PM
Other
https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/meet/til08003
Reduced Chemical Kinetic Models for Real-Fuels and Computational Flame Diagnostics of Premixed CombustionMechanical EngineeringMeeting Link: https://uconn-cmr.webex.com/meet/til08003
Contact Information: Tianfeng Lu, tianfeng.lu@uconn.edu
More
Dec
15
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Taoran Hui1:00pm
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Taoran Hui
Tuesday, December 15th, 2020
01:00 PM - 03:00 PM
Storrs Campus
IMS 212
Kinetic Study of Surfactant-Free Graphene Exfoliation and its Applications in Conductive FilmChemistry
Contact Information: Douglas Adamson, douglas.adamson@uconn.edu
More
Dec
16
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Steven Manicastri10:00am
×
Doctoral Dissertation Oral Defense Of Steven Manicastri
Wednesday, December 16th, 2020
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Storrs Campus
Hosted on Webex
“Whatever It Takes”: How the MCU Avenges Neoliberal HegemonyPolitical Sciencehttps://uconn-cmr.webex.com/uconn-cmr/j.php?MTID=m80411a9cb29b298851e6581ada80f3ffWednesday, Dec 16, 2020 10:00 am | 2 hours | (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)Meeting number: 120 798 0645Password: XtMejW38Hu37390666e053443a4a13af61654d61d0e
Contact Information: Frederick Lee, fred.lee@uconn.edu
More