http://groupvisual.io/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 6/19/18
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.
The following outlines our privacy policy
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to users information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Our primary goal in collecting, using, and sharing user information is to enhance your experience on the Site, support the Site, and improve its features, performance, and other elements. We will not use your user information without a valid legal basis to do so.
To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests, we use website analytics to develop more targeted content and advertising. We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party. We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising.