https://guengtrust.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
GU 68 Engineers Trust is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all applicants, contributors and visitors to our website, whether through direct contact or contact via the Trust Website. In this policy the Trust demonstrates this by providing details on when and why it collects your personal information, how it is used, the limited conditions under which the Trust may disclose it to others and how it is kept it secure.
TYPES OF DATA THE TRUST COLLECTS
The Trust collects data via various channels. This includes, but is not limited to, the Award application form, direct communication via telephone and email communications. The Trust collects applicants’ name, date of birth, telephone number, postal and email addresses, course and year of study and, for the successful applicants, bank details to allow it to make an Award. It records the amount and date of receipt of any contributions for accounting purposes and to comply with the reporting requirements of the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator.
HOW THE TRUST USES PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Trust uses your personal information to provide you with the information you have requested, along with assessing your application for the Award you have applied for, to comply with the law and enforce our legal rights, and to improve and market the Trust through newsletters or email and on the website.
From time to time the Trust’s accountant, lawyer, auditor and, if requested, the Lead Authority in its role of monitoring and investigating compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018, incorporating the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), may have access to personal data to carry out the tasks and duties they are authorised or contracted to do. The Trust does not sell, rent or trade email lists with other companies or businesses for marketing purposes.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to access the personal information held by the Trust and to receive up-to-date information on your rights under data protection legislation, by sending a request to the Data Controller using the Contact Form on the Trust website
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy comes into effect on 1 September 2018 and is kept under regular review.
The aims of GU68 Engineers Trust are the advancement of education and the provision of benefit to or for students studying Engineering at the University of Glasgow.
Trustees: Alastair Neill (Chairman), Hugh O’Neill (Secretary), Donald Coutts, Chris Cromack (Treasurer), Christopher Gunstone, George Leslie OBE, John Marsh.
Privacy Policy       Cookie Policy
We gratefully acknowledge the support of 34sp.com, who are hosting this site as a community service for registered charities.
Previous awards
Samantha Black – secure bike carrier
GU Rocketry – Saltire rocket
Ema Hearty – simple building for Malawi using local materials
Richard Copeland – step-over bicycle
Constructionarium. Glamorous, eh?
Anna Robb – sustainable public drinking fountain