https://guengtrust.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
GU68 Engineers Trust uses a system of classifying the types of cookies used on its website. This policy explains more about which cookies are used, why they are used, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don’t want to have them on your device.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
HOW LONG ARE COOKIES STORED FOR?
Cookies perform several functions, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.
Persistent cookies remain on your device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that you visit that website, as it created this particular cookie.
Session cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when you open the browser window and finishes when you close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
COOKIES USED ON OUR WEBSITE
The following  categories of cookies are used on the Trust website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Performance Cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. They collect information about how visitors use the Website; for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information they  collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality Cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. They can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of our webpages that you customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot trace your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Third Party Cookies
Our forms are supported by WPForms. Their Privacy Policy can be found at https://wpforms.com/privacy-policy/. They include their Cookie Policy within this Policy.
The website is hosted by 34sp.com, and the webforms send information to an email account managed by 34sp.com. Their privacy policy along with their terms and conditions can be found at https://www.34sp.com/legal.
When information is provided to allow an award to be paid, it will be provided to the Trust’s bank, which  will have access to it to allow the payment to be made. The information will be stored within your bank statements for as long as required by legislation. The Trust will delete recipients’ bank details as soon as the payment instruction has been given to the Bank.
The Trust may use a Twitter account to publicise the Trust. Twitter cookie policy can be found at https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Cookie Policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Cookie Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you will need to check that site’s Cookie Policy.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold, as described on the Trust’s Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY
This Privacy Policy comes into effect on 1 October 2018 and is kept under regular review.
The aims of GU68 Engineers Trust are the advancement of education and the provision of benefit to or for students studying Engineering at the University of Glasgow.
Trustees: Alastair Neill (Chairman), Hugh O’Neill (Secretary), Donald Coutts, Chris Cromack (Treasurer), Christopher Gunstone, George Leslie OBE, John Marsh.
Privacy Policy       Cookie Policy
We gratefully acknowledge the support of 34sp.com, who are hosting this site as a community service for registered charities.
Previous awards
Samantha Black – secure bike carrier
Richard Copeland – step-over bicycle
Anna Robb – sustainable public drinking fountain
Constructionarium. Glamorous, eh?
GU Rocketry – Saltire rocket
Ema Hearty – simple building for Malawi using local materials