http://happyzebra.com/privacy.php
Home
Time Difference
Sunrise Sunset
Home
Time difference calculator
US time zones
Sunrise sunset times
Distance calculator
Area codes
Reverse area code lookup
Privacy statement - Disclaimer - HappyZebra
HappyZebra.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: happyzebra.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your non-personally identifiable information to serve interest-based advertising.
You can opt out of many ad networks using this links:
The DAA opt out page: http://optout.aboutads.info/
Google Ads
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to this site's users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to track your usage. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics’ tracking, use this browser add-on provided by Google.
Disclaimer
The information on this free website is provided on "as is" basis without warranty of any kind.
happyzebra.com takes absolutely no responsibility for any errors on this free web site. You use the information on your own risk. Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Content on this website may be removed, changed or updated at any time without prior notice.