https://hbu.edu/university-policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search
Search
About
About HBU										 +
HBU News
University Calendar
University Directory
Directions to Campus
HBU Alert System
HBU Police
Job Opportunities
Giving to HBU
The Guild
University Leadership										 +
University President
Office of the Provost
University Administration
Accreditation
The Ten Pillars
Vision, Mission & Purpose
University Catalog
Office of Institutional Research & Effectiveness
Information Technology Services
The Campus										 +
About the Campus & Facilities
Campus Map, Parking & Directions
Schedule an Event at HBU
The Future of HBU's Campus
University Museums
Admissions
Undergraduate										 +
Apply
Majors & Programs
Visit
Meet Your Counselor
Financial Aid
Accepted
Parents
Why HBU
Request Information
Graduate										 +
Apply
Graduate Programs
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Calendar of Events
Admitted Students
Request Information
Contact the Graduate School
Online										 +
Request Information
Apply
Application Next Steps
Undergraduate Online Programs
Graduate Online Programs
Contact Online Admissions
Academics
Academic Programs										 +
Majors and Programs
Online Programs
Fastterm
Degree Pathways
Class Schedule
Colleges and Schools										 +
Archie W. Dunham College of Business
College of Education & Behavioral Sciences
College of Science & Engineering
School of Christian Thought
School of Fine Arts
School of Humanities
School of Nursing & Allied Health
The Honors College
Academic Resources										 +
Moody Library
The Academy at HBU
Student Success
Course Catalog and Calendar
Academic Resources
Faculty Focus
Registrar
My.HBU.edu Portal
Service and Study Abroad
Athletics
Inside Athletics										 +
Staff Directory
Husky Club
Tickets
Composite Schedule
Visitors Information
NCAA Compliance
Men's Sports										 +
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Soccer
Track & Field
Women's Sports										 +
Basketball
Beach Volleyball
Cross Country
Golf
Soccer
Softball
Track & Field
Volleyball
Student Life
Campus Life										 +
First Year Experience
Student Success
Residence Life
Commuter Life
Student Involvement
Campus Recreation & Fitness
Student Government
Greek Life
Spiritual Life										 +
Community Life and Worship
Covenant Fellows Program
Baptist Student Ministry
Spiritual Events
Missions
Spiritual Life Department
Kaleo Discipleship Opportunities
Student Services										 +
Office of Career & Calling
Dining
Disability Services
Testing Services
Health Services
Counseling
University Store
My.HBU.edu Portal
Student Handbook
Alumni
Alumni
Virtual Tour
Virtual Tour
Giving
Giving
HomeUniversity Policies Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Web Privacy Statement
Houston Baptist University (HBU) is devoted to safeguarding the privacy of personal information; however at times we may share information gathered from our web servers. Since we are a private institution, some information collected from this web site, including summary server log information, emails and information collected from web-based form, may be subject to public information requests under the Texas Public Information Act (TPIA). This means that while we do not share information, in some instances we may be required by Open Records law to discharge information.
Student directory information is routinely requested by vendors through the TPIA. Students have the option of excluding their personal information from the directory during registration.
HBU fully complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which disallows the release of educational records without the student’s consent.
The HBU web consists of several web servers. Some servers hosted by HBU may embrace different privacy statements as their specific needs require. If another HBU web server has a privacy statement that is different from this statement, that policy will be posted on their site. The HBU web site encompasses links to external web sites; however HBU is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external web links.
Information We Gather
The following information is collected and stored automatically from all users accessing the HBU web site to browse or download information:
Internet address of computer being used
Web pages requested
Referring web page
Date and time
Type of web browser being used
This information is used to create summary statistics which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users, determining technical specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. This information is not reported or used in any means that would disclose personally identifiable information, and will not be released to outside third parties unless legally obligated.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Acceptance of terms and use and amendments
Each time you use or cause access to the HBU web site, you agree to be bound by these terms of use, as amended from time to time with or without notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on this web site or accessed through this web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines pertinent to those services. Please read the site’s privacy policy, which is comprised within these terms of use.
Your responsibilities and registration obligations
In order to use this web site or certain parts of it, you may be required to register for a user account on this web site. In this case, you agree to provide truthful information when requested. By registering for a user account, you explicitly agree to this site’s terms of use.
Privacy policy
Registration data and other personally identifiable information that the site may collect is subject to the terms of the web privacy policy. HBU is committed to ensuring the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information.
Registration and password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you will be responsible for all usage of your user account and/or user name, whether authorized or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify HBU of any unauthorized use of your user account, user name or password.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that your use of this web site and of any services or content provided (the “service”) is at your own risk. Services and content are provided to you “as is,” and HBU expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, either implied or expressed, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.HBU makes no warranty, either implied or expressed, that any part of the service will be uninterrupted, error/virus-free, timely, secure, accurate, reliable, or of any quality, nor is it warranted either implicitly or expressly that any content is safe in any manner for download. You understand and agree that neither HBU nor any participant in the service provides professional advice of any kind and that any advice or any other information obtained via this web site may be used exclusively at your own risk and that HBU will not be held liable in any way.
Some jurisdictions may not allow disclaimers of implied warranties, and certain statements in the above disclaimer may not apply to you as regards implied warranties; the other terms and conditions remain enforceable notwithstanding.
Limitation of Liability
You specifically recognize and agree that HBU will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages; this includes, but is not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if HBU has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the following:
i. the use of services or the inability to use services,
ii. the cost of obtaining substitute goods and/or services resulting from any transaction entered into on through services,
iii. unauthorized access to or alteration of your data transmissions,
iv. statements by any third party or conduct of any third party using services, or
v. any other matter relating to services.
In some jurisdictions, it is not permitted to limit liability and, therefore, such limitations may not apply to you.
University PoliciesEmployeesAlcohol PolicyDrug PolicySexual Assault PolicySexual Harassment PolicyUniversity Facilities PoliciesSmoke Free Campus PolicyTrademark Licensing PolicyCopyright Infringement PolicyStudent Non-Discriminatory PolicyEvent Coverage ReleaseHBU Title IXPrivacy PolicyGeneral Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR)
Tuition and Aid
Request Information
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Contact Us Houston Baptist University
7502 Fondren Rd
Houston, TX 77074
(281) 649-3000
Campus Directory
Title IX
Colleges and SchoolsArchie W. Dunham College of Business
College of Education and Behavioral Sciences
College of Science and Engineering
School of Christian Thought
School of Fine Arts
School of Humanities
School of Nursing and Allied Health
ServicesUniversity Calendar
Directions to Campus
University Store
Careers at HBU
University Directory
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Disability Services
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest
Linkedin
HBU Social Media Channels