https://hcponline.org/privacy-policy/
Standard Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the www.hcponline.org website operated by Houston Center for Photography.  Your access to and use of the service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
Privacy Statement
Houston Center for Photography (HCP) respects the privacy of your personal information. HCP’s privacy, data collection, and terms-of-use policies with respect to www.hcponline.org are set forth in this statement and describes how HCP manages personally-identifying information provided by you, such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
By visiting and using this website to establish an account, provide us any personal information, respond to our e-mails, request additional information from us, purchase products, or request other Services or assistance from us, you consent to the collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal data.
Additional information we collect from you:
Your billing or other credit information when you purchase products or services, including billing address and shipping address. We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
How we may use information collected from you:
Use information to provide you with the services you request.
Use information to prevent, investigate and deal with fraud, violation of intellectual property rights and other laws, and unauthorized access or use of the website or services or, your account.
Use information as otherwise reasonable and appropriate to the legitimate business needs of our other products or services.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
Your Rights
When you place an order with HCP, we use the information to confirm, process, and track your items, or to contact you via e-mail, mail, or telephone if we have any concerns about your purchase. When you sign-up for our e-newsletter, we may contact you to inform you of, for example, new items, promotions, sales and events.
Where appropriate, we provide you with the ability to opt-out of receiving our marketing emails by following the “unsubscribe” instructions included in those emails. However, you will still receive transactional information regarding services that you use as a result of being a customer.
You may contact us to review, correct, update or request deletion of personal information about you at info@hcponline.org.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other websites. HCP is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites
SPOT magazine is our online publication providing critical writing, ongoing documentation and timely debate about photography and related media.
View Current Issue
Latest News
December 3, 2020 | Houston Chronicle
"These stunning photos show the emotions of life in lockdown" —Sonia Ramirez
November 3, 2020 | Holidify
"Houston's Best Art Galleries | Contemporary Art Galleries in Houston" —Arushi Bhowmick
View More News