https://hcponline.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Membership Refund Policy
Please note that memberships are not eligible for a refund.
Class Cancellation and Refund Policy
HCP requires a 10 calendar-day notice before the first scheduled day of class for all courses, workshops or camps (“sessions”) to grant a tuition refund, a transfer to another session, or obtain credit toward a future unspecified session.
Prior to the 10 Calendar-Day period, the following conditions apply:
All Refunds are subject to a $25 processing fee.
All Transfers or Credits are not subject to an additional processing fee.
After the 10 Calendar-Day period, the following conditions apply:
Refunds, Transfers, or Credits will not be granted within the 10 Calendar-day period.
Refunds, Transfers, or Credits will not be granted for “no shows.”
All registrations received within the 10 Calendar-Day period, including same-day registrations, are final and will not be granted any Refund, Transfer, or Credit.
The Director of Education and Executive Director retain the right to make exceptions in the instance of a verified emergency.
Cancellation due to low enrollment:
HCP reserves the right to cancel classes due to low enrollment. In this instance, the student will receive tuition credit or refund with no processing fee charge.
To request a cancellation please write to education@hcponline.org.  To ensure you receive important class notifications from HCP, we suggest adding our domain “hcponline.org” to your list of safe senders in your mailbox.
Copyright 2018 Houston Center for Photography
All of the content you see on this website, including, for example, but not limited to, all of the page headers, photographs, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text (referred to herein as the “Content”) is the exclusive property of HCP and/or is subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by HCP, by one of its partners or by third parties who have licensed or assigned their rights, interests and/or materials to HCP. The entire Content of the HCP website is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. and other applicable copyright laws, and HCP owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of the Content. The Content of the hcponline.org website, and the website as a whole, are intended solely for the personal and non-commercial use of the users of our site. As such a user, you may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, but only if (1) you use any such copies of the Content only for your own personal and non-commercial use, (2) you do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media and/or in any form or format, (3) you do not modify or alter the Content in any way or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice, and (4) you properly credit any intellectual property rights to HCP. No right, title or interest in any downloaded or copied materials are transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. HCP reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this website. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content without first obtaining the express written permission of HCP. For questions on obtaining written authorization for the use of these images, send an e-mail to info@hcponline.org.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold HCP, its respective directors, officers, employees and partners, harmless from any loss or liability arising out of your use of the site or from any claim, demand, loss, cost, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising out of your use of the site, in violation of these terms of use, and/or your activities in conjunction with the Site or services related to the Site.
Typographical Errors
HCP endeavors to provide timely, accurate information on its site. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Security
HCP uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to encrypt your ordering information and protect it from being compromised. At HCP, protecting your personal information is a priority. Once you are in the checkout area, be sure your connection is secure. We endeavor to protect the privacy of your Personal Information that we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Contact Us
Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy statement or terms of use, please send a detailed message to info@hcponline.org. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
These Terms and Conditions May Change
HCP reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the hcponline.org website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these terms and conditions each time you use this website.
Use of Web Site
The hcponline.org website is for the sole use of individuals and entities wishing to review, consider, purchase and/or to otherwise transact business with or contact HCP, on their own behalf. No information concerning the transactional preferences of an individual customer (whether such customer is a person or an entity) can be entered, altered, modified, or otherwise affected, by any third party on behalf of such individual customer.
SPOT magazine is our online publication providing critical writing, ongoing documentation and timely debate about photography and related media.
View Current Issue
Latest News
December 3, 2020 | Houston Chronicle
"These stunning photos show the emotions of life in lockdown" —Sonia Ramirez
November 3, 2020 | Holidify
"Houston's Best Art Galleries | Contemporary Art Galleries in Houston" —Arushi Bhowmick
View More News