https://hcry.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyCaroline Rose2018-06-20T21:34:06-04:00
At the Halton County Radial Railway, which is owned and operated by the Ontario Electric Railway Historical Association (OERHA), we understand that privacy is a big concern for all Internet users. We’ve created this statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and to show the value we place on the information you provide.
About the Information You Volunteer
We will never share, sell or rent personal information without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. For visitors to our website who are under 18 years of age, we strongly recommend that you obtain the permission of a parent or guardian before providing us with any information.
Account information you provide – When you register for an account or engage with our services, you provide personal information (i.e. name, address, email, phone number, etc.) to allow us to service your account.
Other information you provide – You may also provide us with information when interacting with our services. (i.e. information about your preferences, interests, etc.).
Your activity on the site – We collect information on the pages you visit.
Information from your device – We collect information from the browser you use and your navigation to and away from our site. We may use cookies to collect this information.
We use the information you provide to:
Send you information and communications you have requested (i.e. an electronic newsletter, information about the organization, event and program information, etc.);
Collect survey data to improve our products and services;
Notify winners of contests we run periodically;
Send you an email confirming a subscription;
Classify our users and correspondents, so that we can better track preferences and, ultimately, deliver products and services that more accurately meet their needs, contests and surveys.
Periodically, we run contests and surveys. Participation in these is entirely voluntary, and you have a choice whether or not you disclose the requested information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address) and demographic information (age, postal code and answers to specific questions). We use contact information to notify winners. Other information we collect is aggregated and used by OERHA to improve our offerings.
Profile Information
You may update or correct your profile information through the “Update Profile” link at the bottom of every email marketing message you receive from OERHA or by sending us an email at streetcar@hcry.org.
Opting Out
When you subscribe to a OERHA newsletter, we provide simple instructions in each newsletter on how you can cancel your subscription. You can also unsubscribe by emailing streetcar@hcry.org with “Unsubscribe” in the message. To reject certain cookies, choose the option in your browser settings to receive a notice before a cookie is stored on your device. To opt-out of use of cookies by certain advertisers or technology vendors who help deliver ads tailored to your profile and preferences, visit Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising or Your Online Choices.
How We Protect the Information You Provide
OERHA takes strong precautions to protect the information you provide from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration or destruction. We do not retain any banking information you may provide. All OERHA employees and volunteers are made aware of the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure customer information is protected. We operate internationally, but our computer systems are based in Canada, so your information will be processed in Canada that may have different data laws than your country.
About the Content You are Reading
The authors of this website, including employees and volunteers of OERHA attempt to provide accurate information. However, we take no responsibility for the decisions people make based on what they read on this website, in the comments sections and/or blogs.
Contacting Us
If you have provided information to OERHA and would like it deleted from our records or you would like to update information you’ve given us, please send an email to streetcar@hcry.org. Or you can mail your request to: Ontario Electric Railway Historical Association, 13629 Guelph Line, PO Box 578, Milton, ON, L9T 5A2, Canada.
OERHA does not send or condone unsolicited email or spam. If you feel you’ve received unsolicited email from OERHA, please send a message to streetcar@hcry.org. We will deal with your issue promptly.
Other Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, you can contact us by phone, fax, email or conventional mail.
Last updated: May 24, 2018
As of August 1, 2020, the museum is closed until further notice. We have been closely monitoring the situation and unfortunately at this time have decided that due to facility limitations and the historic equipment, the museum will be closed until further notice to ensure the health and safety of everyone. We will update as circumstances change.