https://health.uoregon.edu/faqs#cancellation-policy
Jump to content
Apply
Visit
Give
Navigation
Main menuHealth Requirements
Services
Billing and Charges
Health Insurance
Resources
Duck Nest
About
Our Team
FAQs
What My Fee Pays For
Get Involved
Events
Renovation and Expansion
FAQs
General Questions
Who is eligible to use University Health Services?
University Health Services serves primarily University of Oregon students. All registered students must pay the health fee, which is part of the UO tuition and fees package. For more information about eligibility, including optional health services access fees, visit the "Charges" page.
Do I need an appointment?
Yes. Appointments can be made online through myUOHealth, or by calling 541-346-2770. Students may make an appointment in person, but are not guaranteed a same-day appointment. A nurse is always available to answer any questions or concerns.
Where do I check in for my appointment?
Check in at one of the computer kiosks, and then go to your assigned waiting area (Clinic A, Clinic B, Dental, etc.). If you do not have an appointment, check in at the main reception desk located on the first floor of the health services building.
What is your cancellation policy?
We realize that sometimes emergencies come up and your plans may change. If you cannot keep your University Health Services appointment, please call us as soon as possible at 541-346-2770. When you call, we will help you reschedule your appointment.
If you cancel your appointment with less than two (2) hours’ notice (primary care appointments) or 24 hours’ notice (psychiatry, physical therapy/sports medicine, and dental appointments) or if you fail to show up for a scheduled appointment, you will be charged a no-show/late-cancellation fee. No-show/late-cancellation fees are $20 for a missed primary care visit and $30 for a missed psychiatry, physical therapy/sports medicine, or dental appointment.
Does University Health Services provide letters for emotional support/companion animals?
University Health Services does not perform evaluations or provide letters for emotional support or companion animals. While we understand an animal can be a source of support, there is increasing recognition that advanced expertise is needed to assess if an animal is appropriate. Support letters would need to be obtained from an outside mental health professional with expertise in this type of assessment.
Does University Health Services have real doctors?
Yes. Our board-certified medical and nursing staffs provide a wide range of primary healthcare services, with an emphasis on health promotion and disease prevention.
If I'm sick and miss a class, can I get a sick note?
No. University Health Services does not provide excuses for students who miss class due to illness or injury. Students are advised to notify their instructors that they are unable to attend class.
How much will my visit cost?
Find information about the cost for services.
Will services (e.g., birth control, tests for sexually transmitted infections) show on the bill my parents receive?
We can confidentially bill you, meaning services will not show up on your bill. If you seek insurance reimbursement, your insurance statement will have a detailed list of services rendered. If you pay cash for your appointment, your student account will not be billed. Learn more about our billing options.
When will this appointment show up on my DuckWeb account?
Health services charges are typically applied to your DuckWeb account within one week from the date of service and is listed as the "trans date" on the account. Student accounts allow an additional 30 days to pay the amount owed and lists the due date as the "effective date."
Can my parent or partner come in with me?
Yes, with patient permission. Signed consent may be necessary.
Is there a charge if I miss my appointment?
Yes, the missed appointment fee for a regular visit is $20. The fee for a missed appointment with a specialist (psychiatrist, physical therapy, sports medicine, etc.) is $35. If you miss more than three visits in a term, you will also receive a letter from us.
Where can I park when going to health services?
We encourage students to walk or bike to University Health Services. There are many bicycle racks near our entrances. Students can also ride Lane Transit District buses free of charge with their UO ID card. We are located one block south of LTD's EmX bus line. Get off the EmX at the Agate Street station.
If you are driving, there is limited on-street, metered parking around the health services building. Parking can be difficult, so we ask that you come early in order to leave yourself enough time to find a spot and avoid parking in spots with restricted time (i.e., 30-minute meters) as this may not allow you enough time for your treatment. In cases of serious injury or impaired mobility, we recommend having a friend or family member drop you off and pick you up.
How do I talk to a nurse after University Health Services is closed?
If you are in need of medical care or advice during the times we are closed, simply call the main phone number (541-346-2770) to speak with a triage nurse.
I can't register for classes. Why is there a hold on my account?
The University of Oregon requires that all incoming students be immunized against a number of infectious diseases and complete a tuberculosis (TB) screening questionnaire. A hold will be placed on the registration process of students who are non-compliant with measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) requirements. For international students, the hold will be placed on registration prior to their first term at the University of Oregon. For domestic students who are US citizens, the hold will be placed on registration for their second term.In addition, new international students must complete an insurance compliance form prior to UO course registration.
Telemedicine
What is a telemedicine visit?
A telemedicine visit is a private interaction between you and your University Health Services clinician using Zoom real-time electronic audio-visual technology. If you do not have access to a laptop or smart phone that can add video, or if you are not comfortable with video, your appointment may be able to go forward using telephone only.
Just like an in-person visit, you will first be “checked in” by a medical assistant over the phone. This will include going over the reason for your visit, reviewing required forms for your visit including the telemedicine consent to treat form, reviewing your current medications and your preferred pharmacy, working with you to check your temperature, pulse, and any other vital signs. You will then be provided with a confidential, HIPAA-compliant Zoom link. At the time of your appointment, you will connect via the Zoom link with your clinician for your visit. Please plan to be in a private area for this appointment. A telemedicine visit is documented in your medical record and billed to your insurance just like an in-person visit would be.
Why telemedicine?
On March 23, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Oregon Governor Kate Brown issued Executive Order 20-12. This declaration orders Oregonians to "Stay Home to Save Lives" and requires essential services like University Health Services to practice social/physical distancing while remaining open for patient care. To comply with this order, University Health Services has instituted telemedicine care in lieu of an in-person visit when indicated.
What are the limitations of telemedicine?
Nothing can fully replace a person-to-person visit in an examination room, and a telemedicine visit has known limitations that are important to understand. First, there is always the possibility for technical glitches that could result in incomplete transfer of information or lack of full communication. It is important to communicate if you are not experiencing adequate quality sound and video so we can address the issue immediately. Second, since a full physical examination cannot be conducted and diagnostic testing performed, your clinician’s ability to fully assess and correctly diagnose some medical conditions may be limited. If needed, your clinician will discuss this with you and come up with a plan for how best to care for you. If you are in the Eugene area, you may be asked to come in for an in-person visit, or to drop by the lab for diagnostic testing. If you are outside the Eugene area, you may be asked to seek care with a community clinician or go to an urgent care clinic or local emergency department for appropriate care.
Is there any type of visit not allowed via telemedicine?
University Health Services clinicians have decided that any visit requiring a visual examination of a sensitive body part (breasts, buttocks, genitals) is not appropriate for audio/visual platform like Zoom. In these circumstances, we will arrange an alternative plan to make sure we care for you appropriately.
Is my telemedicine visit confidential and secure?
We have made every effort to ensure that your telemedicine visit is private and confidential, just as an in-person visit would be. It is important to know that all existing laws regarding privacy and security of your health information and copies of your medical record apply to this telemedicine visit and the audio and video information transmitted and received as part of this service. Any information you disclose during your telemedicine visit will be protected by the same privacy laws and regulations as an in-person visit. Having said that, as with any technology, there may be unanticipated technical glitches that could affect the privacy and confidentiality of your visit; we will work through those with you, if they occur.
Will my telemedicine visit be recorded and stored?
No. Like an in-person visit, there will be no recording of your conversation, but your clinician will certainly document your conversation, the physical findings, the assessment, and your care plan in your medical chart. If you and your clinician feel a need to document images in your medical record, alternative arrangements will be made to download those images to your patient portal.
Can I refuse or change my mind about a telemedicine visit?
You have the right at refuse a telemedicine visit or withdraw your consent for a telemedicine visit at any time. Doing so will not affect your right to future care at University Health Services. You may also withdraw consent to extra personnel participating in telemedicine health services, but if such personnel are necessary to assist with providing the services, the telemedicine visit may have to stop. In these circumstances, we will work with you to come up with alternative arrangements to best meet your care needs.
Communicable Diseases
What is pertussis (whooping cough) and how do I prevent it?
Pertussis is an acute respiratory tract infection caused by bacteria that presents as a chronic cough in most patients. Read about pertussis to learn more and how to reduce your risk.
What is varicella/chickenpox?
Varicella, or chickenpox, is a very contagious disease caused by the varicella-zoster virus (VZV). It causes a blister-like rash, itching, tiredness, and fever. Chickenpox can be serious, especially in babies, adults, and people with weakened immune systems such as pregnant women. It may spread easily from infected people to others who have never had chickenpox or who have not received the chickenpox vaccine.
What are the symptoms of chickenpox?
Symptoms typically appear 10-21 days after exposure to someone with the virus. A person is contagious usually one to two days before the onset of the rash and continuing until all lesions are crusted (usually about five days).
Chickenpox starts as a rash that turns into itchy, fluid-filled blisters that eventually scab over. The rash may first appear on the face, chest, and back, then spread to the rest of the body, including inside the mouth or eyelids and around the genitals.
Other symptoms that may appear a day or two before the rash include fever, tiredness, loss of appetite, and headache. Chickenpox lasts about five to ten days.
Am I at risk for chickenpox?
You are at risk if you were not vaccinated for chickenpox or have not had chickenpox. If you are at risk of infection, there are steps you can take.
What actions should I take?
If you have symptoms of chickenpox, seek medical care. University of Oregon students should call University Health Services at 541-346-2770 before coming to University Health Services. Please let University Health Services staff know that you have possible symptoms of chickenpox or have been in contact with someone who has a suspected or confirmed chickenpox infection. We will arrange to take care of you while reducing the risk of exposing other patients.
If you don't feel sick and have never been vaccinated for chickenpox, please contact your medical provider to schedule an appointment or to ask questions. UO students should access the myUOHealth portal in order to schedule an appointment for a varicella vaccine. The varicella vaccine can be effective in preventing illness or modifying the severity of illness if used within three to five days following exposure.
How can I prevent the spread of chickenpox?
Chickenpox spreads in the air through coughing or sneezing. It can also be spread by touching or breathing in the virus particles that come from chickenpox blisters.
The best way to prevent chickenpox is to have received two doses of the varicella vaccine. Children, adolescents, and adults should have two doses of varicella vaccine, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The varicella vaccine is safe and effective at preventing the disease. Most people who get the vaccine will not get chickenpox. If a vaccinated person does contract chickenpox, it is usually mild—with fewer blisters and mild or no fever. The varicella vaccine prevents almost all cases of severe disease.
For exposed individuals who cannot receive a varicella vaccine, varicella-immune globulin (VZIG) may be effective in modifying or preventing chickenpox, if given as soon as possible after exposure.
Learn more about chickenpox on the CDC website.
Acupuncture
How does acupuncture work?
For the last 3,000 years, acupuncture has been used to promote wellness and treat a wide spectrum of health problems. It is the longest continuous form of medicine. It developed over hundreds of years of observation (trial and error).  Over centuries, people noticed that adding heat, pressure, massage, and needles to certain points on the body relieved pain and illness. It was particularly put to the test during war time. It is currently being used by the U.S. military for battlefield injuries, as well as other ailments including PTSD.
Each acupuncture point has a designated function. For example, there are specific points, or groups of points, for treating headaches, back pain, congested sinuses, allergies, knee pain, depression, lack of concentration, etc.
The World Health Organization (WHO) recognizes acupuncture as suitable for treating over 200 common clinical disorders.
Do you need to “believe” in acupuncture?
You do not need to follow a belief system for acupuncture to work. Acupuncture is used successfully with animals in veterinary medicine. As far as we know animals don’t have an opinion either way about acupuncture.
Yet, beliefs are powerful. They work towards all types of medicine, therapy, and surgery. This explains why the “placebo effect” may influence the outcome of all therapies.
Is acupuncture painful?
Everyone experiences acupuncture differently. Sometimes patients don’t notice the needles at all. Other times it is momentarily painful. Each patient is treated individually and in a way that is gentle, therapeutic, and effective.
How many acupuncture treatments are necessary to see results?
Like most forms of care, acupuncture is best as a series of treatments. It depends on the condition being treated, but 5-10 treatments is a good, general rule.
Are the needles sterile?
Sterile, stainless-steel needles are used. We only use disposable, single-use needles at University Health Services.
Immunizations
Is the flu vaccine going to give me the flu or make me sick?
No, a flu shot cannot cause flu illness. The viruses contained in flu shots are inactivated (killed), which means they cannot cause infection. Flu vaccine manufacturers kill the viruses used in the flu shot during the process of making the vaccine, and batches of flu vaccine are tested to make sure they are safe. Some of the most commonly reported symptoms that people experience after receiving a flu shot are: soreness, redness, swelling at the site of the injection, fever, aches, fatigue, hoarseness, cough, or a headache. These symptoms are usually minor, and are limited to a couple of days.
Do I have to restart my shot series if I am overdue for my next shot?
No, you do not have to start your shot series over. Before you start a series of immunizations, in most cases you do not have an adequate amount of antibodies to help protect you from the disease you are being immunized for. Each time you get your shot, it helps your body to build-up more protective antibodies to that particular disease. As long as you finish the series for the particular disease you are being immunized for, you should be fine. If at any time you are not sure if you have enough protective antibodies after completing your series of shots, a blood test called a titer can be done. A titer test is performed to determine if your antibodies are at a sufficient level to protect you from the particular disease you were immunized for.
Can I shower, bathe, and exercise after receiving a shot?
Yes, you may shower or bathe after you receive any shot. As far as exercising goes, we encourage it! Sometimes you can get soreness at the site of the injection, therefore the more you exercise your arm the more quickly the soreness will go away.
Insurance
Do I have to have insurance?
Domestic Students: The University of Oregon does not require domestic (US-based) students to have health insurance and it is not required to access care at University Health Services.
International Students: The University of Oregon requires that international students have health insurance that meets established criteria. For this reason, all international students are automatically enrolled in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan and billed each term that they are eligible, unless they have an approved insurance waiver on file. More information about the international student health insurance requirement is available on the Insurance Requirements page.
How do I sign up for the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
Learn more about our student insurance plan.
Has something changed about how University Health Services bills for services and supplies?
Yes.
Beginning in September 2020, health services' fee schedule is changing and we will be providing expanded in-network insurance billing. This means that we will change rates similar to what you would experience at a community-based healthcare provider and we will be in-network with more health insurance plans. It is very important that you check with your health insurance plan so you understand if and how your plan will cover services at University Health Services.
How much will it cost to be seen at health services?
That depends.
You can find estimated costs on the Costs for Services page. We try to list as many costs as we can, but some things won't be listed because we don't control the cost (like lab work done through an outside lab). Our fees are very similar to what you will find at community-based healthcare providers. Please note that our list prices do not take into account any discounts that may apply.
How can I pay for services?
You have options.
We can bill your health insurance plan. Any remaining balance will be billed to your student account (DuckWeb)
You can opt to "Pay Today" so no bill goes to your health insurance plan or student account.
You can bill your student account for the entire cost of your visit.
Visit the Billing Options page for more details.
Do I need to do anthing if I want health services to bill my health insurance plan?
Yes.
We can bill any US-based health insurance plan (both in and out of network). You need to:
Complete the Insurance Billing Consent Form (found in the MyUOHealth student portal) authorizing us to do so on your behalf.
Upload a copy of the font and back of each of your health insurance cards to the portal.
Check with your health insurance plan to understand if/how they will cover services at University Health Services and with our partner labs.
If health services bills my insurance, will I have to pay any portion of the bill?
That depends.
Most health insurance plans only cover some portion of your medical costs and every plan is different. Also, there is a lot to understand about how insurance billing works.
Your plan may require you to pay a deductible, co-pay and/or co-insurance. It is important that you understand how these will apply to each service and supply you receive. You must contact your health insurance plan directly to find out how your plan will work at University Health Services.
More information about insurance billing can be found on the Understanding Health Insurance page.
Will a bill or other statement go to my family's address?
Maybe.
Any health services balance remaining after insurance billing will be placed on your student account and typically takes four to six weeks to process. Bills on your student account will not include any diagnostic information (they will only reference University Health Services). Health services does not mail bills. You can view your complete health services bill by clicking on the "Statements" tab of the MyUOHealth portal.
If you receive lab services from one of our reference labs (outside lab services), you will receive a bill directly from them. They will mail bills to the address we provide them. It is important that you update your contact information with health services so that we are providing the most accurate information to our partner labs.
Explanation of Benefits (EOBs) are forms that your health insurance plan will send to the address they have on file. If you are over the age of 18, you can ask your health insurance plan to redirect your EOBs to the address of your choosing. More information about insurance billing can be found on the Understanding Health Insurance page.
If a bill or EOB does go to my family's address, what will it say?
Bills and EOBs are two different things.
Bills are sent by the healthcare provider or lab and include very detailed information about your specific diagnosis and treatment/testing. Anyone viewing medical bills would have a very clear sense of your diagnosis and treatment plan.
Explanation of Benefits (EOBs) are sent by your health insurance plan and have much less detail. EOBs do show where you were seen and a general descriptor of services (e.g. "physical therapy" or "lab work").
You have control over where bills and EOBs are sent and should proactively make sure they are going to the address you want them to. To control where bills are sent, make sure the address we have on file is accurate. To control where your EOBs are sent, contact your health insurance plan.
How do I figure out if my health insurance plan will work at University Health Services?
You will need to do a little investigating.
PRIOR to accessing services, you need to contact your health insurance plan and ask them questions about how your coverage will work at University Health Services and with our partner healthcare providers (Quest Diagnostics and McKenzie Willamette Hospital).
Health insurance is complicated. For more information on how health insurance works, visit the Understanding Health Insurance page.
We highly recommend you review these materials and call your health insurance plan so you are in a good position to make informed decisions about your healthcare and to avoid surprise bills. If you still have questions, call our Insurance Liaison (541-346-2452).
What if I don't have health insurance?
We are here to help you.
Our insurance liaison can work with you to figure out the best options for you. This might include helping you determine if you are eligible for the Oregon Health Plan (Medicaid program) or exploring enrollment in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan. University Health Services also offers discounted rates to students who opt to self pay for services and supplies. The Health Insurance section of this website offers more information about insurance coverage options.
Laboratory
How do I get my lab results?
You can get the results of your laboratory testing from the ordering clinician or the nurse.
Can I get lab work done at health services for an outside physician or nurse practitioner?
Unfortunately, we are not able to accept outside orders at this time. Your physician or nurse practitioner may be able to coordinate care with one of our providers. There are also other laboratories that can take outside orders. Please stop by our lab for a copy of the list. We are happy to consult with you on local alternatives.
Can I order lab work myself? Why do I need a doctor's order?
Oregon regulations governing laboratories allow for only limited self-referred testing. The only tests that patients at University Health Services can self-refer for are the cholesterol and glucose screening.
STI testing: What tests do you do? How much do they cost? Turnaround timeline?
Common tests for STIs include chlamydia, gonorrhea, syphilis, herpes, and HIV. The costs vary according to the specimen type and the test turnaround time. It is possible to have chlamydia and gonorrhea testing performed on a urine specimen, syphilis testing is a blood test, herpes can be tested from a lesion or as a blood test, and HIV can be tested as either blood or oral fluid.
Typical turnaround times for chlamydia and gonorrhea testing range from 36–72 hours.  Low-cost testing under CCare typically takes 5-7 days. Find pricing under our costs for services.
Why do I have additional charges on my account for lab work?
The cost of laboratory testing is not covered by the health fee; however, the fee does allow us to offer common laboratory tests at a reduced cost in comparison to the outside community.
How expensive is testing at University Health Services compared to testing in the community?
Testing at health services is significantly less expensive than testing in the community. Our goal is to use the student health dollars to leverage cost savings. Our reference labs bill us directly for the work we send out, saving them costs involved in billing. We pass those savings to the students.
Do you offer pre-employment, internship, and travel drug screening?
We offer only medically indicated drug screening. We can offer students a list of service providers in the community.
Can I get a copy of my lab results?
Yes. Check with the clinician who ordered the tests or with the Medical Records office.
What do you do for people who faint or are needle-phobic?
We have a variety of services and solutions to help those with needle anxiety or a history of fainting. Our phlebotomy room is equipped for reclining, a “therapeutic touch” nurse is available to work with anxious patients, and we have a staff of phlebotomists with almost 100 years of combined experience.
Can you tell what type of blood I have?
We can, but ABO/Rh testing (blood group and type) requires a clinician’s order.
Can I write and use my arm after a blood draw?
Yes. We attempt to collect blood samples from students’ non-dominant side if possible. The phlebotomist will ask you to keep the bandage on for approximately 30 minutes to minimize post-phlebotomy bleeding or bruising. Phlebotomy should not interfere with any homework or note taking.
Do I need to make an appointment for lab work?
No. We see students in the lab on a first come, first serve basis. At times there can be a wait for phlebotomy or specimen collection. If your class schedule is tight, check with the lab for optimal times.
What are fasting labs? How long do I have to fast?
Your clinician will order “fasting labs” for certain tests for which eating or drinking can affect the interpretation of the results. Not all labs require fasting, so ask your ordering physician or nurse practitioner. Fasting means nothing by mouth except for water for typically 8-12 hours. For cholesterol or lipid testing, fasting for 12 hours is ideal.
Is it OK to work out or lift weights after my blood draw?
The phlebotomist will ask you to keep the bandage on for approximately 30 minutes to minimize post-phlebotomy bleeding or bruising. It also helps if you carry book bags, backpacks, purses, or heavy items in your other arm for that time.
Medical Records
How do I obtain a copy of my medical records
Please complete the release of information form. Once you have completed this form in its entirety, submit it through myUOHealth or bring a paper copy to the front desk of health services.
Musculoskeletal Clinic
How long are appointments?
A standard appointment with a physician is 15-30 minutes for a recent injury that has occurred in the last ten days. If you are also seen by the athletic trainer, need x-rays, or splinting or bracing, then your appointment could be longer. Usually these appointments occur in the afternoon. If the injury is older than this, you will scheduled at a different time for a longer consult. Prices will vary accordingly.
What services are available?
The primary function of the clinic is to treat students with recent musculoskeletal injuries, and provide diagnostic information from the mechanism of injury, physical exam findings, and on-site X-ray services if needed. Patients who have experienced a recent suspected Sports Related Concussion (SRC) are also seen and evaluated using up to date concussion guidelines and management. The clinic consists of a physician with Sports Medicine experience and an athletic trainer. If a brace, splint, crutches, or casting are needed, our experienced staff can provide these depending on the severity of the injury. Referrals can be generated for physical therapy, acupuncture, and massage. In addition, if further evaluation is needed with ultrasound, MRI, or to see an orthopedic surgeon, we can help facilitate a timely local referral.
What should I wear?
Wear comfortable exercise clothing such as a T-shirt, shorts, and sneakers. Depending on your condition, you may be asked to change into a gown or shorts for proper evaluation and treatment.
What if I participate in University of Oregon Club Sports?
The staff in the Musculoskeletal Clinic work in a collaborative manner with the graduate athletic trainers in Club Sports (https://clubsports.uoregon.edu/training-insurance). It is a priority that we provide you with a plan for a safe return to athletics.
How do I make an appointment?
Though walk-in appointments can sometimes be accommodated, it is ideal to call our reception staff at 541-346-2770 to arrange for an appointment.
Oregon Contraceptive Care (CCare)
What is CCare?
CCare is a program that is funded by the Centers for Medicaid Services and the Oregon State Department of Human Services through a grant.
This allows University Health Services to provide reproductive health care and contraceptive services to all genders who meet certain income criteria.
How do I know if I am eligible?
In order to qualify for the program, you must meet all of the following requirements:
You must be a US citizen, or have eligible immigration status (see CCare office staff for more information on immigration status eligibility).
You cannot currently be enrolled in the Oregon Health Plan.
Your monthly income cannot exceed $2,513 for one person and $3,384 for spouse/dependent. This is just your income (before taxes) and does not include your parents’ income, nor does it include any money that is obtained through financial aid (any money that you may be taxed on).
If you meet these requirements, we can enroll you immediately and schedule an appointment for you to meet with a clinician, usually within a couple of days.
How do I enroll in CCare?
CCare enrollment happens at the Insurance desk in the health services building. Our office hours are 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
The enrollment process takes less than 10 minutes, during which time you fill out a form, have copies made of your insurance card, (if applicable) and student ID. Schedule an appointment with a clinician for a contraceptive consult.
What services do CCare provide?
CCare will pay for contraceptive management consultations, any contraceptive management visits, a yearly exam for women including pap smear testing, labs that are needed for contraceptive devices, and emergency contraception.
What birth control methods are available?
Oral contraceptives, emergency contraceptive (Plan B), ring, patch, Depo Provera (hormonal injection), IUS (Mirena), IUD (ParaGard), hormonal implant (Implanon), external and receptive condoms, diaphragm, and spermicides are all methods available through CCare.
What services are not covered by CCare?
CCare does not provide treatment for bladder or urinary tract infections, prenatal care, pregnancy confirmation, pregnancy termination, STI testing and treatment.
Where can I go for my contraceptives if I am not eligible for CCare?
You can still come to University Health Services for contraceptives. Our pharmacy offers consultation (for a fee) for oral contraceptives and the hormone patch that can be prescribed by our pharmacist. The cost of the prescription is additional.
Free sexual health supplies are available for all students through the University Health Services' Protection Connection program. To ensure students have access to the supplies they need, Protection Connection maintains several Hot Spots across campus, including at University Health Services, and offers a delivery service to residence halls. Contraceptive barriers include internal and a variety of external condoms. Other sexual health supplies include oral dams, Love Gloves, finger cots and personal lubricant.
What if I have insurance already or I am on a parent's plan?
Students who have insurance that covers contraceptive management can still be eligible for the program if they meet the other criteria.
We will bill your insurance provider and then CCare will pick up your balances for CCare type visits. However, if you are insured under a parent's plan you may request special confidentiality. In this case no insurance billing will go out and CCare will cover all charges.
Feel free to contact your CCare Coordinator for more information at 541-346-2452.
I am not currently enrolled at University of Oregon. May I still enroll?
Only those who have paid fees mandatory fees for the current term are eligible for CCare at University Health Services.
However, you can still apply for CCare services through Lane County Public Health Department or a Planned Parenthood in Oregon.
To locate a clinic near you, visit the Oregon Health Authority CCare website.
Do I have to fill out a new enrollment form if I am renewing CCare?
Yes. Clients must complete a new enrollment form annually. This will enable us to determine if you are still eligible to receive CCare services.
Do I have to see a clinician before I can get contraceptives?
If you are new to the CCare program at University Health Services, you will need to schedule an initial office visit for contraceptive counseling. This appointment takes approximately 40 minutes. During this appointment your clinician will discuss different contraceptive methods. They will help you assist you in making the best choice for you lifestyle. If you are already taking something that you like, they will simply document and re-write so CCare will pay for this.
If an oral prescription is your choice, it will be sent to the University Health Services Pharmacy, where you can pick it up.
If you need emergency contraception prior to your initial CCare consultation, you may pick up Plan B over the counter at our pharmacy.
Pharmacy
I'm new to the UO and need to have prescriptions transferred to health services. What's the best way to do this?
There are several options. If you have a refillable prescription at another pharmacy, just bring your bottle or receipt to University Health Services Pharmacy and we will transfer it for you. You may also bring a written prescription from your doctor or have your doctor's office phone/fax a new prescription to us. You may also choose to transition care to one of our clinicians and have them write your prescriptions.
What methods of payment do you accept?
We accept cash, check, or credit/debit (Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express), or we can bill your student account.  We are unable accept Campus Cash.
Do I have to fill my prescriptions at the UO pharmacy?
We are happy to fill any prescription from eligible students, but you are not required to fill at the University Health Services Pharmacy. A list of community pharmacies can be found online or by contacting your insurance provider.
Physical Therapy, Sports Medicine, and Massage
How long are appointments?
A standard appointment with a physical therapist or athletic trainer is 45 minutes. Your session may be shorter or longer according to your specific needs. Prices will vary accordingly.
Do I need a referral for therapy?
No, you can seek the services of a physical therapist or athletic trainer without a prescription from a physician or nurse practitioner. However, your insurance provider might require a referral to cover your expenses. University Health Services offers same-day appointments with sports medicine doctors, who can assess your problem and refer to our physical therapy department. Call the number on the back of your insurance card to determine your insurance benefits. You are responsible for understanding your own insurance benefits prior to scheduling an appointment.
What should I wear?
Wear comfortable exercise clothing such as a T-shirt, shorts, and sneakers. Depending on your condition, you may be asked to change into a gown or shorts for proper evaluation and treatment. If you are being evaluated for running or orthotics, please bring athletic shoes.
Where do I schedule massage?
Massage can be scheduled by calling our front desk at 541-346-4401 or stopping by the department. We are located on the third floor of the University Health Services building.
Can I be seen today?
We have a policy of working in acutely injured patients for pain control and stabilization as needed. These are brief appointments. A short wait time may be necessary. You may be able to come in for a regular appointment on the same day you contact us, if there is an opening in the schedule.
I have a massage therapy appointment. What can I expect?
This is a highly professional setting. The utmost care will be taken to ensure your comfort and modesty is maintained. If you have any questions or concerns, please speak with your therapist.
How do I bill my insurance?
University Health Services now offers courtesy insurance billing to our students. Students should check with their insurance company prior to their visit to verify what services are covered by their plan.
Where can I rent crutches?
Crutches may be rented through the Physical Therapy/Sports Medicine Clinic.
UO Student Health Benefits Plan
For more detailed information and complete plan rules, please refer to the Student Guide.
What does the UO Student Health Benefits Plan cover?
UO SHBP is a comprehensive medial and prescription drug plan. Coverage includes: primary care, preventative services, hospital services, urgent and emergency services (including ambulances), x-ray, lab, nurse advice line (24/7), counseling and other mental health services, and more. See the Summary of Benefits and Student Guide for full coverage details.
This plan does not include vision or dental coverage (beyond pediatric benefits).
Is the UO Student Health Benefits Plan compliant with the Affordable Care Act?
Yes. UO SHBP is federally certified through the US Department of Health and Human Services as Minimum Essential Coverage (MEC). This means the plan satisfies the individual coverage requirement of the Affordable Care Act. To find out more information about how to satisfy the federal tax reporting requirements for health insurance, go to our federal tax information page.
Where does the UO Student Health Benefits Plan work?
The UO SHBP offers nationwide coverage through our wrap network with First Health (included in our standard, Voyager Network). In addition, it provides global coverage, including emergency evacuation and repatriation. Students should review the in-network providers in their home area to understand how the coverage will work at school and at home. The plan covers 100% of most services at University Health Services. In addition to the standard Voyager Network, the plans includes a UO Exclusive Network for additional coverage in the Eugene area.
Help me understand the tiers in the Plan Summary Document. Does each tier represent a separate plan or are all tiers included?
The UO SHBP provides three tiers of in-network providers (represented as three separate columns on the Plan Summary document). All three in-network tiers are included in the UO SHBP. The standard network is called the Voyager Network (reflected in the purple column). The Voyager Network includes providers in the Eugene area as well as our national, wrap network of providers. The UO added extra benefits in the Eugene area through the creation of our UO Exclusive Network (shown in the green column), as well as enhanced at University Health Services (shown in the orange column.) This means that when students are in the Eugene area they have even lower out-of-pocket expenses when they access care through the UO Exclusive Network or University Health Services, but they can always use the Voyager Network.
That being noted, this plan is specifically designed to work wherever the student is geographically located, so, if they're home for a break or doing an internship in another state, their plan can be expected to work wherever their studies and travels may take them. Students and families can use PacificSource website (pacificsource.com/uo) to explore in-network providers before purchasing the plan (and afterwards to help ensure they are seeking care from an in-network provider, to maximize their benefits).
As a reminder, the "Out-of-Network Providers" column (the blue column) is simply showing what students can expect in terms of coverage if they do NOT seek care from one of the many in-network providers.
Who is allowed to enroll in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
The UO SHBP is available to eligible UO students. Domestic students who are admitted to the UO, must meet one of the following criteria:
Enrolled in one or more courses that are subject to the Student Administrative Health Fee and remain enrolled in those courses through the Compliance Deadline, or
Admitted to and actively enrolled in a University-approved study abroad program as designated by Global Education Oregon, or
Approved by Student Services and Enrollment Management to take medical leave from the University and meet the criteria defined in the section titled "Medical Leave" of the Student Guide.
Who is not allowed to enroll in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
The following are examples of individuals who are not eligible for the UO SHBP:
Those enrolled in online courses only (note: remote teaching is not equivalent to 'online only')
Those who are not formally admitted to the University of Oregon in a degree-seeking status
Those who opt in to the Student Administrative Health Fee; the fee must be triggered by an eligible course
Dual enrollment students who are only taking courses at Lane Community College
Dependents of domestic students
Are UO students required to enroll in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
Domestic Students: Enrollment in the UO SHBP is optional for domestic (US-based) students. This means domestic students must complete an enrollment form during their first eligible term each year. For example, if a student is attending the UO in the fall term, they must use the fall open enrollment window.
International Students: Enrollment in the UO SHBP is mandatory for international students. International students are automatically enrolled in the plan and billed each term that they are eligible, unless they have an approved insurance waiver on file.
How do domestic students enroll in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
Domestic students must enroll in the UO SHBP during their first eligible term or semester each plan year.
Complete the Purchase UO Health Insurance form in the myUOHealth portal before the Compliance Deadline.
Pay the premiums through Duck Web before the Compliance Deadline each term.
How long does coverage last under the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
When students enroll in the UO SHBP, they are making a decision for the rest of the plan year. This means that students who continue to meet the eligibility criteria must stay on the plan for the rest of the plan year. The only exception is for students who meet the termination rules under 'qualifying events' or otherwise lose eligibility.
2020-21 Annual Coverage Dates:
UO Students: September 15, 2020– September 14, 2021
UO Law Students: August 10, 2020– August 9, 2021
Can a student enroll in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan mid-year?
Yes, but only in limited circumstances:
New students– Students may enroll in the UO SHBP during their first eligible term/semester each plan year. This means that a student who is new to the UO during winter term can enroll in the plan during the winter term enrollment window.
Qualifying event– Students who experience an involuntary loss of other qualifying health insurance coverage may be eligible to enroll in the UO SHBP midyear. Students are encouraged to contact the UO SHBP team (call 541-346-2832 or email uostudentinsure@uoregon.edu) as soon as they realize they may lose other coverage to discuss their enrollment options.
If the University of Oregon moves to primarily remote-based learning for the upcoming and/or future terms, can students drop the plan and get a refund? Also, can students simply wait and join the plan during a later term if they return to campus?
No…This plan is regulated just like any other certified health plan. Students may only join the plan or drop from the plan mid-year if they experience a ‘Qualifying Event’ and notify the team in a timely manner, providing any supporting documentation that may be required. See the Student Guide for complete rules.
It is important that students only sign up for the plan if they want the coverage regardless of where they will be studying. Remember, the plan does include a nationwide network of providers, which students/families can explore using the PacificSource website.
How much does the UO Student Health Benefits Plan cost?
Premiums for the upcoming plan year are generally available by the end of July and will be published on the website as they are available.
How do students pay for the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
Premiums are billed to the student accounts (DuckWeb) each term (at the beginning of fall, winter, and spring terms). Note: Law students are billed two times (at the beginning of the fall and spring semesters).
Students are responsible for paying their bill before the Compliance Deadline each term. If the payment is late, students will be charged a $100 late payment fee and an academic hold will be placed on their account (which means they will not be able to add/drop classes, get transcripts, etc.).
Coverage extends to the end of the summer term automatically for any students enrolled in the plan during spring term/semester.
Can students use their 529 account to pay for UO Student Health Benefits Plan premiums?
Yes. 529 accounts are a common type of college-savings account. Students can use this money to pay for the UO SHBP under the catagory "Miscellaneous Personal Expenses."
How do students use the UO Student Health Benefits Plan?
Before receiving services from any healthcare provider, see if that provider is in-network and how the UO SHBP will cover costs for that type of service. This can be done in a few different ways:
Call the PacificSource Customer Service Line: 855-274-9814
Use the website to lookup providers and benefits: pacificsource.com.uo
Download and use the mobile app: pacificsource.com/mobile/
Reminder: The plan covers 100% of most services at University Health Services.
Students should be prepared to present their PacificSource ID card (digital or printed) to each healthcare provider they see.
It is importnant students who are covered by more than one plan also present their other insurance card(s) to ensure Coordination of Benefits is properlu setup. According to Oregon state law, the UO SHBP will take an always secondary position, except when the other insurance is Medicaid/Medicare.
Students should update their address and contact information with the UO SHBP team throughout the year.
How do students get their insurance card?
Download the PacificSource app to get a mobile ID card (digital).
If preferred, students can request a printed card directly from PacificSource.
What happens to coverage if a student loses eligibility mid-year?
If a student loses eligibility for the plan, they will be terminated from the UO SHBP, sometimes retroactively. It is very important that students understand their eligibility status every term/semester and have a plan for other coverage after their eligibility ends (for example, if a student graduates in December, they will not be eligible for the plan beyond the fall term). Each term, the team checks eligibility for all enrolled students through the Compliance Deadline, if a student is found to be ineligible, their coverage is retro-terminated back to the beginning of that coverage period and any claims incurred are denied.
It is critical that students plan ahead regarding their ongoing health insurance needs so they have adequate time to find alternative coverage. The UO does not endorse any other specific plan.
What happens to coverage if a student does not take summer classes or graduates in the sping?
Any student who is eligible for and covered by the UO SHBP for the spring term will automatically be covered through the end of that plan year (August 9 for law students, September 14 for all other students).
Is re-enrollment in the UO Student Health Benefits Plan automatic?
No. Each year, students who want to be enrolled in the UO SHBP and meet the eligibility criteria must submit an enrollment form prior to the close of the FALL TERM open enrollment. If any student misses the enrollment deadline, they will not be enrolled in the plan.
General QuestionsTelemedicineCommunicable DiseasesAcupunctureImmunizationsInsuranceLaboratoryMedical RecordsMusculoskeletal ClinicOregon Contraceptive Care (CCare)PharmacyPhysical Therapy, Sports Medicine, and MassageStudent Health Benefits Plan
Division of Student LifeDivision of Student Life
Division of Student Life
University Career Center
Office of the Dean of Students
Erb Memorial Union
Holden Center for Leadership and Community Engagement
Department of Physical Education and Recreation
Parent and Family Programs
Student Services
Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
Office of the Registrar
University Counseling Services
University Health Services
University Housing
University Testing Center
University Health Services
1590 E 13th Ave
Eugene
, OR
97403
University Health Services Building
P: 541-346-2770
F: 541-346-2747
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on YouTube
Visit us on Instagram
Site Navigation
Health Requirements
Services
Billing and Charges
Health Insurance
Resources
Duck Nest
About Our TeamFAQsWhat My Fee Pays ForGet Involved EventsRenovation and Expansion
Take Action
Apply
Visit
Give
Quick Links
myUOHealth Login