https://henryart.org/terms-and-conditions
Henry
Henry
Terms and Conditions
This website (“Website”), located at the henryart.org and henryartcollections.org domain names, is published and maintained by Henry Art Gallery on the campus of the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington. By accessing and using the Website, and/or using the services offered on or through the Website (the “Services”), you agree to this Terms of Use Agreement as it may be amended from time-to-time.
1.	Website Purpose. The purpose of the Website is to provide the public with general information about Henry Art Gallery (“the Henry”) and the materials in the Henry’s collection. The Website, all Services, and all Content (meaning all material on the Website or offered through the Services, including, without limitation, all images, text, audio, video marks, logos, software, and their selection and arrangement) are provided only for personal, educational, and non-commercial use. Commercial use or publication of images and content on this site is specifically prohibited.
2.	Copyright Ownership and Restrictions. All Content is owned and controlled by the Henry and/or its affiliates and licensors, and is protected by U.S. copyright law, international copyright conventions, and other copyright laws. You agree to abide by all such laws and all restrictions displayed on the Website in conjunction with particular Content.
3.	Intellectual Property. This website and its contents are owned by University of Washington or third parties and are protected by law, including but not limited to copyright and trademark law. Certain content, such as copyrighted materials and trademarks, are used by permission of third parties. Except as allowed by law (such as fair use) or as expressly permitted in connection with specific content, this website and its contents may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, displayed, performed, or used in any way without the prior written permission of University of Washington or the third-party owner.
4.	Reporting Copyright Violations. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512©(2), University of Washington has a DMCA Registered Agent for notice of alleged DMCA copyright infringement. You may contact University of WashingtonDMCA Registered Agent at email address uwdmca@u.washington.edu. For more information, please visit the University of Washington DMCA website (http://www.washington.edu/itconnect/work/appropriate-use/uw-dmca-digital-millennium-copyright-act-information/). To file a notice of infringement with University, the requirements specified in Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 must be fulfilled. The text of this statute can be found at the United States Copyright Office website, located at http://www.copyright.gov.
5.	Inappropriate Use and Access.
a. You may not use the Website or Services to post or send any unlawful, infringing, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law.
b. You may not use the Website or Services to send spam or any unsolicited email advertisements to any user of the Website, or to the Website itself, through Voice computer systems.
c. You may not take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Henry’s network infrastructure, as determined by the Henry in its sole discretion.
d. You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or any Services.
e. You may not bypass any measures the Henry may use to prevent or restrict access to the Website, Content, or Services.
f. You may not link from any other website to this Website in any manner such that this Website, or any Content, is “framed” or surrounded by any other content, materials, or branding.
6.	Privacy. Use and release of information gathered from the Website is governed by the Henry Art Gallery Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), which is linked here and incorporated herein by reference.
7. Disclaimer. Your use of the Website, Content, and Services is at your own risk. THEWEBSITE, CONTENT, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” OR “AS AVAILABLE.” TOTHE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE HENRY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONSOR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER FOR THE WEBSITE, CONTENT, ORSERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THEIMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULARPURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND/OR THE HENRY’S NEGLIGENCE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE HENRY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE DIRECTLY ORINDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE,CONTENT, OR SERVICES, EVEN IF THE HENRY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THEPOSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE HENRY’S TOTAL LIABILITYFOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT ORTORT, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USEOF THE WEBSITE, CONTENT, AND SERVICES.
8.	Links. The Website may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”) operated by parties other than the Henry. The Henry has not reviewed the Linked Sites and does not monitor or control them. These links are provided for your reference only and the Henry is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or other Linked Sites. The Henry’s inclusion of links to Linked Sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on the Linked Sites or any association with their operators.
9. Termination. The Henry may block, suspend, or terminate your use of the Website, Content, or Services at any time for any reason. Reasons the Henry might do so include, but are not limited to, the following: a. your breach of this Agreement; b. the Henry is unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or c. the Henry believes that your actions could cause financial loss or legal liability to the Henry or other users of the Website; and d. routine network maintenance affecting all users.
10.	Changes to this Agreement. The Henry retains the right to revise this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time. Your use of the Website or any Content or Services after any particular revision of this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of the revised Agreement.
11.	Your Responsibility. The Internet is a valuable tool for University of Washington’s education, research, or service areas. University of Washington encourages you to be mindful of the intent and purpose of its websites and be responsible for safeguarding your personally identifiable information.
a. Children. If under the age of 18: Some internet sites may ask you to share information about yourself. Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to University of Washington, be sure to ask your parents for permission. If under the age of 13: If you are under the age of 13, your parent/legal guardian will need to verify that they permit you to disclose personally identifiable information via the respective University website.
b. Parents/Legal Guardians. University of Washington encourages you take an active role in your children’s use of the internet by talking with them about safe and responsible computing before sending any information about themselves over the internet. Children Under the Age of 13: If your child is under the age of 13, University of Washington requests that you review the website and follow requested verification procedures before permitting your child to submit personally identifiable information.
12.	Governing Law and Venue. The Website is created and controlled by the Henry in the state of Washington. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. By using the Website, Content, or Services, you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in King County, Washington in all disputes arising out of or relating to your use.
13.	General. This is the entire agreement between you and the Henry and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements (written or oral). If any portion of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, that portion will be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect. The Henry’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Contact
Direct all questions regarding this statement to:
Henry Art Gallery
University of Washington
15th Avenue NE and NE 41st Street
Box 351410
Seattle, WA 98195-1410
info@henryart.org
+1 (206) 543 2280 phone
+1 (206) 685 3123 fax