http://historylink101.com/privacy_policy.htm
Our Privacy Policy
By Topic
Biographies
History of Art
History of Farming
History
Maps
Mythology and Religion
Original Text
Pictures
Timelines
Other Pages
About the Author
Disclaimer
Our
Privacy Policy
Historylink101.com respect your privacy!  We do not collect any
personal information from our users.   We encourage correspondence to suggest sites.
These sites are evaluated and may be included in our web resources pages as further resources to our users.  General
comments are used for feedback purposes and are kept confidential.
Resale or
disclosure of information to third parties:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
you visit our Website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click
stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements
clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater
interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web
beacon to collect this information.
If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We also utilize Google Ads and Search features in our advertising:
Google, as a third party vendor,
uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to this sites and other sites on the Internet.
Browser information collected on the website:
History Link 101
analyzes our website stats collected by Google Analytics to constantly improve the value of the materials
available on website.
No attempt to identify visitors is made
by this site.
Use of cookies:
Historylink101 uses no cookies, though third party advertisers may use cookies for their ad serving on Historylink101.com and it's affiliated sites.
Follow our updates on Facebook or Twitter
World War II , Ancient Greece and Anceint Africa
Complete with the up-to-date web resources
We've done the searching so you don't have to!
Search History Link 101
Images and clipart graphics by Corel Family of Products for viewing only.
Copyright © 2000-2019 All Rights Reserved History Source LLC.
Contact Us:  Suggest a Site - General Comments
See Our New Picture Site Crossroads Home Decor
Privacy Policy      About the Author
Site Map     (xml)
Like Our Facebook Page