https://hodges.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Hodges’ website. Hodges University follows all rules and regulations as required by Florida Statutes, U.S. Federal laws, and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Hodges University can be found online at www.hodges.edu. We also have two campus locations. Naples Campus: 2647 Professional Circle, Naples, FL 34119 and Fort Myers Campus: 4501 Colonial Blvd., Fort Myers, FL 33966.
Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and/or alteration of information within our control. We make every reasonable effort to put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online. However, Hodges’ website privacy policy is not intended to be construed as a contractual promise.
We collect voluntarily provided data about our website visitors through account creation, application, and contact forms submitted via this site.
Additionally, we use website tracking data to provide the best possible user experience. We also use cookies on our website to direct and tailor information based on your entry path to the site. This site also collects traffic and visitor information such as the internet domain and internet address of the computer you are using by utilizing standard web analytics tools and tracking tools. Information collected is for internal use only to support student enrollment, responding to website visitor queries, and website analytics.
If you comment on anything on our website, you are voluntarily submitting your email address and other information. This information will be used to post your details on our site in accord with regular use. If you would like your information removed, please request removal by emailing admit@hodges.edu. We will never sell or otherwise divulge your information to third parties. Hodges University conforms to applicable local, state, and federal regulations governing the collection and storing of personal information. You can opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features through Google’s Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means. If you would like to disable website tracking, please adjust the settings in your browser to block tracking.
Links to external Internet resources, including websites, are being provided for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement or an approval by Hodges University of any of the products, services, or opinions of the corporation, organization, or individual. Hodges University bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality, or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links. Contact the external site for answers to questions regarding its content.
All information on our website is provided for informational purposes only. Hodges is in no way recommending services to you through your use of our website. Hodges is held harmless from any problems that may arise based on the information found on our website.
Our website may be updated at any time. Our degree programs and financial aid programs may be adjusted or changed at any time and without any prior notice.
In general, Hodges’ website is intended for use by adults, unless specifically labeled for children. Hodges does not knowingly collect personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age of 13 that was not supplied to us voluntarily, we will delete that data from our systems.
All information contained on this website is copyrighted under the Copyright Act of 1976. You may not use any content including, but not limited to: images, faculty data, or logo without express permission from Hodges University.
If you are an individual inside the EU and you interact with Hodges in the context of this Notice, the GDPR provides the following rights. To exercise any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at Gloria Wrenn, jobs@hodges.edu.
Be informed – collection and use of your data described herein;
Request access to or correct inaccurate personal data held about you;
Request that personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful;
Object to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes or on grounds relating to their particular situation;
Request restriction of processing of personal data in specific cases;
Obtain your personal data (‘data portability’);
Request to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of personal data, including profiling.
Personal data will only be processed when the law permits this to happen. In some cases, Hodges may provide other information about its processing activities in its own supplemental or separate notice. Most commonly, personal data will be processed by Hodges in the following circumstances:
Where you have given us your consent.
In order to fulfill Hodges’ obligations to you as part of your contract of employment or enrollment.
Where Hodges needs to comply with a legal obligation (for example, the detection or prevention of crime and financial regulations).
Where it is necessary for Hodges’ legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
To protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another person (for example, in the case of a medical emergency).
In order to perform a task carried out in the public interest or the exercise of official authority vested in us.
As an American institution of higher education, the processing of almost all personal data by Hodges will take place in the United States. Visitors to this website acknowledge that personal data provided or collected through its website will be transferred to the United States, and by continuing to use such website, you consent to this transfer.
If you have any questions about our policies regarding your terms of use, please contact us at the email address admit@hodges.edu.
ACCEPT
We use cookies and other data collection tools to create the best possible user experience, to better understand how they are used please visit our privacy policy page. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this.To the extent the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is applicable to me, by visiting this website I hereby consent to the processing of my Personal Data as defined by the GDPR for the purposes outlined and provided for in Hodges’ policies, as amended from time to time. I understand that in certain circumstances, I have the right to object to the processing of my Personal Data. I further understand that I have the right to request (1) access to my Personal Data; (2) rectification of mistakes or errors and/or erasure of my Personal Data; (3) that Hodges restrict processing of my Personal Data; and (4) that Hodges provide my Personal Data upon request in a portable format.Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
We use cookies and other data collection tools to create the best possible user experience, to better understand how they are used please visit our privacy policy page. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this.To the extent the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is applicable to me, by visiting this website I hereby consent to the processing of my Personal Data as defined by the GDPR for the purposes outlined and provided for in Hodges’ policies, as amended from time to time. I understand that in certain circumstances, I have the right to object to the processing of my Personal Data. I further understand that I have the right to request (1) access to my Personal Data; (2) rectification of mistakes or errors and/or erasure of my Personal Data; (3) that Hodges restrict processing of my Personal Data; and (4) that Hodges provide my Personal Data upon request in a portable format.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Translate »