https://homeschoolers.org/homeschooling-info/mn-homeschooling-laws-forms/student-data-privacy/
Home
Homeschooling Info
Getting Started
Homeschool Books & Resources
MN Laws & Forms
Reporting
Immunizations
Yearly Testing
Record Keeping
Student Data Privacy
Connect with other Homeschoolers
Children with Special Needs
Teens
PSEO
Driver’s Ed
Tax Information
About Us
MHA Board
Events
Blog
Picnic
Science Fair
MHA Convention
MHA Used Book Sale
Contact Us
Support MHA!
Shop
Cart
Student Data Privacy
Data Privacy and Military Recruiters
There has been some confusion about the privacy of data submitted by homeschoolers to their school districts. A recent change in Minnesota law made homeschool data “private.” On its face, this was a positive change, because the law now essentially states that homeschoolers’ data cannot be released without the prior written consent of the child’s parent or guardian. See Minn. Stat. 13.32, subd. 4(a). However, as is so often the case in legal matters, there are exceptions to that rule. One of those exceptions is that private data can be released “pursuant to a statute specifically authorizing access to the private data.” See Minn. Stat. 13.32, subd. 3(c).
What can I do to keep my child’s data private?
One of the provisions of the federal No Child Left Behind legislation requires schools receiving federal funds to give military recruiters “access to secondary school students names, addresses and telephone listings.” This portion of the federal legislation, often referred to as Section 9528, is available here: “Armed Forces Recruiter Access to Students and Student Recruiting Information.” Section 9528 requires your school district to give your children’s data to military recruiters when they ask for it, even though Minnesota law regards that data as private.
The No Child Left Behind legislation also has exceptions. You can request that your children’s information not be released to military recruiters. This rule is found at Section 9528(a)(2). Your school district is technically required to inform you of this option, but that doesn’t appear to be happening in many Minnesota school districts. We are aware that some districts have forms you can sign that will protect your children’s data from military recruiters. However, you need to request those forms, fill them out, and return them to your district.
MHA takes no position on whether parents should or should not make an effort to prevent military recruiters from obtaining their children’s private data. We’re quite certain we have members with proud records of military service, and members whose religious and philosophical beliefs are opposed to war. In keeping with our mission, we’re simply providing information to our members so each family can make its own informed decision on this issue.
If you are comfortable with your children’s data going to military recruiters, you need take no action. If you would prefer to protect your children’s data from military recruiters, you’ll need to take some steps to prevent it. A logical first step is to call your school district and request its “opt out” form, if it has one. If there is no district form, you can write a letter requesting that your children’s data not be released to military recruiters. We have provided a link to a site containing examples of such correspondence.
Become a MHA supporting member!
MHA Supporting Membership 2020-2021
$25.00
Sign Up for our Mailing List
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: Field trips, co-ops, playgroups, testing, and more!
© 2013 Minnesota Homeschoolers' Alliance
Privacy Policy