https://honitonmuseum.co.uk/index.php?page=privacy-policy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Allhallows Museum of Lace and Local Antiquities, Honiton, Devon
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Home
Visitor Information
About Us
Murch Gallery
Nicol Gallery
Norman Gallery
Research
Schools
Lace Making
Shop
Contact Us
Guestbook
Sitemap
News
Facebook
Privacy Policy
The General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR)
Allhallows Museum - Privacy and Security Policy
At Allhallows Museum we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Allhallows Museum was founded in 1946 and is a Registered Charity ( no 306645)  and Accredited Museum ( no 798 ). Our address is Allhallows Museum, High Street, Honiton, Devon, UK, EX14 1PG. Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@honitonmuseum.co.uk.
This policy explains how Allhallows Museum uses any information you give to us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy. We have a legal duty and are committed to protecting any information we collect from you. We take appropriate security measures to safeguard your data and apply security standards & controls to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
By using our website, social media pages, or providing your information you consent to our collection and use of the information you provide in the way(s) set out in this policy. If you do not agree to this policy please do not use our site, social media pages or services.
When you visit our website, your IP address, browser and version, operating system and the site you came from are stored in a log file. This information is only used for statistical purposes to help improve this site. Log files do not contain any personal information. We do not use cookies for collecting personal information and we will not collect any information about you except that required for administration of the web server.
If you send us an e-mail message or complete an on-line form, we will use your e-mail/postal address and any information you provide to deal with and respond to your query or comments. This information may be disclosed to the appropriate person in order to deal with or respond to your message. We will keep your information only for as long as we need it to provide you with the services or information you have requested. We do not share your data with anyone else and have no intention of doing so unless we are legally required to do so, e.g. by a law enforcement agency legitimately exercising a power or if compelled by an order of the Court.
Information is stored by us on computers located in the UK only. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur while it is under our control, we use our best efforts to try to prevent this.
We are committed  to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission before you provide us with personal information.
We may collect information that you give to us in consultations, surveys, competitions or questionnaires. Whenever we do this we will inform you of what your information will be used for and to whom it will be disclosed.
This privacy statement applies only to websites belonging to and operated by Allhallows Museum. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party web sites that may be linked to our web pages.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you please contact our designated Data Protection Officer at info@honitonmuseum.co.uk.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this.  We keep this Policy under regular review.
This Policy was last updated in May 2018.
The official site for Allhallows Museum Honiton
Copyright © 2010 Allhallows Museum, Honiton, Devon, UK
Tel: 01404 44966
Email: info@honitonmuseum.co.uk