https://iahe.net/iahe-website-privacy-policy
317-467-6244
office@iahe.net
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Login
0 Items
IAHE Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Our privacy policy is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect and how we use that information.
Information Collection and Use
Indiana Association of Home Educators is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways differently than we have disclosed in this statement. Indiana Association of Home Educators collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their full contact information. This information is used to evaluate the application and allows us to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that we, Indiana Association of Home Educators are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the our site. Operators may be subject to the FTC’s privacy regulations and if so, (i) the FTC’s regulations contain sample disclosures that operators may consider; and (ii) operators may be required to send annual notices in addition to initial disclosures to their customers.
Security
This website takes precautions to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, information is protected both online and off-line.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our blog so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or US mailing so as to enable users to “opt-out” if we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If you have any questions about the security at our website or this privacy policy, you may contact us at: office@iahe.net.
Visit the IAHE ShopIAHE Membership (2)
Books (1)
Gift Card (1)
IAHE Workshop Recordings (169)
2017 Forged (54)
2018 Abundant Mercy (55)
2019 A Home Grown Education (50)
Workshop Bundles (13)
Printables & eBooks (7)
Planners (1)
Homeschool Gear (46)
Kid/Teen Clothing (15)
Accessories (15)
Adult Clothing (21)
Search the IAHE Shop
Search for:
Search
Product tagsBeginners (101)
Career Planning
Charlotte Mason
Choosing Curriculum
College Prep
Communication
Crew 4:12
Curriculum
Dads
Developing a Vision
Dual Credit
Encouragement
Getting Started
High School
Homeschool Family
Homeschool Freedom
Homeschool Mom
Homeschool Rock Star
IAHE
Keep Calm
Language Arts
Learning Styles
Legislative Issues
Literature
Math
Middle School
Minimalism
Moms
Parenting
Planning
Preschool
Raising Boys
Record Keeping
Scheduling
Science
Smartest Kid
Special Learners
Strategies for Teaching
Teaching Heart
Teaching Strategies
Teaching Styles
Teens
Transcripts
Worship
Writing Looking for something?…
Search for: