http://ibsb.ro/terms-and-conditions/
SCHOOL BASE
CONTACT US
EMPLOYMENT
IBSB LOG IN
© 2016 IBSB. All Rights Reserved. Proudly Crafted By
Quart - Creative Agency.
CLOSE
CLOSE
About
Executive Director’s Welcome
Head of School Message
Our Mission, Vision, Core Values, Aims
IBSB Curriculum
Accreditation
School Policies
School Calendar
Meet Our Staff
School Magazine
Admissions
Why choose IBSB
Visits and Enquiries
Apply to IBSB
Application Forms
School Fees
Uniforms
Frequently Asked Questions
School Life
Houses
Prefects
Student Council
Clubs
Extracurricular Activities
Work Experience
CAS
DOEIA
PTF
EYFS
Early Years Curriculum
The School Day
Learning English
Educational Visits
Parent Workshops
Primary
Head of Primary Message
Primary Curriculum
The School Day
English Support
Languages
Secondary
Head of Secondary Message
Secondary Curriculum
The School Day
English Support
6th Form Life
Academic Results
University Destinations
Back
SCHOOL BASE
CONTACT US
EMPLOYMENT
IBSB LOG IN
© 2016 IBSB. All Rights Reserved. Proudly Crafted By
Quart - Creative Agency.
INTERNATIONAL BRITISH SCHOOL OF BUCHAREST
EDUCATION WITHOUT FRONTIERS
Contact Us
Apply to IBSB
School Calendar
School Base
IBSB Sign-in Portal
SCROLL TO EXPLORE
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the website www.ibsb.ro (called below “Website”). The following terms and conditions govern your use of the Website whether you are a guest or a registered user. By using the Website, you accept these terms and conditions.
The Website uses cookies to improve your experience with the content. By using the Website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies. Please read more about our Privacy Policy here.
You can contact International British School of Bucharest at 21-25 Agricultori St., District 2, Bucharest, Romania, Tel: +40 21 253 16 98 / Fax: +40 21 253 16 97, E-mail address: office@ibsb.ro.
Licence to use website
Unless otherwise stated in the specific content of a page, International British School of Bucharest owns the intellectual property rights in the Website and materials on the Website (texts, images, video and audio files, downloadable files). All these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download and print pages from the Website for your personal use only, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions. You must not:
• use materials from the Website for republication
• sell, rent, promote or sub-license material from the Website
• make any material from the Website available to the public without permission, including the downloadable materials available in the Sign In area
• reproduce, duplicate or copy materials from the Website for a commercial purpose
• edit or modify any material on the Website
Acceptable use
You must not use the Website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to International British School of Bucharest, its affiliates (including their reputation or goodwill) or the Website (including the impairment of the availability or accessibility of the Website).
You must not use the Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. You must not use the Website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial or non-commercial communications.
Accessing the Website
Access to the Website is permitted permanently or on a temporary basis, and International British School of Bucharest reserves the right to withdraw or amend the services provided on the Website without notice. International British School of Bucharest will not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period, due to technical issues related to third parties (hosting, email service provider, Internet provider, etc.).
Access to certain areas of the Website is restricted under password. International British School of Bucharest reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of the Website, or indeed the whole Website, at its discretion.
If we provide you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of the Website or other content or services, such as the Sign In area, you must ensure that that user ID and password is kept confidential.
Linking to the Website
You may link to our home page, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
If you wish to make use of material on the Website other than that set out above, please address your request to office@ibsb.ro.
Linking from the Website
We have no control over the contents of other sites or resources linked inside the Website’s pages and we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Third party rights
These terms and conditions are for the benefit of you and us and are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation to these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
Acceptance of these terms
By using the Website, you agree to International British School of Bucharest Privacy Statement. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, add or remove portions of our Terms and Conditions and website content at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes as it is your obligation to stay informed. If you do not agree to our Terms and Conditions or you do not accept the changes we make periodically, please do not use this Website.