http://ies.berkeley.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Join our Mailing List | Contact | Donate
Search form
Search
AboutMission
History
Research
IES in the World
Newsletters
Resources
Seminar Room Rental - 201 Moses Hall
PeopleProgram Heads
Affiliated Faculty
Advisory Board
Senior Fellows
Visiting Researchers
Graduate Students
URAP Students
ProgramsAustrian StudiesAustrian Studies Network
Grants
Events
People
Visiting Fellows
Botstiber Visiting Professorship
BENELUX ProgramGrants and Fellowships
Courses
Study Abroad
Queen Beatrix Chair and Pieter Paul Rubens Chair
Research Resources
People
Our Partners
French StudiesGrants
People
Resources
Travel to France
Donate
Contact
Irish StudiesPeople
The Robert and Rebecca Tracy Lecture Series
News and Events
Courses
Resources and Links
Subscribe
Nordic StudiesEvents
Grants and Fellowships
Courses
People
Spanish StudiesPeople
Study Abroad in Spain
Department of Spanish and Portuguese
Center for Latin American Studies
Program For The Study Of ItalyAffiliated Faculty
Director
Center for British StudiesEvents
Grants
Courses
Graduate Groups
Research Resources
Faculty
Publications
Contact
Center for German and European StudiesAbout
People
CGES - German History Lecture Series
CGES Blogs
Global Germany
Anniversary
Center for Portuguese StudiesPeople
Resources
Research
Events
European Union CenterContact Us
Grants
People
Publications
Resources
France-Berkeley Fund
Peder Sather Center
Visiting ResearchersVisiting Scholars
Visiting Student Researchers
Executives-in-Residence
StudentsUndergraduates
Graduates
Designated Emphasis in European Studies
Grants
Events
Outreach
Give to IESDonate
How to Give
Our Sponsors
Privacy Statement
You are hereHome
University of California
Privacy Statement - Institute of European Studies website
http://ies.berkeley.edu
Policy
The University of California is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of your personally identifiable information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize disclosure, personally identifiable information is not disclosed without your consent.
Information Collection and Use
Categories of personally identifiable information collected by this website include:  names and email addresses. The personally identifiable information requested by us may be used to respond to submissions for internships, funding and other competitions. Fields marked with an “*” are required to help us identify the submission and personalize our communication. Article IX, Section 9 of the California Constitution grants authority to the University of California to maintain this information.
Additionally, the Web server collects, at least temporarily, the following information: Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used; Web pages requested; referring Web page; browser used; date and time; place of origin, screen resolution, computer operating system; web pages visited; duration of visits; search terms and phrases. This information is collected to monitor your navigation of our Web pages. We may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site access. This information is generally used to improve web presentation and utilization. We also may use IP address information for troubleshooting purposes.
Use of collected information
The Institute of European Studies website may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site accesses and for profiling purposes. This information is generally used to improve Web presentation and utilization. The campus also may use IP address information for troubleshooting purposes.
Google Analytics
The Institute of European Studies website uses Google Analytics to capture and analyze web statistics. Google Analytics is a cookie-based analytics program that uses cookies to track website activity. Google Analytics typically collects, at least temporarily, the following information: Network Location; Hostname; web pages requested; referring web page; browser used; screen resolution; date and time. No personal information is stored within cookies. Cookies can be disabled within a browser's preference or option menu.
For more information about Google Analytics, see Google Privacy Center - Privacy Policy.
For information regarding UC Berkeley’s Privacy Statement, send email to itpolicy@berkeley.edu.
Disclosure of Collected Information
The Institute of European Studies will not disclose or share, without your consent, personally identifiable information, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure may be required by law. Your personally identifiable information will not be distributed or sold to third-party organizations.
Alternative Choice
Individuals who wish to use methods other than online enrollment may submit requests by U.S. mail addressed to the Institute of European Studies, 207 Moses Hall #2316, Berkeley, CA  94720 or by email to ies@berkeley.edu.
Updating Personal Information
Questions regarding your options to review, modify or delete previously provided personal information should be directed to the Institute of European Studies, 207 Moses Hall #2316, Berkeley, CA  94720 or by email to ies@berkeley.edu.
Policy Changes
This privacy policy has been created and approved by the Institute of European Studies. Any revisions to this privacy policy will be posted at this URL. You may submit inquiries about this policy to the Institute of European Studies, 207 Moses Hall #2316, Berkeley, CA  94720 or by email to ies@berkeley.edu.
Links to Other Sites
You may encounter links to other Web sites of organizations not directly affiliated with the University of California. Please be aware that the University of California is not responsible for the information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of each external Web site that collects personal information.
Update: January 9, 2017
Printer-friendly version
Institute of European Studies
207 Moses Hall, #2316
University of California
Berkeley, CA  94720-2316
ies@berkeley.edu
Support
Contact
Events
Blog
IES in the World
Annual Reports
© Copyright UC Regents.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Statement