https://ilearn-nti.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the website (the “Service”) operated by iLearn NTI (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of iLearn NTI and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by iLearn NTI .
iLearn NTI has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that iLearn NTI shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Cannot Sleep at Night? The Cell Phone of Yours Could be the Culprit!
AdSense or even the Amazon Affiliate Program? That Must you Use?
The Downsides of Cardio: Why Excessive Aerobic Exercise Most Likely are not Beneficial
Turning into a Personal Trainer and Working with Motivation
Locating the Perfect Gift for an Individual
Negative Effects of Sleep Deprivation
Suggestions Regarding How to Plan Your Corporate Golf Holidays
Folic Acid
Categories
Amazon
Animals
Business
Copywriter
Education
Fashion
Finance
Health & Fitness
Home
Main
Real Estate
SEO
Shopping
Social Media
Tourism
Transport
Travel
Twitter
Writing
Tagsamazon
animals
blogger
book
brand
bullion
business
coins
content
copywriter
copywriters
copywriting
dogs
emergency
facebook
finance
folic acid
gold
guide
health
insomnia
internet
investing
investment
likes
manchester
marketing
marketing plan
melatonin
museum
online
optimization
pets
pineal gland
product
product listing
property management
rank
real estate
seo
sleep
tourism
transportation
travel
twitter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.