https://independentsector.org/privacy/
Skip to main content
Privacy
Independent Sector believes strongly in respecting the privacy of those who visit its website (“Users”) and does not share personal information about Users except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. Independent Sector uses its website (the www.independentsector.org domain) to provide information about its work to lead America’s nonprofit community. In the process, data may be exchanged between Independent Sector, servers, Users, and their browsers. To access certain services on the Independent Sector website, Users may be asked to provide their name, email address, and other information.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the standards that Independent Sector follows with regard to all activities undertaken and information provided by Users who register for the Independent Sector Conference, order publications, subscribe to any of Independent Sector’s electronic information services, participate in surveys, access resources restricted to Independent Sector members, or otherwise communicate with Independent Sector through its website. It does not apply to any other information collected by Independent Sector by any other means.
I. Information Collected.
Independent Sector collects information about Users of Independent Sector’s website to, among other things, process conference registrations and publication orders, provide electronic information services, conduct User surveys, control access to resources restricted to Independent Sector members, and offer a secure and personalized Internet resource for Users.
The following list includes the different types of information Independent Sector collects:
Personally Identifiable Information
“Personally Identifiable Information” (“PII”) is information that would allow someone to identify or contact a User, such as a User’s name, organization, address, and email address. PII does not include aggregated information or information about Users that, by itself, does not permit the identification of a specific individual. For example, statistics about how many persons visited Independent Sector’s website last month is not PII.
Independent Sector does not require Users to register or provide PII to view the Independent Sector homepage or many other areas of the Independent Sector website. There are occasions when Independent Sector requests PII in order to provide Users with specific services. For example, PII is collected to enable Users to sign up for newsletters or other information services. Member-restricted portions of the Independent Sector website may require additional PII, which will be used by Independent Sector in accordance with the terms of membership and this Privacy Policy.
Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
“Nonpersonally Identifiable Information” (“NII”) is information about User behavior that is not associated with a User’s name, contact information or other PII. Examples of such data would be IP addresses, browser types, and access times. Independent Sector may use this information to customize Independent Sector’s website for Users, but shall not include or refer to PII, such as a User’s email address, when using this type of data.
Aggregated Information
“Aggregated Information” (“AI”) refers to information Independent Sector gathers by compiling NII to provide summaries of use of Independent Sector’s website. Independent Sector may use AI to understand the interests of Users as a group, but such AI is not linked to individual Users’ PII. Given the nonpersonally identifiable nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon Independent Sector’s right to aggregate this information and IS may share this AI with third parties and use this information in any way.
II. Opting Out of Communications
Users may opt out of receiving communications from Independent Sector by contacting Independent Sector as follows:
Send email to info@independentsector.org
Send mail to:
Independent Sector
1602 L Street, NW, Suite 900
Washington, DC 20036
III. Correcting or Updating Personal Information
Users may correct or update PII previously provided to Independent Sector by contacting Independent Sector as follows:
Send email to info@independentsector.org
Send mail to:
Independent Sector
1602 L Street, NW, Suite 900
Washington, DC 20036
IV. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Independent Sector does not share any User’s PII with any third party without the consent of the User, except that Independent Sector may, pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement that prohibits third parties from using any User’s PII for direct marketing purposes, share such information with third-party service providers who perform functions on behalf of Independent Sector, including without limitation credit card transaction processing, conference registration, electronic distributions, and mailings. Independent Sector will not sell, exchange, or release Users’ PII to any third party, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or valid legal processes, to protect the rights and property of Independent Sector, or to provide the services or information a User has requested. Users are informed of the terms of use at the time PII is provided through a link to the terms on an Independent Sector webpage. For example, Users can request that Independent Sector send them newsletters and can opt out from receiving future newsletters at any time by following the instructions in section II above. Similarly, Users who register online to attend the Independent Sector conference may opt out from having their name and other contact information included in a public list of conference attendees.
Independent Sector uses third parties to process credit card transactions. Such third parties receive the credit card number and other PII only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment. Independent Sector does not store credit card information.
V. Use of Cookies
Independent Sector’s website uses a standard technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a small piece of information stored on a User’s computer and not on Independent Sector’s website that enables a User’s web browser to remember User preferences and other specific User information. For example, cookies allow a User to log in without entering the User’s User Name each time the User accesses Independent Sector’s website. Independent Sector may use cookies to provide customized content for individual Users and monitor how visitors use Independent Sector’s website, which allows Independent Sector to improve and tailor its website. Users may not be able to use some parts of Independent Sector’s website if they disable cookies.
VI. Links to Third-Party Websites
This Privacy Policy addresses only activities connected with Independent Sector’s website and servers. Other sites, including those to which Independent Sector’s website links, may have their own website privacy policies. Independent Sector does not control these third-party websites, and this Privacy Policy does not control or address use of these third-party websites. Independent Sector encourages Users to review the privacy policies posted on these third-party websites. Links to a third-party website do not denote an affiliation with the website or an endorsement of its missions or viewpoints. Independent Sector does not endorse and has no responsibility for the content, accuracy of the information, and quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party websites.
VII. Security Procedures
Independent Sector has implemented security measures to protect Users’ PII from loss, misuse, and alteration. Independent Sector uses industry-standard practices, such as encrypted storage and password protection systems, to safeguard the confidentiality of Users’ PII. We reserve the right to change these security measures to accommodate new security technologies and methods. Although Independent Sector has implemented security measures to protect a User’s PII, please be advised that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and Users assume the risk of any security breaches.
VIII. Consent to this Privacy Policy
When Users use Independent Sector’s website, they are using a service provided by Independent Sector and, therefore, agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
IX. Privacy of Children
Independent Sector does not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of thirteen.
X. Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy
Independent Sector reserves the right to amend its Privacy Policy, subject to the following reasonable notice provisions. If Independent Sector decides to use Users’ PII in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, Independent Sector shall notify Users in advance via email. Users may choose whether or not Independent Sector may use such information in this manner. In addition, if Independent Sector makes any material changes in its privacy practices that do not affect Users’ PII already provided to Independent Sector, Independent Sector shall post a prominent notice on its website notifying Users of the change. In some cases where Independent Sector posts such notice, Independent Sector may also email Users who have opted to receive communications from Independent Sector, notifying them of the changes in Independent Sector’s privacy practices. Use of Independent Sector’s website following reasonable notice of any change to the Privacy Policy shall constitute a User’s acceptance of such change.
Independent Sector shall update and amend this Privacy Policy if and when it is necessary. Please check Independent Sector’s website often to read Independent Sector’s most updated and amended Privacy Policy. Upon posting an amended Privacy Policy, Independent Sector shall notify Users via email.
XI. Use of Website Content
The information contained on Independent Sector’s website is provided for general informational purposes only. None of this information is intended or should be construed to be legal advice or a legal opinion. Although reasonable effort is made to ensure that the information contained on the website is as accurate as possible, omissions and errors may occur and the information may not reflect the most current developments. Independent Sector expressly disclaims all liability to any person with respect to the consequences of any act or omission committed based upon reliance, in whole or in part, on any of the contents of the website.
XII. Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, use of your PII, or the Independent Sector website, please contact Independent Sector as follows:
Send email to info@independentsector.org
Send mail to:
Independent Sector
1602 L Street, NW, Suite 900
Washington, DC 20036
Call 202-467-6100