https://internationaltowingmuseum.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The International Towing Museum is committed to protecting the privacy of our guests, donors, and others that visit our website. The Museum does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and/or mailing or e-mail addresses, unless the individual visiting the Museum website knowingly provides such information. By using the International Towing Museum website, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the Museum’s Privacy Policy.
Use and disclosure of information collected on the ITM Website:
The International Towing Museum uses the personal information you provide to us for internal purposes. These may include transaction processing and tracking, analytics of current trends, and collecting statistics. The Museum may also gather and provide cumulative statistics about visitors, customers, sales, and other related site information to third parties. This information will not include any personally identifying components, and will be utilized for the purposes of improving Museum functions.
The ITM website may include links to third party websites over which the Museum has no control. Once you navigate away from the ITM website, the ITM Privacy Policy will not apply.
If you provide your e-mail address to us, ITM may send you e-mails in order to alert you information, events, activities, or promotions related to ITM that the Museum believes you may be interested in. If you would not like to receive this type of correspondence, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and postal address to officemanager@towingmuseum.com. There will always be an option to unsubscribe from ITM e-newsletters or e-blasts.
Cookie Data:
A cookie is a piece of information or data that is stored on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a particular client and website for record keeping purposes. Without the use of cookies, ITM website users may be asked to provide the same information repeatedly or some actions may not function at all.
The use of cookies is common on the internet. ITM only uses cookies when appropriate. ITM will never use cookies to retrieve data from your computer that was not transmitted in a cookie from us. ITM does not use the information transferred through cookies for advertising purposes. ITM also will never share cookie information to third parties for marketing or other uses.
Online Purchases, Memberships, and Donations:
When you make purchases on the Museum website, ITM requires your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information to process your order. Your credit card information will be stored temporarily on a secured server and used only as needed for the purpose of your transaction processing. ITM will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate and ensure better customer service, and to inform you of products and promotions. Information collected is never sold, leased, or rented to third parties.
ITM Membership purchases and donations made through the Museum website require you to provide us with the information needed to process your membership and/or acknowledge your contribution to the Museum. The information required includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and payment information. Your credit card information will be stored temporarily on a secured server and used only as needed for transaction processing. ITM will retain your personally identifiable information for our records. Be assured that the Museum does not sell, lease, or rent member and/or donor lists to third parties and will not do so in the future. Any ITM staff or volunteer access to personal member or donor information is limited and based solely on job function. Member and donor information is viewed only by staff and volunteers who understand the confidential nature of the information.
Public Forums:
The ITM website may utilize the use of chat rooms, forums, social media sites, and/or message boards. ITM would like to remind you that any information that is disclosed in through these outlets becomes public information. We ask that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
Security:
The ITM website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of any information or data under our control. All customer data ITM collects is protected against unauthorized access.
Contact:
If you have any further questions or inquiries regarding the International Towing Museum website:
International Towing Museum
3315 Broad St. | Chattanooga, TN 37408
P: 423.267.3132
E: officemanager@towingmuseum.com
Donate
Museum Contact InfoThe International Towing & Recovery
Hall of Fame & Museum
3315 Broad Street
Chattanooga, TN 37408
(423) 267-3132
officemanager@towingmuseum.com
Admission and Hours
Adults - $10.00
Seniors (55 or older) - $9.00 Military
AAA - $8.50
Children 6 - 14 - $6.00
Children under 5 are free.
Children must be accompanied by an adult.
Museum Hours of Operation:
Mon - Sat: 9:00 - 5:00
Sunday - 11:00 - 5:00
ITRHFM will be Closed on these Holidays:
Easter Sunday, July 4th, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year's Day