https://intellitec.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Here we explain how IntelliTec College (the “IntelliTec College Site” or “IntelliTec College Website”) uses the information it gathers from visitors. The Websites encompass the IntelliTec College Website: https://intellitec.edu
Information We Gather
When a visitor comes to the IntelliTec College site, it may gather information like: your IP address, pages visited, where you came from before visiting the site, and software used to visit the site.
If you apply for admission, schedule a visit, or ask to receive information or other services provided by IntelliTec College, all that information is confidential and not shared with other parties except if authorized by you as part of the service you request.
How We Use Your Information
By submitting this form, you are giving your express written consent for IntelliTec Colleges to contact you regarding our educational programs and services using email, telephone or text – including our use of automated technology for calls or texts to any wireless number you provide. This consent is not required to purchase goods or services and you may always call us directly at 1-800-748-2282.
The IntelliTec College Websites don’t: collect personally identifiable information (your name, email address, etc) unless you freely give it to us; give any personal information to other parties, except if authorized by you as part of the service you request.
Information collected can include: name, address, phone numbers, and the email address where we can reach you. We may use this information to contact you via different channels including phone calls, e-mail, text messages, and snail mail regarding our products/services.
We track search terms visitors enter into the IntelliTec College search engine, but we don’t associate these terms with individual visitors.
IntelliTec College will only reveal your personal information if required by law, or if we have the reasonable and in-good-faith belief that this type of action is necessary.
Contact Info
Please direct any question about this Privacy Policy to: Phone: 719.632.8116, IntelliTec Colleges, 2504 E Pikes Peak Ave, Suite 305, Colorado Springs, CO 80909.
How much is tuition?
Can I get financial aid?
What are my career prospects?
When does it start?
Program
-- Select one Program --
Which Program are you interested in?
Campus
-- Select one Program first --
Which Campus are you interested in?
First Name
You know our name. Please tell us yours!
Last Name
Our form needs a last name to be happy :)
Email
Hmm. That email address doesn’t look right...
Phone
You’re almost finished! We just need your phone number.
By submitting this form, you are giving your express written consent for Intellitec College to contact you regarding our programs and services using email, telephone or text - including our use of automated technology for calls and periodic texts to any wireless number you provide. Message and data rates may apply. This consent is not required to purchase goods/services and you may always call us directly at 1-800-748-2282.
What our graduates say
This program has helped me see that their is more to life. Also this program helped me work on my inner skills and to bring the best out in me.
more
Accreditation
Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges
Why Accreditation Is Important
When you attend an accredited institution, you are attending a school that has undergone a rigorous process that evaluates educational quality. It’s not easy to become or remain an accredited institution. The rules and regulations are strict, precise and designed to protect students. Here are some of the benefits:
A reliable indicator of quality
Approved program of study
Qualified instructors
Recognition by employers nationwide
Albuquerque
Colorado Springs
Grand Junction
Pueblo
Grand Junction
Massage / Cosmo Clinic
Pueblo
Massage / Cosmo Clinic
© 2020 Intellitec College. All Rights Reserved. Website by Enrollment Resources.
Get Info!
Get Info!
×
X
IntelliTec College is here for you! Click here for Virtual or In-person Appointments.