https://itss.untsystem.edu/divisions/mrs/policies/linking-notice
Skip to main content
About Us Executive Team
Strategic Plan
Working in ITSS
Employee Action Group
Governance
Divisions CIO
Enterprise Technology Services
Enterprise Applications
Management and Risk Services
IT Business Services
Our Customers
Helpdesks UNT
UNT Dallas
UNT HSC
Service Catalog
Search form
Search
Home
Divisions
Management and Risk Services
IT Compliance Standards
Linking Notice
Management and Risk Services
Information Security
IT Vendor Compliance
IT Professional Development & Training LinkedIn Learning
LinkedIn Learning FAQ
Security Training
IT Policies
IT Accessibility
IT Compliance Standards IT Standards
Hardware Standards
Linking Notice
Privacy Statement
Electronic Information Resource Accessibility Tools and Resources
Linking Notice
The State of Texas maintains a linking policy governing the use of, copying information from, or linking to a state website. UNT, UNTS, and UNTD abide by the terms of the state policy and expects visitors to UNT component websites to do the same.
State Website Linking and Privacy Policy
Linking to UNT, UNTS, and UNTD Sites
Advance permission is not required to link to a UNT institutional website. The link should be the full URL and not abbreviated. URLs on UNT institutional sites may change. It is the responsibility of the owner of the website linking to the site to update the link as needed. Owners of websites linking to UNT institutional sites may not attempt to present UNT content as though it were their own. Websites linking to UNT institutional sites should not duplicate content owned by the institution, but instead should refer the reader to the original via a link. Content on UNT institutional websites may be protected by trademark and copyright laws and may be used only as permitted by laws governing intellectual property.
Linking from UNT, UNTS, and UNTD Sites
UNT institutions have a decentralized website creation and maintenance structure. The owner of each departmental or organizational website includes links at his or her discretion that are deemed to be relevant to the viewers of that website. Links do not constitute endorsement by any UNT institution.
Related UNT Policies
UNT Copyright Compliance Policy
UNT Intellectual Property Policy
UNT Web Publishing Policy
Questions or comments about this privacy statement may be sent to
itcompliance@untsystem.edu