https://kidzonemuseum.org/policies/
Skip to content
Policies
PoliciesRenee Deinken2019-08-22T10:03:58-07:00
KidZone Museum Nondiscrimination Policy
The KidZone Museum is committed to providing an environment free from harassment or discrimination in the treatment of individuals with respect to employment, and admission or access to Museum facilities, programs or activities, and therefore does not permit harassment or discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, age, disability, marital status, partnership status, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, pregnancy, alienage or citizenship status, current or former participation in the uniformed services, status as a veteran, or national or ethnic origin, or on account of any other basis prohibited by applicable City, State, or Federal law.
KidZone Museum Privacy Policy
Effective date: August 22, 2019
KidZone Museum (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://kidzonemuseum.org website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Types of Data Collected
Email Address
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address collected by user signing up for our email newsletters
Cookies and Usage Data for analytics tracking purposes
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Personal information such as names and phone numbers are not collected.
Use of Data
KidZone Museum uses the collected data for various purposes:
Email marketing for those who have opted in via our website
Analytics to help understand how to improve our user experience
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web traffic analysis tool.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@kidzonemuseum.org
X
The KidZone Museum is closed until further notice. Learn more about the closure.  View our resource list for families.
Go to Top