https://kolbe.org/about-us/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Kolbe Academy
COVID-19 NOTICE - DELAYS POSSIBLE
Due to very high demand for our educational products and services, we are experiencing delays in our supply chain resulting in delays in our normal delivery times.
We are happy that you have chosen Kolbe Academy and appreciate your patience as we do our very best to accommodate all of our valued families and students in these challenging conditions.
Online courses are now closed to newly enrolling students. Our homeschool and self-paced programs continue to accept enrollments. May His peace be each of ours today!
Parent Portal Help Center
About Us
About Kolbe Academy
Why Choose Kolbe Academy?
Philosophy
Philosophy by Subject
Careers
Contact Us
Donate
Academics
Courses & Curriculum
Diploma Programs
College Planning
Courses
Homeschool Courses
Online Courses
Self-Paced Courses
Admissions
Admissions Events
Enrollment Options
Tuition
Enroll Today
Academic Services
Book Store
Place an Order
Bookstore Returns
Repurchase Program
Course Plan Resale Policy
Testing
Terra Nova
Grade Level Assessment Tests
Subject Placement Tests
Blog
Contact Us
Home > About Us > About Kolbe Academy > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kolbe Academy (Kolbe) is dedicated to protecting your privacy when you visit our websites. This privacy policy outlines how we collect information when you visit one of our sites, how we use that information, and how you can update it.
Information We Collect
We collect various types of information from our website visitors so that we can best structure and tailor our websites to meet our users’ needs and expectations. Some of this information is collected automatically and other information is provided by site users.
Information We Collect Automatically
We collect the limited information browsers makes available when users visit websites. This information, which helps us assess the effectiveness of our websites, includes:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
The browser type (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, etc.)
Your computer’s operating system (Windows, Macintosh, etc.)
Your Internet domain (Yahoo, Google, etc.)
URLs of the websites from which you come to our websites
The pages on our website that you visit
Your country, territory, or region
In some instances, our websites use cookies that uniquely identify your browser so that we can provide the most-relevant content to you. While you may disable cookies on your computer, this may result in various functions of the websites not working correctly for you.
Information You Provide
You provide information to Kolbe when you fill out online forms on our websites or use a service or portion of a site that requires login. Depending on the type of the service, we use your information in different ways as outlined below:
Inquiry and Registration Forms
Your contact information (phone, mailing address, and/or email) is used to contact you to provide information about the program, including sales of additional materials and/or courses. If you do not wish to provide your contact information online, you can call us and request that information be sent through the mail.
Purchasing Materials
Your contact information is used to send merchandise to you, and to provide information if necessary.  Your financial information is used for billing. If you do not wish to provide your contact or financial information online, you may call Kolbe to place an order.
Login Sites and Services
Various websites and web services of Kolbe Academy require users to log in to gain access to information and tools reserved for students, faculty and staff.
Security Measures
Our websites have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. We utilize industry-standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information during the online ordering process, as well as whenever we ask you to log in to any of your Kolbe online accounts.
Your Privacy
Kolbe Academy does not share your personal information with any outside organizations. Kolbe will abide by all applicable laws governing the release of personal information.
COPPA Notice
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA, applies to the collection of personal information from children under 13. Kolbe offers programs for students in grades K-12. Kolbe requires parents to fill out the forms for their children under the age of 13, which includes personal identifying information. Kolbe realizes that children may occasionally fill out and submit these forms. Parents may ask to have the child’s personal identifying information deleted by using the contact information below.
Website operator:
Kolbe Academy
1600 F Street
Napa, CA  94559
707-255-6499
info@kolbe.org
How We Use This Information
Kolbe uses information collected automatically to better understand the needs of website visitors so that we may improve our websites and services. Information you provide may be used by for Kolbe’s internal marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails or phone calls, you may use the opt-out feature on our emails or call Kolbe at 707-255-6499.
How to Update Your Information
If you would like to change/modify any of the information you have previously provided to Kolbe, please call 707-255-6499 or email homeinfo@kolbe.org.
Changes to This Policy
Kolbe reserves the right to append or otherwise modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Notification of all changes will be made on this page. Each version of the Privacy Policy will be dated at the bottom of the page.
Updated July 22, 2016
About Kolbe AcademyOur HistoryOur Mission & VisionMeet the StaffOur InstructorsBoard of AdvisorsPrivacy PolicyWhy Choose Kolbe Academy?PhilosophyPhilosophy by SubjectCareersContact UsDonate
CONNECT
Kolbe Academy
1600 F Street
Napa, CA 94559
707-255-6499
Fax: 707-255-1581
homeinfo@kolbe.org
About Us
Academics
Courses
Admissions
Book Store
Testing
Blog
Contact Us
Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRefusePrivacy policy