http://lanecc.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to Navigation
Skip to main content
Apply Now!
myLane
Moodle
Calendars
Class Schedule
College CatalogCollege Catalog Information
Career Technical Programs
Degrees and Certificates
College-Level Examination Program and Advanced Placement
Bienvenidos
Foundation
International Students
Library
Future Students
Current Students
Community
Employees
Privacy Statement
Web Privacy at Lane Community CollegeLane Community College is committed to preserving and maintaining
your privacy while visiting our websites. By visiting any of the
following websites, you are accepting the practices described in
this document:
www.lanecc.edu
directory.lanecc.edu
Information GatheredIn order to help diagnose problems with our servers and websites,
when you visit one of our pages, we log:
your Internet Protocol (IP) address
the page you requested
the page that referred you to the requested page
your browser user agent (which contains information about the
browser and operating system versions you are using)
information about the size of your request, if your request
was successful, and what time you made the request
We do not link your computer IP address to anything personally
identifiable. This means that user sessions may be tracked, but
the users will remain anonymous (except when the user has logged
into the site).
If you log into one of the listed sites, we also set an
authentication cookie. This cookie contains identifying
information which allows us to maintain your session with the
site.
Some of our sites use Google Analytics to monitor traffic. Google
Analytics uses cookies, stored on your computer and sent to
Google, to help us analyze how visitors use our site so we can
improve its usefulness. We do not have direct access to
information stored in these cookies, and can only look at
aggregated reports of activity, which contain no specific
information that can be linked to an individual. These reports
may include information about visitor location, age, gender,
frequency of link clicks, time on page, among many other items.
We have also enabled Google Analytics Demographics and Interest
Reporting.
You can control your cookie preferences, including options to
refuse cookies, from within your browser settings. Additionally,
Google Analytics provides an opt-out browser
plugin you can use to opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
Other information is collected only if you choose to send it. For
example you may complete an online form, leave a blog comment, or
send an email.
Online advertisingWe may use third party vendors to advtise services provided by
Lane Community College online. These vendors, including search
engines (like Google), social networks (like Facebook), and
others, may show ads on our behalf through their platforms across
the Internet. These services use cookies to tailor ads to your
interests, based on websites you have visited (including this
one). You can opt out of many of these cookies by visiting the
Network
Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Use and Disclosure of Collected InformationAs noted above, Lane Community College uses the information we
collect to tailor site content to user needs, to generate
aggregate statistical reports, to help diagnose problems, and
otherwise to administer our web sites. At no time do we disclose
personally identifiable site usage, except:
when required to do so by law. When possible, we will attempt
to notify you before disclosure, except when prohibited by court
order,
to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person; to
address fraud, security, or spam; or to protect our rights or
property,
due to emergency circumstances.
ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or the
websites listed at the top, you can contact:
Lane Community College Webmaster webmaster@lanecc.edu
Information Technology
4000 E. 30th Avenue
Eugene, OR 97405
Changes to this StatementAny non-typographic changes to this policy will be highlighted
either through an announcement on our home page at www.lanecc.edu or
through an updated note next to the link on the Lane home page in
the week following the change. For example:
Privacy (updated 1/1/15)
Effective DateThis policy is effective beginning April 13th, 2015.