http://learn.utoronto.ca/terms
Skip to main content
View your wishlist
Share on Facebook
Tweet
Share on LinkedIn
Send email
Print Page
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
LAST UPDATED: November 22, 2018
Agreement Between User and the University of Toronto School of Continuing Studies (“SCS”)
SCS owns and operates this website (the “Website”). Please read these terms carefully before accessing or participating in any chatroom, bulletin board, Website transaction or other on-line forum available on the Website. By accessing, browsing, subscribing to, or otherwise using the Website, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions in this agreement (the “Agreement”), as amended from time to time. If you do not agree, you may not use this Website.
CONTENT. All content, including logos and marks displayed on the Website are owned by SCS, its licensors, or the party accredited as owner, and is protected by copyright, trade-mark and intellectual property laws. Except for your use as authorized in this Agreement, no part of this Website may be reproduced, modified, distributed, sold, published, broadcast, retransmitted without prior written consent of SCS.
YOUR ACCOUNT. You may be issued a user name and password (collectively, your “Account”) in order to access certain sections of the Website and/or to order certain SCS products, including but not limited to registering and paying for SCS courses. To create your Account, you agree (i) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (ii) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account, and for all activities that occur through the use of your Account. You agree to: (a) immediately notify SCS of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security (b) ensure that you exit from your Account at the end of each session. SCS is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
RESTRICTIONS OF USE. You shall not post, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications, content or materials that (i) contain corrupted files, viruses, or any other similar software files, the intent of which is to damage the operation of another’s computer; (ii) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, hateful, profane, indecent, racially or ethnically derogatory, or otherwise objectionable;(iii) contain chain letters or pyramid schemes; (iv) contain any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation to other users, impersonate any person, business or entity; otherwise violate any law; or in doing so, amounts to any conduct that, in the judgment of SCS, restricts, impairs, interferes or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Website and/or our related services and products. POSTING ON THE WEBSITE. The Website may include unmoderated forums containing personal opinions and other expressions of the persons who post entries on a wide rage of topics. All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics and other information (other than your personal information) communicated through this Website by you will forever be the property of SCS unless otherwise noted. You are responsible for all material you submit to this Website, and you, not SCS, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright. SCS does not review every submission posted by users and is not responsible for, nor does it endorse, such submissions. You acknowledge that any submissions may be edited, removed, modified, published, transmitted, and displayed by SCS or the administrators of the Website, in their sole discretion.
FEEDBACK. You can submit feedback to us at the email address listed in the “Contact Us” section below. When you submit your feedback, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferable license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, and otherwise exploit the feedback for any purpose without restriction or compensation to you.
PRIVACY. Your personal information will only be used for SCS’s internal purposes, for the purposes for which it was collected, and for purposes to which you have given your consent. SCS’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information is governed by its Privacy Policy, which is incorporated to this Agreement by reference.
COOKIES. Cookies are used to track how our visitors use the Website, to determine sites previously visited or to facilitate the use of portions of this Website. A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server to monitor your use of that website. SCS may use cookies, including presentation and function cookies, for the following reasons: (i) monitor the Website usage and improve the performance of the Website; for example, cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized content such as your font text size preference or other preferences; (ii) save passwords and/or preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit the Website (iii) compile user traffic and demographic statistics related to the Website. This information helps SCS to better understand when to update, change or offer new navigation or content on the Website. The cookies we use do not allow us to identify individuals. They are used to save preferences, to compile statistical information and to assess and improve the efficiency of the Website.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS. SCS uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., to measure traffic patterns to, from, and within the Website. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how users use the Website. Google Analytics uses "session" and "persistent" cookies to collect standard log information and to track visitor behaviour information, in an anonymous form, and compile statistical reports on site activity. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google servers outside Canada. No personally identifiable information is recorded or provided to Google. SCS uses the statistical reports generated by Google Analytics to help us make the Website more useful to visitors. If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, external link
REMARKETING. As part of our marketing strategy, we use an advertising practice called remarketing, which allows us to advertise to users who have visited our Website before continuing on to other areas of the Internet. Third-party vendors, may show our ads on other sites and may use cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies to collect or receive information. This information may be used to provide measurement services and to target and serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our Website.
You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, external link.
You may opt out of Facebook's use of information for ad targeting by adjusting your Facebook ads preferences, external link.
You may also opt out of third-party vendors’ use of cookies and other storage technologies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out, external link and Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice, external link tools.
LINKED SITES. SCS shall have no responsibility or liability to you in connection with third party websites accessible by links posted on the Website (“Linked Sites”). Access to Linked Sites is at your own risk and SCS is not responsible for the availability, accuracy, or reliability of the contents of any Linked Site or any link posted on a Linked Site. SCS provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the Linked Site.
TERMINATION. SCS may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website any reason, including, without limitation, your breach of the Agreement or transmission of any unsolicited advertising materials.
DISCLAIMER. The Website is provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or third party rights and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties that access to the Website is uninterrupted or error-free, that the Website is secure or free of viruses or other harmful material, or that information on the Site is complete, accurate or timely. Any information sent or received over the internet is generally not secure. SCS does not guarantee the security of any communication to or from the Website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. SCS, The Governing Council of the University of Toronto, its employees and agents are not liable to you for any damages, harm or injury whatsoever including without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, lost profits, damages resulting from lost data or business interruption, arising from or relating to the use of or inability to use the Website.
INDEMNIFICATION. You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless SCS, The Governing Council of the University of Toronto, its officers, employees and agents from and against any claim or demand made by an third party, and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to your browsing or use of the Website, content that you transmit to the Website, or your breach of any of this Agreement.
GENERAL. If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful by a court of law, such determination will not affect the remaining provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and SCS in connection with your use of the Website. Your use of the Website shall not to create any agency, joint venture, or other legal relationship of any kind between you and SCS other than that of independent contractors. The Agreement is binding on you, your heirs, excecutors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns.
UPDATES AND AMENDMENTS. SCS reserves the right to change, modify, or amend this Agreement, or add or remove portions of the Website and any SCS Products at any time, and your continued use of the Website, SCS Products, and SCS Services means that you agree to be bound by such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Agreement.
JURISDICTION. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and these laws apply to the use of the Website. You hereby attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario and all courts competent to hear appeals therefrom.
CONTACT US. If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us at learn@utoronto.ca or by phone at 416-978-2400. If you send us an email regarding the Website, we may send you a link to our on-line user satisfaction survey. Participation in the survey is voluntary and information you provide will be subject to our privacy policy. We use your feedback to improve our Website. You are under no obligation to take the survey or provide feedback.
U of T Home
Current Instructors
Policies and Guidelines
Help and Information
Programs and Courses
Unique Programs @UofTSCS
Micro Courses
Passing the CFA® Exams
Passing the Canadian Securities Course®
Professional Edge Program
SCS Boot Camps
Skill Builder Courses
Arts and Humanities
Health, Environment, and Science
History
Life and Leisure
Literature
Music
Philosophy and Law
Religion
University Lecture Series
Visual Art and Architecture
Business, Finance, and Management
Accounting
Business Analysis
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Innovation
Law
Leadership
Management
Occupational Health and Safety
Process Improvement
Project Management
Risk
Test Preparation
Career Development and Communication Skills
Career Development
Workplace Communications
Health and Social Sciences
Human Services and Social Work
Medical Sciences
Mindfulness
Pharmacy
Continuous Professional Development
International Pharmacy Graduate Program
Information, Technology, Environment, and Engineering
Building Science and Architecture
Engineering and Applied Science
Environment and Sustainability
Information Management
Information Technology (IT)
Creative Writing
Creative Non-Fiction
Escritura Creativa en Español
Literary Fiction
Multi-genre
Poetry and Songwriting
Popular Fiction
Stage and Screenwriting
U of T Summer Writing School
UTM Summer Writing School
Writing for Children
Learning Design
Marketing and Communications
Marketing
Communications
Public Relations
Languages and Translation
Language Learning
Arabic
Bengali
Cantonese
Dutch
Farsi
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latin
Mandarin
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Tamil
Turkish
Vietnamese
Private and Semi-Private Language Instruction
Translation
Arabic Translation
Spanish Translation
Portuguese Translation
Japanese Translation
French Translation
Chinese Translation
Korean Translation
Business English for International Professionals
Partnerships with Associations and Certifying Bodies
Corporate and Organizational Training
U of T Partnerships
Why Continuing Studies?
About SCS
Our School
Our Mission
Our Learners
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Our History
Our Team
Leadership Team
Academic Leadership
Our Instructors
Teach with us
Instructor Awards and Recognition
Instructor Biographies
Financial Assistance
Media Inquiries
News and Announcements
COVID-19 Updates
English Language Program
Comparative Education Service