https://learningforward.org/terms-use-privacy-policies/
Menu
Become a member today!
Log In
Career Center
About
Board of Trustees
Vision, Mission, and Beliefs
Partners
Professional Learning Definition
International Advisors
Affiliates
Foundation
Our Impact
Announcements
Contact us
Staff
Advocacy
Standards
Overview
Learning Communities
Leadership
Resources
Data
Learning Designs
Implementation
Outcomes
Standards Assessment Inventory
Resources
The Learning Professional
Webinars
Research & reports
Blog
Newsletter Archive
Tools for Learning Schools
Toolkits
Beyond PD
Implementing Student Standards
The Principal Story Learning Guide
Services
What we offer
Our consultants
Assess your learning
Contact us
Programs
Academy
Annual Conference
Awards
Calendar
Networks
Bookstore
Shop now
Journal Issues
Online course
Digital Downloads
Join
Terms of Use Policy
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Site Use and Restrictions
Permission is granted to access this web site and available documents and materials within it for non-commercial use only. Under this agreement, the user will not:
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial) unless otherwise permitted by Learning Forward;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Learning Forward's web site;
access any systems or servers on which the site is hosted;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
use the site or the materials within it to abuse, harass or otherwise violate the rights of any other person, or publish or display any obscene, violent, or unlawful content;
This agreement shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Learning Forward at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Copyright
Unless otherwise noted, all content within this site is the sole property of Learning Forward and is protected by patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws. Written consent from Learning Forward is required if content is to be used outside of the restrictions included in this Terms of Use policy. The user agrees to adhere to all patent, trademark, copyright and other proprietary notices on the Content.
Users of this Site are expected to honor the intellectual property rights of others. Learning Forward will remove material that violates or appears to violate intellectual property rights. If you believe a work protected by a U.S. copyright you own has been posted on this Site without authorization, contact Learning Forward at 504 South Locust Street, Oxford, OH, 45056.
4. Disclaimer
The materials on Learning Forward's web site are provided "as is." Learning Forward makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Learning Forward does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
5. Limitations
In no event shall Learning Forward or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Learning Forward's Internet site, even if Learning Forward or a Learning Forward authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
6. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Learning Forward's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Learning Forward does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Learning Forward may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Learning Forward does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
7. Links
Learning Forward has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Learning Forward of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Learning Forward may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
9. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Learning Forward's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
10. Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
11. Cookies
Learning Forward collects cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and Learning Forward uses this information only internally - to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. Learning Forward does not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. Learning Forward never gives away information about our users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, Learning Forward will use this information only to respond to your inquiry. Learning Forward will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific Learning Forward product or service.
Learning Forward uses analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page. Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
Learning Forward uses Facebook’s remarketing pixel to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Website visitors can opt-out of facebook remarketing by visiting https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
Learning Forward uses NextRoll for some online marketing activities. If you would like to learn more about NextRoll and the California Consumer Privacy Act, please click here. You can opt out of cookie remarketing at any time by the following link: Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
About
Our MissionWho We AreAdvocacy & PolicyBoard of TrusteesPartnersAffiliatesFoundationOur ImpactContact UsStaffStandards
OverviewLearning CommunitiesLeadershipResourcesDataLearning DesignsImplementationOutcomesStandards Assessment InventoryServices
What We OfferOur ConsultantsAssess Your LearningNeed Consulting?Resources
The Learning ProfessionalWebinarsResearch & ReportsBlogNewsletter ArchiveTools for Learning SchoolsAll ResourcesBookstore
Shop NowJournal IssuesOnline CoursesDigital Downloads