https://lib.trinity.edu/privacy-policy/
About
Staff Directory Librarians Facts and Figures Instruction Library Collections Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Statement Library Mural Art in the Library Hours Jobs Visit Us Contact Us
Using the Library
For Students For Faculty Borrower Guidelines Digital Commons Interlibrary Loan Guidelines Portal for Research Instruction Renewals Reserve Guidelines Study Rooms Reservations Videos Virtual Digital Scholarship Center
Special Collections
Archival Collections Digital Collections Exhibits Trinity University Publications Trinity Web Archives Policies and Procedures
Research Tools
Databases Books & Media Journals LibGuides InterLibrary Loan Find a Liaison Librarian FAQs
Blog Login
Search Site
Today's Hours: ... | Hours
Privacy Policy
The Coates Library at Trinity University recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of the information you share with us when you use our websites or other library services.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information does the library collect through its websites or internet services?
Website
What we collect:
When you use this website, the Coates Library’s web server collects technical information from your web browser, including:
browser type
internet address
operating system type
web address of the page from which you linked to our site
information related to tracking web browser through the use of cookies.
How we use it:
improve the usability of our website
technical troubleshooting
tracking aggregate statistical trends
Email, chat or web form communication
What we collect:
Depending on the method of communication, information we collect may include your name, email address, the IP address from the computer where you sent the communication, your phone number, the content of your message and/or attachments.
How we use it:
This information is necessary for us to have reciprocal communication with you. We will only use this information in support of the purpose for which you submitted it and will not combine your personal information with the other types of information we collect.
Surveys/user feedback
What we collect:
Coates Library may collect information from our users who voluntarily participate in interviews or surveys we conduct as we assess the quality of our operations. We strive to collect this information as anonymous input, but occasionally we may receive feedback via email or web services that can include email addresses or web-related data such as IP addresses.
How we use it:
This information is used for assessment and improvement of Coates Library’s facilities, materials, or services. This information is anonymized and aggregated to the extent possible and is retained solely for the purposes of compiling internal assessments.
When does the library collect information?
We collect information from you when you use live chat, fill out a form, respond to a survey, or enter information on our site.
How does the library protect my information?
In most cases transactions on our website occur using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer protocol) connection. This provides increased security to the information as it is transmitted. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
The security of your Personal Identifiable Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Does the library use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies, for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on the website.
Can cookies and other tracking technologies be disabled?
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
Is my personal information secure with third-party tools?
Our website contains links to websites and licensed databases that we do not maintain or support. We also use third-party tools for some library services (such as online chatting with a librarian).
The Coates Library is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third parties.
We encourage you to read the policies associated with these third-party tools before using them.
How do I find out about changes to this Privacy Policy?
This privacy policy will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy at any time and you should check this privacy policy periodically. Your continued use of this website and internet services after we post any modifications to the privacy policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified privacy policy.
How can I get more information about this policy?
If you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please contact us at asklib@trinity.edu.
Is there any other information I need to know?
The Coates Library also adheres to the Trinity University Internet Privacy Policy published by Information Technology Services.
The American Library Association provides information about the privacy and confidentiality principles supported by the library profession.
Comments are closed.