http://libguides.uams.edu/library-policies/after-hours
Skip to main content
It looks like you're using Internet Explorer 11 or older. This website works best with modern browsers such as the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge. If you continue with this browser, you may see unexpected results.
Enter search textAll of UAMSAll the UAMS
Skip to main content
UAMS Library
All Web Pages
Library Policies
After-Hours Access
Search this Guide
Library Policies
Library Policies
Toggle Dropdown
Library Use and Conduct
Disruptive Behavior and Excessive Noise
Study Areas
Children in the Library
Food or Drink in the Library
Personal Property
Library Computers and Computer Use
After-Hours Access
Fines on Overdue Materials
Privacy, Content, and Liability Disclaimer
Gifts and Donations
After-Hours Study Access for UAMS Students and Residents
Students and Residents have access to the 1st floor After Hours of the Library. The area is monitored by security cameras and panic alarms are placed throughout to be used to notify the UAMS Police in an emergency.
Due to COVID-19 precautions on campus, students and residents must first enter campus through a screening station.
The ED II Screening station is closed evenings, weekends, and holidays.
Enter the Parking 2 Level G Screening station , proceed to the ED II Building and take the stairs or elevator to reach the 1st floor Lobby between the ED II and Rahn Buildings to enter Library 24/7 card-swipe door.
If a badge does not open the door call the UAMS Police (686-7777) for immediate entry with proper identification
Safety and Security for the After-hours areas:
Maintaining the safety of students and residents using the after-hours study space is our highest priority.  Therefore, it is vital and imperative that everyone follow these important guidelines:
Everyone must:
swipe their current and valid UAMS ID badge at the Circulation Desk to remain in the after-hours areas at Library closing
swipe their current and valid UAMS ID badge as they enter the area from the North Lobby and shut the door behind themselves immediately
take their badges with them to the restroom (or any time that they leave the area) as they will need to swipe them to get back in (there are restrooms in the ED II North Lobby on the 1st floor)
watch out for their own property
use the panic buttons to summon immediate police response if necessary
For safety reasons, do not:
open the door from inside the room to let anyone in
bring guests, friends, family members into the study area
hold the door open for others to enter behind you---each person must swipe in to enter the room
prop the door open (the Police Dept. is notified and will respond if the door is open for more than 30 seconds)
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Safety of all who use the after hours areas is our paramount concern. Failing to follow these safety points jeopardizes the safety of everyone in the after-hours areas.  Students and residents failing to follow these guidelines will be reported to college deans. Individuals who are not current and active UAMS students or residents are not permitted to be in the after-hours area when the Library is closed.  This includes family members, spouses, children, and/or friends.  There are no exceptions.
<< Previous: Library Computers and Computer UseNext: Fines on Overdue Materials >>
: Nov 23, 2020 11:03 AM
URL: https://libguides.uams.edu/library-policies
Print Page
Login to LibApps
Tags:
cell phone use in the library, children in the library, computer use policies, fines and overdues, library conduct, library policies, privacy disclaimer
Page Title
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences
Connect with us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Disclaimer
Jobs
Copyright Statement
Privacy
Terms
© 2017 University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences
|
Little Rock, AR