https://library.chethams.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Help support us. Choose your gift:
£10
£20
£30
Donate £
Clear Donation
Your donation has been added to your basket! Thanks!
Sorry, there was an error. Please reload the page and try again.
Chetham's Library
Chetham's School of MusicChetham's LibraryThe Stoller Hall
My account
Basket ()
Search
From Home
The Manchester Scrapbook
Thomas Barritt of Manchester
Digitised Manuscripts
The Flowers of Histories
About
Volunteering
What we do
Ballad of Chetham’s Library
Hulme Trust Archive
Booth Charities Salford project
History
Humphrey Chetham
The Creation of the Library
Chetham’s Parish Libraries
The Medieval Buildings
Contact us
Vacancies
Visiting
Booking for Library Tours
Booking Chetham’s events
What’s On
Catalogues
Books and printed items
Archives and manuscripts
Collections
Digital Resources
Art Treasures Examiner of 1857
Manchester Association for Constitutional Order
The North Western Museum of Science and Industry: Some Reminiscences by Richard Hills
Criminal Manchester
The Cup of Destiny
Athenaeum Souvenir
Middle English Manuscripts
Manchester and Liverpool of Today
Hollingworth’s Mancuniensis
Memoir of Cecil Wray
William Seward’s Diary
The Anti-Monopolist
Fishwick’s History of Rochdale
Knyvett’s Defence of this Realm
Tractatus de Nigromantia
Axon Ballads
Belle Vue
Prints and Photographs
William Hogarth
Phelps Collection
Asheton Tonge Collection
Political Cartoons
101 Treasures of Chetham’s
Printed Books & Ephemera
Incline Press Collection
John Byrom Collection
Halliwell-Phillipps Collection
Map Collection
Scrapbooks
Shorthand Books
Tracts & Pamphlets
Donated Collections
Archives & Manuscripts
Medieval Manuscripts
Antiquarian Collections
Ecclesiastical History
Literary History
Social and Economic History
Deeds and Family Papers
Blog
Support us
Covid-19 Appeal
Make a Donation
Humphrey Chetham Membership
Legacies
Thank You
From Home
About
Visiting
What’s On
Catalogues
Collections
Blog
Support us
My account
Basket ()
Chetham's School of MusicChetham's LibraryThe Stoller Hall
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Chetham’s (comprising The Stoller Hall, Chetham’s School of Music and Chetham’s Library) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring all of your personal information is safe and secure. This privacy policy outlines how we will use, maintain and disclose data collected from users of our website.
Your data
Our online Box Office and donations system is managed using Spektrix, and payments are processed through Sage Pay. All orders – including those made by telephone or in person – will be processed through these systems. You have the right to opt out of any communications, or to ask that your details be removed from any or all of our databases, at any time – please click the link in any email, call us, or email boxoffice@chethams.com to update your preferences.
View Spektrix’s privacy policy
Sage Pay is a payment service provider trusted by thousands of businesses. All transaction information passed to SagePay is encrypted using 128-bit SSL certificates, and all sensitive data is secured using internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards. Sage Pay’s systems are assessed quarterly by Trustwave and audited annually under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and is a fully approved Level 1 payment services provider, the highest level of compliance.
View Sage Pay’s privacy policy
If you sign up to our email list, your details will also be held on DotDigital which is integrated with the Spektrix system.
View DotDigital’s privacy policy
Data entered into SagePay or DotDigital may be stored on servers based outside the UK, including the EEA and USA, but in both cases all applicable protections are applied to cross-border transfers.
Many artists who perform at The Stoller Hall also play at other venues in Manchester and further afield. If you give permission for your data to be shared with the artists or promoters of events which you attend, then we may pass your contact details to those artists or organisations. We will never sell any part of your data, nor share it with any artist or promoter whose events you haven’t attended. We may, from time to time, contact you ourselves to let you know about events by other promoters which we think you might enjoy.
When you give us permission to share your data with another artist or promoter, your details will be passed by us, securely, to that promoter once only. Should you withdraw your permission after that data has been passed on (which will always be within one month of the event in question), you may also need to contact the artist or promoter to change your preferences within their database.
We will never share data with an artist or promoter who has not shown us a satisfactory policy for the protection of audience data, or with whom we have not entered into a formal data sharing agreement.
Promoters, Artists and Clients
When you make an enquiry about hiring any part of Chetham’s for a concert, conference or other promotion, or when you are employed by Chetham’s to give a performance or presentation, your details may be stored on the Artifax diary system and/or on documents in a secured area of our Sharepoint document library.
View Artifax’s privacy policy
The information we collect
We may collect, store and use the following types of personal data:
– Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. This information does not identify any individual user.
– Details of any transactions you have made when booking tickets.
– Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us.
– Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.
– Information about your time at Chetham’s School of Music and your career since leaving the school (alumni only).
– Current interests and preferences.
– Any other information that you choose to send to us.
We also use network monitoring software and CCTV systems for the safeguarding of the public, students and staff and for general monitoring of security prevention, investigations and detection of crime, the apprehension and prosecution of offenders. CCTV recordings may be disclosed to third parties such as the police where there is a legal interest in that disclosure.
How we will store your information
When you subscribe to our mailing list via the contact forms on our websites, the details you provide will be stored on DotDigital.
When you purchase tickets online, or make an online donation, your details will be stored on our Box Office server, Spektrix, and on DotDigital.
If you make an enquiry about hiring any of our venues, your details will be stored on Artifax and our secure document library.
If you consent to receive postal mailings, your address may be shared with a bulk mailing firm. This will be shared only after we have seen a suitable privacy policy from that company, and the company will be asked to delete all data not more than three months after any mailing is sent.
Each of these three systems has been selected by Chetham’s for the level of security it provides for customers’ data. Access to these systems is limited to those with specific work-related reasons to use that data, all of whom hold full DBS disclosures. Data may also be accessed by employees of Spektrix and DotDigital.
We do not store any payment details such as credit card numbers on our systems, although you may choose to save these directly with SagePay.
If you prefer your details not to be stored on any of our systems, you are always welcome to purchase tickets at the Box Office counter or to make cash donations using the collection box in the Atrium. Please note that if you choose not to provide any contact information when making a purchase, we will be unable to contact you with any information relating to that event which may include concert delay or cancellation, transport issues or artistic changes.
We will retain your details on Spektrix for seven years after your last financial transaction with us, or three years after your last engagement (ie clicking a link in an email communication), whichever is the longer. Donor information will be stored in perpetuity on Spektrix to inform us of past relationships and to improve our future fundraising practices. We will only contact you with further fundraising-related information up to three years after your last engagement. If you have worked with us as a promoter or client, your details will be stored for seven years since your last enquiry.  Beyond this retention period, your data will be securely archived whilst Chetham’s cooperates with a national investigation by the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA). At the completion of this inquiry, or when legal instructions to Chetham’s about the storage of data are amended, all archived data will be permanently deleted.
How we will use this information
We will send marketing communications to you based on the preferences you have indicated to us through the registration process, and on your booking history. If you have elected not to receive marketing communications from us, we may still contact you about your booking or with information relevant to the event you are attending, such as information about transport issues, artistic changes or a concert cancellation; and about your account with us, such as changes to this privacy notice.
We may also use aggregated data to help inform our future programming and marketing campaigns, for example, by comparing the postcodes of audience members or by evaluating how customers reach our website. Individual users will not be identified in these cases.
We will also use your data to assess your capacity to support Chetham’s. We may utilise tools and resources to help us better understand our stakeholders, staff, and alumni and gather information from publicly available resources (e.g. the electoral register, press, the charity register) in order to tailor our communications. We will also use these resources to collect data on prospective supporters of Chetham’s and may send event invitations to those we feel will have an interest in our work, using the lawful basis of legitimate interest. This information will be securely stored on our Spektrix database. We will continue to invite prospective supporters for up to three years after their previous engagement, and details will be stored on our system for up to seven years, to enable us to track our relationship. To further our understanding of the capacity of our stakeholders to support Chetham’s, we may also use third party suppliers, such as wealth screening companies.  We will ensure all suppliers we work with are compliant and your data is secure.
If you donate to one of Chetham’s giving schemes – eg Friends of Chetham’s, Patrons of Chetham’s Library, Humphrey Chetham Club, The Stoller Hall Members, Name a Seat, or Adopt a Chair, or other such scheme – and have not given consent to be contacted, we will use the lawful basis of legitimate interest to contact you. These communications will relate to the relevant scheme you donate to and may include newsletters, invitations and other relevant information. We will continue to contact donors up to three years after your last donation, unless there is reason to continue to do so. You can choose to stop receiving these communications at any time.
If you choose to share your data with artists or promoters of events you attend, we will share it with those artists and promoters only. We will never share your data with other promoters or external organisations. We will share your data only with your permission and only with artists or promoters who are, or who have previously been, listed in our public event listings.
We will never share individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. We will never sell or rent personal information.
If you no longer wish for us to use your information in this, or any part of this, way, you may unsubscribe at any time or contact us to request the removal of your details from our lists. If you have made a financial transaction with us within seven years, we are obliged to retain certain details relating to that transaction for our financial reporting; we will, however, delete all possible information, ensure your removal from all communications, and delete your entire account when the required period has elapsed.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Cookies are necessary to the process of booking your tickets through our website, using the Spektrix system, however they are only temporary. Other temporary cookies present on our website are there to ensure that website content is displayed correctly, and will disappear when your user session has ended. We cannot be responsible for cookies relating to third-party features such as Facebook, Twitter, Google etc.
We may use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information.
View Google’s privacy policy
Disclosure of information
The transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We will do our utmost to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to this site and any transmission is at your own risk. Please be aware that Chetham’s may be obliged to give information to the relevant authorities if required to by law, in which case we will comply with judicial proceedings.
You have a legal right to request access to any and all data we hold under your account at any time.  If you wish to make such a request, please contact us in writing using our online Contact Form, selecting the option ‘Box Office enquiries’, or by post to the address shown on our website.
Unsubscribing
If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our emails, or to change and update your personal information, please contact us using the details above, or by emailing boxoffice@stollerhall.com.
Privacy policy amends
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page regularly to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
How to contact us
You may make a change to how we use your data by in writing or verbally; for example, updating mailing preferences or contact information.
To request access to the data we hold on your account, or to ask us to remove your account entirely, please contact us in writing by email or post using the details below.
We will fulfil any such requests within one calendar month.
Email: boxoffice@chethams.com
Telephone: 0333 130 0967 (2-4pm, Monday to Friday)
Post: Box Office, Chetham’s School of Music, Long Millgate, Manchester M3 1SB
Your right to report concerns
If you require any clarification regarding our data practices, or if you feel we could improve the way we use your data or inform you of how we will use it, please contact us using the details above.
If you feel we have failed in our duty to protect your data or to inform you of how we will use it, you are entitled to express your concerns to an independent body. You can find information on how to express your concerns at the Information Commissioners’ Office, https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Download this policy
Newsletter Sign Up
I would like to receive emails about your latest events, music and news!
First name:
Last name:
Email address:
Must be a valid email address
How would you like us to keep in touch?
< Back
Select all
Chetham's is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Your details will remain confidential and we will only use your data for the purpose for which it was collected. Read our Privacy Policy.
Contact us
Sitemap
A-Z
Privacy policy
© Copyright Chetham's Library
Registered charity no. 526702
Chetham's Library,
Long Millgate,
Manchester M3 1SB
tel. 0161 834 7961
Instagram Facebook Twitter
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more