https://library.salem.edu/policies-procedures/
My Salem
Writing Center
QUEST
Engage
Home
Remote Support
Remote Services & Resources
Course Reserves
Online Chat & Curbside Service Hours
Chronicle of Higher Education
About
Faculty Online Exhibit
Share Your Stories: Impact of COVID-19
News and Events
Philosophy
Archives & Special Collections
Spaces
Library Staff Directory
Policies & Procedures
Research Toolkit
Archives & Special Collections
Borrowing From Other Libraries
Citations
Course Reserves
Databases
Journals
Research Guides
Schedule a Research Appointment
Faculty Resources
Chronicle of Higher Education
Faculty Online Exhibit
Research & Learning Support
Online Teaching Support
Faculty Course Reserves
Tests on Reserve
Purchase Recommendations
Borrowing From Other Libraries
Copyright & Fair Use
Policies & Procedures
Home
/ Policies & Procedures
Table of Contents:
Borrowing Policies & Procedures
Renewals & Overdues
Fines
TALA Direct Borrowing
Interlibrary Loan Policies
Privacy Policy
Gifts Policy
Guest User Policy
Use of the Libraries by Minors
Food & Drink Policy
Borrowing Policies & Procedures
For Salem Students
It is the student’s responsibility to note the library’s operating hours. If the library is closed on the due date, the item should be returned before the due date in order to avoid fines. Please note that some items may have different loan periods (ex: various AV equipment, Interlibrary Loan and TALA materials, etc.).
Books – 30 days
Juvenile books – 14 days
Scores – 14 days
Recordings – 3 days
CDs, DVDs, and VHS tapes – 7 days
Laptops – 7 days
Items on reserve – 3 hours
Headphones and most AV accessories – 3 hours
For Salem Faculty:
Books – End of semester
Scores – 30 days
Recordings – 7 days
Laptops – 7 days
CDs, DVDs, VHS tapes – 7 days
Headphones and most AV accessories – 3 hours
All Borrowers:
A photo ID is required to check out library materials. Current students must present their Salem IDs with barcodes; other library patrons may present a valid state-issued ID card in conjunction with their Salem library borrowing cards.
Items must be checked out before they are removed from the building.
It is the borrower’s responsibility to return items on time. As a courtesy, we make every attempt to print a checkout receipt.
Direct Borrowing from Selected Libraries:
Triad Academic Library Association’s (TALA) agreement allows Salem faculty and students to borrow items directly from participating libraries. For more information, see TALA Access and Use.
Interlibrary Loan is determined by the lending library. For more information, see Borrowing From Other Libraries .
Renewals & Overdues
You can renew Salem materials that are NOT overdue by using the “My Library Account” feature of the library’s website. Login to your account using your MySalem username and password. Books may be renewed as often as necessary unless they have been requested by another borrower. Renewals are also accepted in person at the Circulation Desk or by emailing circ.desk@salem.edu. Contact Interlibrary Loan staff at interlibrary.loan@salem.edu to request renewals for interlibrary loan materials. Overdue items must be brought to the library for renewal.
Fines
There are no fines for overdue books, however, books not returned within 3 weeks of the due date are considered “Lost” and a replacement fee is placed on the borrower’s account. Overdue movies accrue a fine of $1 per day. Course Reserves accrue a fine of $1 per hour (or part thereof). All fines must be paid to the Circulation Supervisor at the Gramley Library circulation desk. Please contact the Circulation Supervisor, at circ.desk@salem.edu for assistance.
Lost Materials:
Lost books and other materials should be reported to the Library immediately. Borrowers who have lost library books or movies will be charged a flat fee of $80 per item for replacement and processing. Other item costs will be assessed on an individual basis. Books and movies not returned within 3 weeks after the due date are considered lost and the borrower will be billed the $80 fee. At this point, the borrower’s library and class registration privileges are suspended until the account is settled. Please contact the Circulation Supervisor, at circ.desk@salem.edu for assistance.
Overdue or Damaged Laptop Equipment:
The fine for overdue laptops is $1 per hour (or part thereof). There is a $15 replacement fee for the power cord. Charges for replacing or repairing a laptop or items not listed will be assessed on an individual basis.
TALA Direct Borrowing
Triad Academic Library Association’s (TALA) agreement allows Salem faculty, students and staff to borrow items directly from participating libraries. All will be asked to show a valid photo ID AND be prepared to confirm your status as a currently enrolled or employed Salem College community member. For example, a Salem student may be required to confirm enrollment by looking up her course schedule in SIS; Salem staff and faculty members may be asked to find their names in the Salem Directory. See, TALA Access & Use for a listing of participating libraries and more information.
Interlibrary Loan
About Interlibrary Loan (ILL):
Using Interlibrary Loan, current Salem Academy & College students, faculty, and staff may borrow materials from other libraries that are not accessible from Salem’s collections. Most types of materials may be requested via ILL for the purpose of supporting your academic research needs, including books, articles, and audio-visual materials. Most libraries do not lend reference books and special collection materials. Items that CANNOT be ordered via ILL:
Articles that are available from Salem’s print and online resources
Assigned course materials such as textbooks, reading lists, and reserve items
E-Books and computer software
All ILL notifications are sent by email, including due date reminders. Please monitor your email address with regularity after submitting your ILL requests.
Cost:
Salem does not charge faculty, staff, or students for ILL items if the item is retrieved before the assigned due date AND it is returned on time. However, all borrowers are subject to fines for items damaged or lost (replacement costs determined by lending library). Failure to pick up an available requested item before the assigned due date will result in the following:
First occurrence – $5.00 fee per item
Second occurrence – $5.00 fee per item and suspension of ILL borrowing privileges until the borrower meets with the Discovery & Delivery Librarian.
Shipping:
Allow at least (2) weeks for delivery of books and at least three (3) weeks for audio/visual materials. Delivery of electronic copies of articles varies, but is usually between 3 and 5 business days, although this is not guaranteed since the lending library determines when an item is delivered. Since we cannot guarantee a quick turnaround time from the lending library there is no “rush delivery” available. Your item(s) will be held for you at the circulation desk when they arrive.
Checkout Period & Renewals:
The lending library determines due dates for the items borrowed. The typical borrowing period is 21-30 days. You may request a renewal before your item is due; however, renewals are provided at the discretion of the lending library. Please submit your renewal requests a minimum of three (3) business days prior to your ILL item’s due date. Overdue items incur fines of $1.00 per day.
To find out how to submit an ILL request, see Borrowing From Other Libraries.
Please note the following deadlines at the end of a semester:
Last day to submit a request for books – 2 weeks before Reading Day
All ILL material due back – Reading Day
Please direct any other ILL inquiries to library@salem.edu. Someone will respond during weekday business hours.
Privacy Policy
Salem College Libraries recognize and honor the right to privacy of all library patrons. The Libraries maintain the confidentiality of library user records in accordance with the laws of North Carolina as stated in the North Carolina General Statutes, Volume 17, Article 3, Sections 125-18 and 125-19, subject to changing United States statutes and regulations. This includes personal data in the Library database as well as information concerning materials and /or information which the user has requested, borrowed, obtained, copied, or used in print, audiovisual, electronic or other formats. Disclosure of library records may be permitted in the exceptions allowed by Section 125-19, part (b), that permits disclosure (1) “When necessary for the reasonable operation of the library;” (2) “Upon written consent of the user:” or (3) “Pursuant to subpoena, court order, or where otherwise required by law.” The legal counsel to Salem College must first review a subpoena or court order for library records before any records can be released or revealed. In the case of a warrant, Library staff can only request a delay while calling for legal counsel to be present during the execution of a warrant, but must comply at once as required. The Libraries generally intend to impose a narrow interpretation of the scope of exceptions permitted for “reasonable operation of the library.” Exceptions include access by appropriate library personnel and notification of the Registrar and/or Business Office of unpaid debts. Monies owed to the Libraries are monies owed to the College. In the case of lost or damaged materials, library fines or other fees, the Libraries will therefore notify the Business Office and/or the Registrar of unpaid debts so that the appropriate action may be taken to collect amounts owed. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act) supercedes all state privacy legislation and amends such Federal legislation as the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). This and related legislation make it easier for Federal law enforcement agencies to obtain warrants in an investigation that they say relates to terrorism. The legislation also removes in some cases requirements for notifying individuals of the release of personal information. It also amends the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to include in warrants under that act a gag order that would prevent Library staff from notifying anyone, other than the College’s legal counsel, of the service of a warrant under this section of the Act. Any person who believes that personal or “library use” information has been improperly released to another party may provide a full written report to the Director of Libraries who will initiate an appropriate investigation. The Director of Libraries will provide a full and timely report, including recommendations if appropriate, to the aggrieved party and to the Director of Libraries’ supervisor.
Gifts Policy
The Salem Academy & College Libraries’ collections date back to the institution’s founding in 1772. While the primary role of the collection building is curriculum support, Salem also plays an important role in the preservation of scholarly information and primary sources. The general collection includes the main library of the institution, Gramley Library, as well as the Fine Arts Library, and the Academy Library. In addition to the circulating collection specialized resources exist in the Archives and Special Collections.
The Archives house the official records of the institution as well as other college and academy related material worthy of preservation due to their enduring legal or historical value.
Special Collections house manuscripts and rare, valuable, and limited edition books.
I. Guidelines and Goals for Accepting Gifts: Due to the high costs of managing the gift process, the Libraries’ goal in accepting gifts is to acquire only materials which are highly relevant to the institution’s needs. All potential gifts will be evaluated in terms of the collection development goals of the Libraries. These include:
Supporting the current and evolving curriculum
Supporting the basic research needs of faculty and students
Maintaining older collections of depth
II. Process for Accepting Gifts:
The Director of Libraries is responsible for following the Salem Academy & College Policy on gifts of kind. All offers of donations to the Libraries are referred to the Director of Libraries or his/her designee.
In the case of gifts destined for the Archives or Special Collections the Archivist or the Director of Libraries is the primary contact .
Small gifts, usually a boxful or less, may be delivered directly to the Discovery & Delivery Librarian. Arrangements for the delivery of larger gifts should be made through the Director of Libraries.
The donor will provide a description of any gift before it can be considered. If a collection is offered, either in whole or in part, a full description (including title, author, publication date, publisher, etc.) is extremely useful. In the absence of such documentation, the Libraries may require on-site evaluation of the collection by library staff before a determination to accept can be made.
The Director of Libraries will acknowledge all donations. The Archivist will send separate acknowledgements for gifts to the Archives and/or Special Collections. Donors who deliver gifts without prior contact with Library staff will receive a copy of the Library’s Donor Record Form as a receipt and interim record of the transfer of ownership.
The Libraries will not accept gifts on which a donor places restrictions that will negatively affect the use of the materials.
The Libraries’ will not accept the following items:
Magazines, journals, or newspapers
Encyclopedias
Anything with an odor or in disrepair
Superseded or outdated content
Content outside of our collection scope
Those that duplicate current local holdings
If, on subsequent evaluation, subject specialists determine material to be inappropriate, it will not be added to the collections, but will be disposed of as described in section IV below.
The Libraries cannot appraise or assign value to gifts.
All gifts become property of the Libraries.
III. Process for Evaluating gifts:
All gifts are to evaluated in light of the following criteria:
Ability to add depth or breadth to the existing collections
Support of overall collection development priorities
Relevance of content
Physical condition
The Libraries will not accept gifts when their physical condition does not allow normal library shelving and use. In some rare cases the Libraries may accept books of sufficiently important content or provenance even if they require professional treatment to protect and preserve them. In these cases, the donor may be asked to provide the resources for this treatment.
Librarians charged with management of specific subject collections, will evaluate gifts accepted for the general collections. They will make the final decision on adding unique or additional copies to the collections.
When specialized knowledge is required to evaluate a gift, library staff may consult with members of the faculty or others with appropriate expertise.
IV. Disposition of Gift Materials
With the exception of some archival materials, all gifts added to the collection will be cataloged and listed in the Libraries’ online public catalog.
Since all gift materials that are added to the general collections are shelved in the appropriate subject classification, the Libraries cannot maintain separate named collections.
Gifts that are not accepted and added to the collection may be disposed of in one of the following ways:
If it has been arranged in advance, they may be returned to the donor.
If of artifactual value, they may be sold to a specialty book dealer, and the proceeds used to support future acquisitions.
In cases where other institutions have teaching or collecting goals which the gift more appropriately supports, these institutions may be offered the gift. The first preference is to place the item in one of the member libraries of the Triad Academic Library Association (TALA), to which Salem belongs.
All other non accessioned gifts will be sold to Better World Books and the proceeds will be used to support future acquisitions.
Donors who offer items or collections that Salem cannot accept may be referred to other libraries.
Guest User Policy
Salem College Libraries support the Salem Academy & College community of learners. Guests of the libraries (i.e. library users who are not Salem Academy & College faculty, students, or staff) are welcome to use Gramley Library during designated hours and in accordance with library policies. Gramley library is available to guests Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 5pm, or by appointment. A guest computer is available for use. Because Gramley Library is a place for research and study, all guests of the library are expected to conduct themselves appropriately at all times. As an independent institution, Salem Academy & College reserves the right to respectfully ask all guests who are in violation of library policies to vacate the library.
Use of the Libraries by Minors
Children under the age of 12 must be accompanied to the library by an adult and may not be left in the library unattended for any period of time. No child under the age of 16 may use the guest computer unless a parent or legal guardian is present to give permission.
Food & Drink Policy
Food and drinks are permitted in the libraries, except in the Reading Room (aka Computer Room) and Archives & Special Collections. While in the library, special care should be taken to preserve the collection, the electronic equipment, and the library itself (flooring, tables, etc.). This policy is adopted on a contingency basis, and will continue thereafter so long as the library remains clean and attractive. Problems such as damage from spills, excessive loose trash, emergence of pests, etc. will force reconsideration. Library users are implored to use good judgment to ensure that nothing is harmed by food particles or drink spills. “Good judgment” includes, but is not limited to:
Using lids for all drinks
Cleaning up after yourself and others (crumbs, food wrappings, minor spills)
Reporting major spills to library staff
Making sure that no crumbs or spills fall onto books, computers, etc.
Washing your hands after eating greasy foods
Eating large, messy, and/or aromatic (smelly) meals only in the ground floor lounge
LOCATION & HOURS Gramley Library
626 S. Church Street Winston Salem NC 27101
ph: (336) 721-2649
DirectionsPowered by Google Maps Widget
Join The Conversation Connect On Facebook Connect On Instagram
© 2020 Salem Library