http://library.unthsc.edu/content/website-privacy
Skip to Main Content Area
Menu
Home
Research Tools
Information For...
Services
About Us
Help
You are hereHome » About Us » Library Policies » Website Privacy
Website Privacy
printer-friendly
Active Information Collection
We use web forms on this site to facilitate the provision of library services. Personal information collected in the course of providing library services is treated as confidential and is protected by state law. For more information about this, see the Policy on Law Enforcement and Third-Party Requests for Library Records That Identify Patron Information.  We use personally identifiable information collected through the web forms only for the purpose for which it was submitted. The information is shared among library staff members on a need-to-know basis.  We utilize various measures to prevent abuse of web forms.
Passive Information Collection
Data about visits to library websites is collected to evaluate usage, navigation, and site performance.  It is also collected for statistical reporting purposes, and to inform future design decisions. This includes visits to pages beginning with library.unthsc.edu, guides.library.unthsc.edu, and unthsc.sirsi.net.
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous website traffic data. Google Analytics uses a cookie for the duration of your website session.  You may opt out of this data collection by disabling cookies in your browser settings. Collected data may include the following:
Length of visit
Time since last visit
Referring site, if any
Pages viewed
Browser used
Screen resolution
Connection speed
Network name
Search terms entered
For privacy reasons, statistics reported by Google Analytics do not include individual IP addresses.
Third-Party Websites
Our websites also contains links to external sites, such as licensed databases and journals, that are not maintained by HSC. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites, so you should look for any privacy statements they may have posted. Some third-party websites provide the option of establishing a personal account to take advantage of enhanced services. If you log on to any of these personal accounts from a shared computer, be sure to log off when you are finished to protect the privacy of your account.
UNTHSC
Gibson D. Lewis Health Science Library
3500 Camp Bowie Boulevard
Fort Worth, Texas 76107
(maps & directions)
Service desk817-735-2465
Research assistance817-735-2070800-687-5302
Connect with us
accessibility   |   privacy   |   AA/EOE/ADA
Copyright © 2020, Gibson D. Lewis Health Science Library
Design by
Zymphonies