http://library.uvm.edu/help/covid_19_services
Skip to main content
LIBRARY HOURS
SWITCH LIBRARY
DANA MEDICAL LIBRARY
SPECIAL COLLECTIONS
SEARCH UVM.EDU
MyUVM
Search Website
Search Directory
A to Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
THE UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT LIBRARIES
Howe Library
Toggle navigation
Ask. Discover. Create.
Ask a Librarian
Threre are lots of ways to contact a librarian. Choose what works best for you.
HOURS TODAY
9:00 am - 4:00 pm Reference Desk - Virtual
CONTACT US BY PHONE
(802) 656-2022
Voice
(802) 503-1703
Text
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT OR EMAIL A QUESTION
Schedule an Appointment
Meet with a librarian or subject specialist for in-depth help.
Email a Librarian
Submit a question for reply by e-mail.
WANT TO TALK TO SOMEONE RIGHT AWAY?
LIVE CHAT WITH A LIBRARIAN NOW
Library Hours for Friday, December 11th
All of the hours for today can be found below. We look forward to seeing you in the library.
HOURS TODAY
10:00 am - 4:30 pmMAIN LIBRARYSEE ALL LIBRARY HOURSWITHIN HOWE LIBRARYMapsClosedMedia Services - By Appt.10:00 am - 4:00 pmReference Desk - Virtual9:00 am - 4:00 pmOTHER DEPARTMENTSSpecial Collections - By Appt.10:00 am - 5:00 pmDana Medical Library7:30 am - 8:00 pm
CATQuest
Search the UVM Libraries' collections
Advanced Search
HomeHomeHelpHelpCOVID-19 Services
Help
Ask A Librarian
Library Research AnnexRequest a Book Form
Request a Bound Volume Form
Photocopy Request Form
Contact Subject Librarians
Contact a Department
Make a Suggestion
Report an Electronic Resource Problem
Frequently Asked QuestionsFrequently Asked Questions - All Questions
Connecting from Off-CampusServices for UVM Students Studying Abroad
COVID-19 Services
ARE THE LIBRARIES' FACILITIES OPEN TO IN-PERSON VISITORS?
In compliance with Governor Phil Scott’s Stay Home, Stay Safe Executive Order, the Dana Medical Library, the Howe Library, and the Silver Special Collections Library are all closed to in-person visitors until further notice.  Our libraries will continue to meet the needs of the UVM community to the best of our abilities through remote services (see below), while also complying with the Governor’s orders and related state policies.
HOW CAN PATRONS ACCESS LIBRARIES' COLLECTIONS AND SERVICES?
Curbside pickup for books and media equipment
During scheduled days and hours, UVM affiliates working on academic and/or research projects may pick up Dana Medical Library books, Howe Library books, DVDs, and media equipment by appointment, at a designated area adjacent to the Howe Library front entrance. Libraries' staff will communicate with borrowers via email (or phone) to locate requested materials and coordinate pickup and drop-off times.
Remote access to online resources
All of our online resources are accessible off-campus. To access subscription-based journals and databases, UVM affiliates can log in with their NetID and password using the Libraries’ EZproxy server. There is no need to use a VPN client. Once logged in, a UVM affiliate can access online resources by following links on our website, in our journal lists, and in our CATQuest catalog.
Google account users can configure Google Scholar to use our proxy and add “University of Vermont – Find it @ UVM” as one of their library access links.
If users want to bookmark particular journals or databases, they can do so by configuring the address for our proxy server to the url like this: https://login.ezproxy.uvm.edu/login?url=https://nature.com.
Please report any difficulties accessing a specific journal or database to our e-resource troubleshooting team.
For information, check out the Howe Library's Remote Access Tip and Tricks research guide.
Temporary expanded access to research resources
During the COVID-19 crisis, many publishers are temporarily opening up access to their online research resources. The UVM Libraries are working to provide trials to select resources and to expand access to some of our current online holdings for UVM affiliates, as well as promoting open access resources. Together, these resources provide access to a large number of the books on our physical shelves, as well as to additonal e-journals, e-books, databases, and others useful research materials. You can learn more from a news item featuring select resources, a guide curated by Howe Library Information & Instruction Services librarians, and a guide from the Dana Medical Library showcasing freely-accessible health sciences resources, including COVID-19 research.
Reference services
We continue to respond to questions that arrive by email and chat.
Dana Medical Library
Ask Dana: https://dana.uvm.edu/help/ask
Reference schedule: Monday through Thursday 8 am - 8 pm, Friday and Saturday 8 am - 4 pm, and Sunday 10 am - 8 pm (EDT)
Howe Library/Information & Instruction Services
Ask a Howe librarian: https://library.uvm.edu/help/ask_a_librarian
Reference schedule: Monday through Thursday 10 am - 4 pm and Friday 10 am - 2 pm  (EDT)
Silver Special Collections Library
Silver Special Collections Librarians are responding regularly to email inquiries.
Email a Silver Special Collections librarian: uvmsc@uvm.edu
Liaison/subject librarian services
Subject librarians remain available to assist students and faculty with discipline-specific help, research assistance, and curriculum support. Contact your subject librarian by email, as needed.
Dana Medical Library/health sciences subject librarians:http://dana.uvm.edu/about/staff/specialist
Howe Library & Silver Special Collections subject librarians:http://library.uvm.edu/about/staff/specialist
Interlibrary loan, document delivery, and scanning
Dana Medical Library and Howe Library
Patrons are encouraged to check CATQuest for needed items. We will continue to provide scanned access to materials in the UVM Libraries’ print collections if they are not available electronically. While we are working to fill interlibrary loan requests that can be obtained electronically, some materials are harder to access at this time due to library closures at other institutions. We can access electronic articles through our existing subscriptions and any free online access. Some dissertations can be purchased through ProQuest and delivered electronically. Many publishers are temporarily expanding access to their online holdings (see above).
Dana Medical Library: Please visit the Dana Library ILL Request Page, contact danaill@uvm.edu or call (802) 656-4382 with any questions.
Howe Library: Please visit the Howe Library ILL Request Page, contact illhwlib@uvm.edu or call (802) 656-2242 with any questions.
Silver Special Collections
We may be able to fulfill reproduction requests on a case-by-case basis. Contact Silver Special Collections with any inquiries: uvmsc@uvm.edu.
Non-affiliate and alumni access
Unfortunately, our vendors have not changed any of our license agreements, and at this time we are not able to offer access to online materials to alumni or non-UVM affiliates. Vendors, are, however, opening a lot of their content, especially content related to COVID-19, so it is worth checking the exact resource/article online to see if it is available for free. While we aren't able to provide access to our subscribed content, reference librarians can help users track down free or open source publications that might fill the need.
CAN I STILL RECOMMEND AN ITEM FOR THE LIBRARIES TO ADD TO THEIR COLLECTIONS?
Users may still recommend a purchase. At this time, priority will be given to requests for materials for course reserve or immediate academic needs that can be obtained as electronic versions.
Dana Medical Library: https://dana.uvm.edu/collections/recommend
Howe Library: http://library.uvm.edu/services/recommend_a_purchase
HOW DO I RETURN BOOKS AND EQUIPMENT?
All borrowed books and DVDs may be returned using the Howe Library book drop. Borrowed media equipment may be returned to Howe Library by appointment, using our socially distanced curbside service. Please do not leave materials unattended outside library buildings.
Use the Howe Library book drop to return all library books and DVDs, whether they’re from Howe Library, Dana Medical Library, or Silver Special Collections. The book drop is to the left of the library’s main entrance. (No appointment is required.)
Return media equipment to Howe Library by appointment. Email Multimedia Services to schedule a time.
Questions? Email Howe Library Circulation or call (802) 656-2023.
WILL I BE CHARGED FOR OVERDUE LIBRARY MATERIALS?
Due date notices and fines are suspended at this time. The Howe Library book drop remains open.