http://library.pepperdine.edu/legal/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
Search site
x
Search
Visit
Give
Menu
Help with...
Visit
Collections
About
News
Events
Locations
Directory
Popular Links
Study Rooms and Tutors
Printing
Libraries Hours
Genesis Lab
MyLibrary
Libraries Catalog Search
Libraries Databases
Interlibrary Loan Requests
Digital Commons
Back
Help with...
Borrowing
Reciprocal Borrowing Privileges for Faculty
Laptops
Fully Online Distance Learners
All Services and Tools
How to Print
Genesis Lab
Digital Learning Lab
Remote Teaching
Reserves and Special Requests
Information Literacy Program
Remote Learning
Remote Research
Back
Visit
Location and Hours
Space Requests
Events
Video Recordings of Events
Exhibits
And the GRAMMY Goes To...
Leigh Wiener
Back
Collections
General Collections
Digital Publications
Digital Collections
Collection Policies
Boone Special Collections and Archives
Browse Tool
Major Collecting Areas
Research
Classroom Instruction
Help Us Grow
Back
About
Contact
Directory
Payson Directory
Calabasas Directory
Drescher Directory
Encino Directory
Irvine Directory
Law Directory
West LA Directory
Mailing
News
Giving
Academic Freedom
Employment
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Web Accessibility
Terms of Use
Pepperdine University (Pepperdine) administers this Web site ("the site"). The terms
and conditions set forth below ("the agreement") apply to all users accessing the
site whether on campus or from remote locations. Please read the following information
carefully.
Because the Internet is an evolving medium, the terms of this agreement may change
from time to time. Please periodically review and become familiar with these terms.
Continued use of the site after the posting of changes to these terms will signify
the user’s acceptance of these changes. Pepperdine may immediately terminate any individual’s
use of this site and/or such user’s password(s) or account(s) in the event the user
violates the terms of this agreement or engages in conduct that Pepperdine, in its
sole discretion, considers unacceptable. Such removal or termination may occur without
notice to the user.
Copyright Information
Copyright Pepperdine University 2009. All Rights Reserved.
Although the site is freely accessible, Pepperdine does not intend to cede its respective
rights, or anyone else’s rights, to the materials appearing on the site. Unless otherwise
noted, Pepperdine owns all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons,
photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of the site.
To encourage a free and continuous flow of information, users are permitted (which
may be revoked at any time) to download the material in the site for private, non-commercial
use only, without alterations, as long as the copyright notice appearing on the downloaded
material, "Copyright Pepperdine University 2009. All Rights Reserved" is included.
By downloading material from the site, the user agrees that there is no explicit or
implicit transfer of ownership rights.
If the user considers any material appearing on the site to be a copyright infringement
and would like to report it, please send an e-mail to webcomm@pepperdine.edu.
Trademark Notice
The Pepperdine University marks and associated logos are trademarks and service marks
of Pepperdine. All other trademarks, service marks, and logos used in the site are
the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. No trademark or
service mark appearing on the site may be used without the prior written consent of
the mark’s owner.
Code of Conduct
Users agree not to engage in any of the following conduct. Such conduct is unacceptable
and may result in termination of use of the site.
Restricting or inhibiting any other user from using and enjoying the site and services;
Posting or transmitting any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable or harmful information of any kind;
Posting or transmitting any advertisement, promotion, or solicitation of goods or
services for commercial purposes without Pepperdine’s prior written approval;
Posting or transmitting any information or software that contains a virus, worm, time
bomb, Trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive component;
Posting or transmitting materials in violation of another party’s copyright or intellectual
property rights;
Using the site for any commercial or unlawful purposes; or
Modifying, adapting, sublicensing, translating, selling, reverse engineering, decompiling,
or disassembling any portion of the site.
Users agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Pepperdine harmless from and against any
and all claims, damages, costs, or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly
out of or from:
(a) user’s breach of this agreement;
(b) user’s violation of the Code of Conduct above; or
(c) user’s activities in connection with the site or site-related services.
Use of the site indicates that the user agrees to be bound by the terms of the agreement.
If user does not agree to the terms of this agreement, please do not enter the site.
For users who are not yet eighteen years of age, a parent or guardian may agree to
be bound by the terms of this agreement on minor’s behalf.
Making Purchases
Users are free to license or purchase products or services described on the site.
Merchants or applicable service providers may ask for certain information including
but not limited to credit card or other payment information. Users must provide to
any such merchant or service provider information that is accurate, complete, and
current. Users agree to review and to comply with the terms and conditions of any
specific agreement into which users enter with the merchant and/or service provider
in connection with the licensing or purchase of any product or service. All charges
appearing on user’s account, credit card, or other payment mechanism are the responsibility
of the user. Users are also responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to
the purchase.
Personal financial information from above will be treated by Pepperdine as described
in Pepperdine’s Privacy Policy.
Submissions
Where permitted, users may submit any text, images, data, or other materials ("content")
to the site. In so doing, users acknowledge and agree that the grant of content to
Pepperdine is a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide right
and license to link to, use, reproduce, transmit, modify, adapt, publish, display,
perform, distribute, and translate content.
Further, by submitting content to the site, users certify ownership authority to grant
such rights to Pepperdine and acknowledge that the burden of determining whether any
content posted or transmitted to the site by user is protected by copyright rests
solely with user.
Contests and Promotions
Users acknowledge that if and when Pepperdine sponsors contests and promotions ("special
program"), or third parties sponsor a special program in conjunction with the site,
either Pepperdine or the third party will post terms and conditions in the official
rules and/or registration area for the special program that apply to the particular
special program. Those terms and conditions, to the extent they conflict with this
agreement, will govern that particular special program.
Privacy
Personal information that Web site users provide in connection with purchases, contests,
polls, chat rooms, forums, or other usages of the Web site or site-related services
is collected by Pepperdine. Any such information will be treated as described in Pepperdine’s Privacy Policy.
Use of Secure Area and Password
With Pepperdine’s grant of a password, users are given access to any password-protected
area on the site. Users may not distribute the password to others unless first granted
Pepperdine’s written authorization to do so. Users are responsible for all uses of
their password.
Content Monitoring
Users acknowledge and agree that Pepperdine has the right, but not the responsibility,
to monitor the site and site-related services, including without limitation chat rooms
and forums, and to disclose any information to any third party in order to operate
the site properly; to protect itself, its sponsors and users of the site; to comply
with legal obligations or governmental requests; or to respond to any circumstance
that Pepperdine deems to be an emergency. Pepperdine reserves the right to refuse
to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that are unacceptable,
offensive, or in violation of this agreement, in the sole determination of Pepperdine.
Warranty Information
The Web site, including any content or information contained within it or any site-related
service, or any product or service licensed or purchased through the site, is provided
on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, with express, implied, or statutory,
including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are incapable
of exclusion, restriction, or modification under the laws applicable to this agreement.
Users acknowledge that any warranty provided in connection with any of the products
or services described herein is provided solely by the owner, advertiser, or manufacturer
of that product and/or service, and not by the site and/or site-related services.
Users assume total responsibility and risk for their use of this site and site-related
services.
Neither Pepperdine, nor its employees, agents, sponsors, third-party content providers,
or licensors are responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential,
special, exemplary, punitive, or other damages under any contract, negligence, strict
liability, or other theory arising out of or relating in any way to the site, site-related
services, and/or content or information contained within the site. Users specifically
acknowledge that Pepperdine is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal
conduct of other users or third-parties, and that the risk of injury from the foregoing
rests entirely with the user. Users’ sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the site,
site-related services, and/or content or information contained within the site is
to stop using the site and/or those services.
Although Pepperdine attempts to ensure the integrity of the site, the possibility
exists that the site could include inaccuracies or errors, unauthorized additions,
deletions, or alterations made by third parties to the site. Pepperdine makes no guarantees
whatsoever as to its completeness, correctness, or accuracy. In the event that such
an inaccuracy arises, please inform Pepperdine at webcomm@pepperdine.edu.
In many instances, the content available through the site represents the opinions
and judgments of the respective information provider, Web site user, or other user
not under contract with Pepperdine. Pepperdine neither endorses nor is responsible
for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on the site
by anyone other than authorized Pepperdine employee spokespersons while acting in
their official capacities. Under no circumstances will Pepperdine be liable for any
loss or damage caused by the user’s reliance on information obtained through the site.
It is the user’s responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness
of any information, opinion, advice, or other content available through the site.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
To the extent the site contains links to outside services and resources ("linked sites"),
Pepperdine neither endorses nor is affiliated with the linked sites and is not responsible
for any content that appears on the linked sites. Users are encouraged to review any
privacy policy or terms of service posted on the linked sites. The respective owners
of the linked sites neither endorse nor are affiliated with Pepperdine.
Parental Control Provisions
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d), as amended, Pepperdine hereby notifies users
that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering
services) are commercially available that may assist users in limiting access to material
that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections
is available at the Web sites of the Electronic Frontier Foundation: http://www.eff.org and America Links Up: http://www.netparents.org/.
Void where Prohibited
Although the site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed
or referenced in or on the site are available to all persons or in all geographic
locations or jurisdictions. Pepperdine reserves the right to limit the availability
of the site and/or the provision of any product or service to any person, geographic
area or jurisdiction it so desires, in Pepperdine’s sole discretion, and to limit
the quantities of any such product or service that it provides. Any offer for any
product or service made on the site is void where prohibited.
Restricted Rights Legend
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the government is subject to the restriction as
set forth in the Technical Data and Computer Software Clause in DFARS 227.7202 and
FAR 12.212, as applicable. Supplier is Pepperdine University, 24255 Pacific Coast
Highway, Malibu, CA 90263.
Miscellaneous
This agreement is entered into in the state of California and shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California, exclusive of
its choice of law rules. Each party to this agreement hereby submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the state of California, and waives
any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. In any
action to enforce this agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and
attorneys’ fees. In the event that any of the provisions of this agreement shall be
held by a court or other tribunal or competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such
provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that
this agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining
to the subject matter herein, and any and all prior or contemporaneous written or
oral agreements existing between the parties hereto are expressly canceled. No waiver
by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver
of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption, or paragraph
title contained in this agreement is inserted only as a matter of convenience and
in no way defines or explains any paragraph or provision herein.
Pepperdine may at any time change the site, including eliminating or discontinuing
any content or feature of the site, restricting its availability or limiting the amount
of use permitted. Such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions shall be effective
immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including, but not
limited to, posting on the site, or by electronic mail, or by conventional mail. Use
of the site after such notice shall be deemed to constitute user’s acceptance of such
changes, modifications, additions, or deletions.
Pepperdine University24255 Pacific Coast HighwayMalibu, CA 90263
scroll up
©