http://library.uvm.edu/help/faqs/reserves
Skip to main content
LIBRARY HOURS
SWITCH LIBRARY
DANA MEDICAL LIBRARY
SPECIAL COLLECTIONS
SEARCH UVM.EDU
MyUVM
Search Website
Search Directory
A to Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
THE UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT LIBRARIES
Howe Library
Toggle navigation
Ask. Discover. Create.
Ask a Librarian
Threre are lots of ways to contact a librarian. Choose what works best for you.
HOURS TODAY
9:00 am - 4:00 pm Reference Desk - Virtual
CONTACT US BY PHONE
(802) 656-2022
Voice
(802) 503-1703
Text
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT OR EMAIL A QUESTION
Schedule an Appointment
Meet with a librarian or subject specialist for in-depth help.
Email a Librarian
Submit a question for reply by e-mail.
WANT TO TALK TO SOMEONE RIGHT AWAY?
LIVE CHAT WITH A LIBRARIAN NOW
Library Hours for Friday, December 11th
All of the hours for today can be found below. We look forward to seeing you in the library.
HOURS TODAY
10:00 am - 4:30 pmMAIN LIBRARYSEE ALL LIBRARY HOURSWITHIN HOWE LIBRARYMapsClosedMedia Services - By Appt.10:00 am - 4:00 pmReference Desk - Virtual9:00 am - 4:00 pmOTHER DEPARTMENTSSpecial Collections - By Appt.10:00 am - 5:00 pmDana Medical Library7:30 am - 8:00 pm
CATQuest
Search the UVM Libraries' collections
Advanced Search
HomeHomeHelpFAQs FAQs FAQs - Featured Questions
Help
Ask A Librarian
Library Research AnnexRequest a Book Form
Request a Bound Volume Form
Photocopy Request Form
Contact Subject Librarians
Contact a Department
Make a Suggestion
Report an Electronic Resource Problem
Frequently Asked QuestionsFrequently Asked Questions - All Questions
Connecting from Off-CampusServices for UVM Students Studying Abroad
FAQs - Featured Questions
Search FAQs
Search
For information about access to Libraries’ services and collections during COVID-19 closures, please consult our COVID-19 Services FAQ.
See all questions
How can I connect to the internet from my laptop?
A laptop with modern wireless capability will see a signal to the UVM network. Upon clicking on this network, a UVM NetID and password is required.
If you have recently changed your netid password, you may need to go into the settings of your device and tell it to forget that WIFI network (password).  See a full description of how to forget a WIFI network password on Enterprise Technology Service's Knowledge Base.
How can I make an appointment with a librarian?
Find your Subject Librarian by department. Select the librarian’s name to find a “Schedule an Appointment” link or contact information.
Consult Hours and Directions for more information about Reference Desk hours.
How can I print from my laptop or mobile device?
Copy/Print/Scanner Locations
1 Color Printer/Copier in the Cyber Cafe
1 BW Printer/Copier in the McCrorey Gallery
1 BW Copier (no printing) on the second floor, to the right, past the newspapers.
Double-sided printing is the default.
Printing Cards
Print jobs need to be retrieved through a card reader (touch or swipe) system.
Non-UVM affiliates can purchase and deposit money onto the required card at the CATcard machine at the front (Circulation) desk.
UVM affiliates can use this machine to deposit more money onto their UVM ID card when needed.
Send a Print Job
To print a web page you must be able to upload it first.  To do this, choose "file > print" from the Browser menu, then choose "Save as Pdf" as the printer option.  This .pdf file can now be uploaded to Pharos Print Center.
Users can upload a file to Pharos Print Center (https://uniprint.uvm.edu/myprintcenter).
Print jobs sent with Pharos Print Center are accessible from every printer in the library for up to two hours.
Here you can see:
cost per page
your balance
a print preview
You can choose:
black & white or color printing
single/double sided-copying
a page range
number of copies
number of pages per side
Retrieving Print Jobs
Jobs sent from UVM Affiliate (Authenticating) machines and Pharos Print Center can be found listed under your NetID.
Using the card reader located near the printer, swipe or touch your card to view jobs sent on the desktop monitor. Select your job and hit 'print'.
See the locations of Affiliate/Public Computers here.
Fees for Copying & Printing
Copies and printouts may be paid for with an existing Cat$cratch account, by adding money to your UVM ID card at the vending machine by the Circulation Desk, or by purchasing a Cat$scratch card from the vending machine. Cat$cratch cards cost $1.00 and come with $1.00 worth of value.
Type of PagePayment
Method
Price per Page
B&W copies or printouts
Cat$cratch
5¢
Color copies or printouts
Cat$cratch
25¢
Also see printing from library computers.
How do I access databases or articles from off campus?
On the Library home page, select “Connect Off Campus” and log in with your NetID and password.
If you continue to have problems accessing a database after logging in, please submit an eResource Problem Report.
NOTE: If you do not have a NetID and password, you will need to access the databases from the public computers in Howe Library.
How do I book a group study room?
The Howe Library provides ten group study rooms to currently enrolled UVM students, faculty, and staff.
The group study rooms are designed to serve as a place for users to engage in collaborative work in small groups, watch videos, and hold meetings.
Group study rooms are equipped with large monitors, whiteboards, and computers. Most have additional data and power jacks for up to six laptops.
You can book a group study room, as well as review further details about the policies governing the use of these rooms by visiting the following link: http://library.uvm.edu/about/policies/group_study.php
How do I connect to the UVM Guest wireless network?
To set up access to UVM GuestNet, navigate to the UVM Guest Accounts article from the University's Enterprise Technology Services Knowledge Base.  There are two methods for connecting to wireless: self-sponsored and sponsored. Self-sponsored accounts require the use of SMS (mobile phone with text messaging). For a sponsored account, you need a current UVM affiliate to complete the process.
How do I find a book in the library?
Our quick guide to Finding a Book in the Library explains how to look up books on the library website by using CATQuest and how to find books on the shelves of the library's main collection.
How do I print from the library computers?
Copy/Print/Scan Locations
1 Color Printer/Copier in the Cyber Cafe
1 BW Printer/Copier in the McCrorey Gallery
1 BW Copier (no printing) on the second floor, to the right, past the newspapers
Double-sided printing is the default.
Printing Cards
Print jobs need to be retrieved through a card reader (touch or swipe) system.
Non-UVM affiliates can purchase and deposit money onto the required card at the CATcard machine at the front (Circulation) desk.
UVM affiliates can use this machine to deposit more money onto their UVM ID card when needed.
Send a print job.
From the authenticating sit down workstations, you can send a print job by choosing File>Print and choosing a specific queue where you will pick up the job.
Choose either:
InsideCafe-Color-Queue (Color print jobs)
Gallery-BW-Queue (black and white jobs)
You could also choose to send print jobs via Pharos Print Center as described in "How to print from a personal device".
Retrieving Print Jobs
Jobs sent from UVM Affiliate (Authenticating) machines and Pharos Print Center can be found listed under your NetID.
Using the card reader located near the printer, swipe or touch your card to view jobs sent on the desktop monitor. Select your job and hit 'print'.
See the locations of Affiliate/Public Computers here.
Fees for Copying & Printing
Copies and printouts may be paid for with an existing Cat$cratch account, by adding money to your UVM ID card at the vending machine by the Circulation Desk, or by purchasing a Cat$scratch card from the vending machine. Cat$cratch cards cost $1.00 and come with $1.00 worth of value.
Type of PagePayment
Method
Price per Page
B&W copies or printouts
Cat$cratch
5¢
Color copies or printouts
Cat$cratch
25¢
How fast is interlibrary loan (ILL)?
Interlibrary loan:
of books usually takes 7-14 days after we process your request, depending on the type of material ordered and from which library we can get the book.
of articles/chapters usually takes 3-5 business days, unless we can get them through the RapidILL service or other expedited services that fill requests in 24 hours.
The Library doesn't have the book or article I need. What do I do?
Try requesting what you need through Interlibrary Loan (ILL).
You can also Recommend A Purchase. Our Collections Committee will review your request and get back to you.