http://library.health.ufl.edu/about-us/library-user-policies/
About Us
Library User policies
About Us Overview
Expand About the HSC Libraries Submenu
About the HSC Libraries
Our Facility
Facts and Figures
Expand Other Libraries Submenu
Other Libraries
Veterinary Medicine Education Center
Expand Borland Health Sciences Library (Jacksonville) Submenu
Borland Health Sciences Library (Jacksonville)
Borland - ILL and Request-A-Copy
Borland Library - Request a Literature search
Borland Library - Ask a Reference Question
Location, Maps & Parking
Expand Library User policies Submenu
Library User policies
Fall 2020: Visiting the Library
24 Hour Quiet Study Space at the Health Science Center Library
HSC Archives
Jobs
Comments / Suggestions
Contact Us
Hours
fall 2020 using the library
HSC 24 Hour Quiet Study Space policies
smathers libraries user policies
Lost and Found
The HSC Library is not responsible for the security of personal items brought into the library. Patrons are expected to keep their belongings, especially valuables (i.e., bags, electronic devices, textbooks, etc.) within their sight at all times.
Items that are left in the library, or found by other patrons and turned in to library staff, will be handled by the Library Access Services department. The Information Services Desk is designated as the central lost and found depository for the library. Lost items should be turned into “Lost and Found” as soon as possible.
Each lost and found item will be tagged and recorded in the Lost and Found logbook upon receipt. Information recorded in the logbook will help to ensure items are accounted for and returned to the rightful owners. All found materials will be held in a secured area accessible to library staff only. If the item has a name or contact information, a staff member will attempt to contact the owner.
Lost and found items are kept for 30 days, unless they are claimed by the owner.
Lost items may be claimed anytime during the hours that the Information Services Desk is open. If a patron believes an item has been stolen, they should contact UPD or ask a library staff member to contact UPD for them.
Food & Drink
The library allows food and drink within the library provided that it is not a distraction to other patrons.
Library users must clean up after themselves, and:
Discard trash in trashcansClean up spills whenever possibleReport spills to the nearest service desk.
Cell Phones and Pagers
HSC Library users are requested to set cell phones to vibrate. If that is not an option on your device please use the lowest ringer/alert volume.
Computer Use Policy
The Health Science Center Libraries (and wider George A. Smathers Libraries) provide public use computers to facilitate access to locally held and remotely stored electronic data for the University of Florida community. Equipment and electronic resources are accessible during all library service hours. Staff are available to assist users in meeting their information needs with the computers.
Users of library computers must comply with the university’s Acceptable Use Policy for computing resources, with applicable contracts including software licenses, and with applicable local, state, and federal laws. Examples of applicable laws, rules and policies include the laws of libel, privacy, copyright, trademark, child pornography (see 18 U.S.C. Chapter 110, Section 2252A,, and Keeney Memorandum), the Florida Computer Crimes Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, which prohibit “hacking,” “cracking,” and similar activities, the university’s Student Code of Conduct, and the university’s Sexual Harassment Policy.
Observe copyright notices and warning screens and comply with copyright law. Digital content and materials on the Internet are protected under copyright law. Unauthorized distribution, reproduction, or transmission is illegal, and offenders are subject to prosecution.
Computers and networks are state assets. Please use them in a responsible, ethical and lawful manner.  Deliberately crashing, vandalizing, or otherwise compromising a computer or network, degrading performance; or unnecessarily consuming large amounts of system resources are serious offenses and may result in loss of library privileges and disciplinary action or criminal charges. Respect other users of library computers and do not harass or interfere with them.
While there are no specific time limitations, the Library staff reserve the right to give computer priority use to those who are engaged in class work assignments and research.
The Libraries will report infractions of these policies to the Office of Student Affairs or the appropriate law-enforcement agency. Any infraction could result in the loss of library privileges and disciplinary action.
Child pornography, a felony in the state of Florida, is illegal and the University Police will be called immediately.
Library Computer Access Policy for Visitors
A guest GatorLink account allows campus visitors to access library computers. Licensed databases are available for use in the Library and on campus.  A guest GatorLink account does not allow the borrowing of library materials or remote (“off-campus”) access to databases.
Campus visitors and the general public may register for a guest GatorLink account at any Smathers Libraries service desk during all hours the library is open.
A photo ID must be presented to register. The system will record your name, phone number, and email address. The guest account will remain active for 7 days, at which time a new account may be established.
Computers must be used in accordance with library and university policies and procedures listed above. Any violation may lead to loss of these privileges.
For your protection, please remember to log-off when you have finished using a library computer.
Photo Policy
The UF Health Science Center Library (HSCL) routinely takes photos of users in the public areas for the purpose of creating and maintaining an environment conducive to the educational and research needs of UF students, faculty and staff. Photography or videotaping carried out by the HSCL is intended for internal use and is the property of the HSCL. In instances where these photos are used on the website, or for academic/promotional posters, etc, we will attempt to obtain a release, or make individual users unidentifiable. If you see an HSCL photographer taking photographs in your vicinity, and you would prefer that your photo isn’t taken, please let us know.
Disturbances
The first floor is designated for group collaboration. Conversation at a reasonable speaking level is permitted provided that you are mindful of the people around you.
The second floor is designated for group collaboration. Conversation at a reasonable speaking level is permitted provided that you are mindful of the people around you. The 2nd floor becomes a quiet study space after 5:00pm.
The third floor is intended for individual study. It is a designated quiet area. Please do not speak above a whisper and keep any conversation to a minimum. If you need to use your cell phone, please relocate to the library stairwell.
Individuals deemed disruptive to others will be asked to leave the library. Disorderly conduct, abusive language, or actions toward library staff or other users of the libraries may be reported to University officials and/or the UPD.
If at any time a situation gets out of control, the staff member/s involved should call UPD (392-1111) and report it. If the staff member or UPD sees fit, the persons involved may be issued a warning or be trespassed from the University.
Quick Links
HoursReserve a study/proctor-U room (students only)CatalogContact Us
Ask A Librarian
DatabaseseBookseJournals
Liaison LibrariansPubMedResearch Guides (LibGuides)Off Campus Access
Renew my materialsCourse ReservesAbout the HSC LibrariesMyUFL
Get books/articles from another library (ILLiad)
Smathers Libraries' homepage