https://library.mcz.harvard.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main MenuUtility MenuSearch
MUSEUM OF COMPARATIVE ZOOLOGY | HARVARD.EDU
HOMEServicesCirculationReferenceInterlibrary LoansSpecial Collections and ArchivesOther ServicesScholarly ResourcesDigital ResourcesE-journalsMCZ Reading ListNew BooksNew Books GalleryLatest JournalsDigital CollectionsOnline Special CollectionsBurkhardt CollectionBurkhardt Scientific DrawingsThayer Expedition PapersThomas Barbour Travel ImagesAlexander Agassiz's Expedition and other imagesContributions to the BHL Flickr GalleryWilliam Brewster PapersAbout the LibraryDirections to the LibraryLibrary MissionCollaborationsLibrary StaffHistory of the LibraryThe Library Turns 150!Ernst Mayr BiographyMCB LibraryExchange ProgramEML Blog
HOME /
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for library.mcz.harvard.edu
By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information gathering
Requesting Information If you request information or other resources from the website, we may ask for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, position, affiliation, or other personal information. We may also ask you for other information at other times.  We use this information to respond to your inquiries, to customize your experience on the website, to improve our content and to provide you with email notifications related to your interests.
Browsing information and cookies When you access this website, our servers automatically record information that your browser provides.  This may include, among other data, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, device identifiers and location, the date and time of your access, web pages visited, and files accessed.  We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.  This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous.
This website will attempt to store a small piece of data known as a "cookie" on your computer, which will be read each time you visit the site.  We may use cookies to establish continuity between related requests and to analyze site traffic. Cookies do not themselves contain any personal information. You may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of all of this site's features.
User communications When you send email or other communications to us, we may retain the communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
You should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in discussion groups, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others.
Email Policy
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
User Generated Content (Including Comments)
Opportunities exist for users to engage in discussions, including submitting comments and replies on blog entries. Any information disclosed by you in comments, including name, email, website, and the comment will be visible on internal servers. Additionally, information regarding name and comments shall be public on the blog once a comment or reply is approved for submission on the website. Comments are up to the discretion and approval of moderators in the Ernst Mayr Library.
User Generated Content Terms of Use
You shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish on to the Ernst Mayr Library site (“Services”) any libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or otherwise illegal material; any comment deemed to contain any of the above following. You agree that you will not deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages or "spam.” You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual preference, age, region, disability, etc. You may not impersonate another user or a library staff member by choosing a similar screen name. You must disclose conflicts of interest. Any comments deemed containing the above will not be approved for distribution or, if approved, will removed thereafter.
You acknowledge that any submissions you make to the Services (i.e., user-generated comments (each, a "Submission") may be edited, removed, modified, published, and displayed on the Ernst Mayr Library website and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. Submissions made to the Services may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and made available for republishing through other formats.
Harvard University reserves the right to delete, move, or edit Submissions that it deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
By making a Submission, you are consenting to its display and publication on the Site and in the Services and for related online uses.
When you share or recommend (with or without adding your own comments) any articles or content from the Services to your Facebook, Twitter, or Google+ profile, that action is governed by their respective Privacy Policies.
Use of information We use the information collected for the following purposes, in addition to those described above:  tailoring the website to user needs and improving our service; generating data and reports about usage of the website and its content, including identifying how much of our audience comes from within the Harvard network; supporting the functioning and security of the website; protecting our rights and safety and the rights and safety of others; and research.
We may evaluate site usage by collecting statistics about the behavior of visitors to this website and analyzing user information and demographics, but only to generate aggregate statistical reports.  For this purpose, we may use third-party services to collect such information.  We may display this statistical information publicly or provide it to others.
We may provide your personally identifiable information to third parties when we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; investigate compliance with or enforce our Terms of Use; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.
Other websites and cookies This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These "third-party cookies" may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Google Plus or other social media services for we have implemented "plug-ins." Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Information protection This site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.  However, no such measures are 100% secure.
Contacting this web site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact mayrlib@oeb.harvard.edu
Changes to this policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we change the policy, we will post the modified policy on this page.
Effective date The effective date of this policy is March 31, 2016.
[1] Language adopted from http://security.harvard.edu/privacy-policy and http://www.harvard.edu/privacy-statement
Copyright © 2020 The President and Fellows of Harvard College | Privacy | Accessibility | Digital Accessibility | Report Copyright Infringement