http://libsuite.com/privacy-policy/
About Libsuite
Hospitality Hosting
Managed Services
Domain Registrations
Hotel Web Design Services
Booking Systems
Blog
About Libsuite
Hospitality Hosting
Managed Services
Domain Registrations
Hotel Web Design Services
Booking Systems
Blog
Privacy Policy
When you sign up for service with Libsuite  Web Hosting, we collect personal information from you including your name, e-mail address, billing address, security question (and answer), credit card or other payment information, and a password.
We may also collect the URL from which you linked into our site, your IP address, and your browser type and version, all of which are collected in an anonymous manner without being linked to any of your personal information.
OUR WEB HOSTING IS NOT LOCATED IN THE USA WE HAVE NO AGREEMENT WITH THE NSA OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENT ORGANISATION TO SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
Use of Customer Information
Customer privacy is something we take very seriously at Libsuite . We do not sell or disseminate (except in cases where required to by law enforcement agencies with the relevant documentation submitted – even then upon reciept of a request from any agency we shall notify you so you can change your account prior to granting access) the personal information of our customers to any parties outside of Libsuite  for any purpose other than communicating messages provided by Libsuite . We use customer information for the purposes of creating and maintaining individual customer accounts, contacting customers in case of problems with their account(s), sending personal information, for statistical purposes, to administer our systems, to conduct surveys, to administer drawings or contests, to provide product and marketing updates, and to provide technical support.
Libsuite  may engage with companies or agencies that may come in contact with some customer data only in cases where that access is required to support Libsuite ’s own goals and initiatives. Some optional partner offers and services may require customer information to be provided to third parties as a necessary part of establishing service with them.
Please note that the contact information that you provide to us is used to register your domain name and is, by the very nature of the domain registration system, available for public viewing in many places on the Internet via the use of the ‘whois’ tool.
Whois Privacy Services
Whois Privacy as offered by Libsuite  does not act as a shield from legal liability in conjunction with Domain Registration. In order to preserve neutrality in disputes between 3rd parties and domain registrants, Libsuite  will act in accordance with ICANN Registrar Accreditation agreement section 3.7.7.3 upon receipt of actionable evidence of illegal activity. This means that identifying information will be provided to law enforcement and officials of the court including attorneys as situations require in order to preserve Libsuite ’s neutrality in any litigation.
The validity, interpretation, and performance of this TOS, and of the agreements and policies that apply to the Services, shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of Michigan, United States of America, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law. You agree that jurisdiction and venue are proper in the state courts located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, or the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan located in Ann Arbor Michigan. The parties specifically disclaim the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
19. All Claims
All claims you bring against us must be resolved in accordance with this TOS. Without limiting the previous sentence, this includes claims based on service outages which are expressly covered by our SLA. All claims filed or brought contrary to this TOS will be considered to be improperly filed and a breach of this TOS. If you file a claim contrary to this TOS, we may recover attorneys fees and costs. Attorney’s fees include any fees charged by our in-house, or virtual in-house, attorneys.
20. No Waiver
No waiver of rights under this TOS, or any Libsuite Hospitality Hosting  policy, or agreement between you and Libsuite Hospitality Hosting  shall constitute a subsequent waiver of this or any other right under this TOS.
21. Assignment
This TOS may be assigned by Libsuite Hospitality Hosting . It may not be assigned by you. This TOS shall bind and inure to the benefit of the corporate successors and permitted assigns of the parties.
22. Severability
In the event that any of the terms of this TOS become or are declared to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such term(s) shall be null and void and shall be deemed deleted from this TOS. All remaining terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
23. Survival
Sections 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 22 and 23 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Part B
IP Address
We will provide, at no cost to you, one primary IP address by default, which will be subject to change at any time. You may use this address only in association with the Services, it may not be transferred.
Access
You will have no physical access to the Virtual Private Server.
Use
While the Virtual Private Server may appear to be dedicated solely to your use, the server it is on will be shared with other Libsuite Hospitality Hosting  customers. You will take no actions to limit the use of the Equipment by our other customers or other entities in general. You will not alter, or attempt to alter mechanisms, including software, implemented by us to facilitate the sharing of a server. You understand that certain aspects of the Virtual Private Server designed to facilitate use by multiple parties may affect your use and administration of the Virtual Private Server. You may not terminate this Agreement based on the implementation of these features.
Libsuite
Home
About us
Managed Services
Domain Name Registration
Partnerships
Design Services
Booking Systems
Social Media Services
Hospitality Investment
Support
Manage My Account
Support Desk
Get In Touch
Sales@libsuite.com
Support@libsuite.com
Ascala Group, 26, Street 302, Phnom Penh
Copyright 2013 Libsuite. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions