https://lindersvold.dk/privacy-statement/
Who we areOur website address is: https://lindersvold.dk/Privacy statementDRH Lindersvold respects your privacy. In this Privacy Statement, we will inform you how DRH Lindersvold will safeguard your personal data according to current EU Laws on data protection.Scope and acceptanceThis Privacy Statement applies to how we manage personal data for all persons who esquire information about DRH LindersvoldPersonal data is information that can identify you as a person, such as an e-mail address, street address or phone number. Processing your personal data is necessary for us to serve you. By providing us with your personal data, you accept the practices and terms described in this Privacy Statement. Please do not provide your personal data if you do not agree. Storage of Personal DataDRH Lindersvold use the companies Karuny and MailerLite for storage of all Personal Data.Read more at: https://www.karuny.com/  and or https://www.mailerlite.com/ Security Around our Hosting ProductsFor communication DRH Lindersvold uses https certificates for all services where personal data may be stored. For our Database services, we have added an extra layer of security where we issue personal certificates to gain access to the system. Certificates will be issued by Karuny https://www.karuny.com/ to employees of DRH Lindersvold on a need-to-know basis. Why we process your personal dataTo provide you with information about DRH Lindersvold, requires some information about you.Our aims with this are:Provide detailed information about the program that DRH Lindersvold offersInform about and the latest developments in DRH Lindersvold and in some partner schools, in the form of digital newsletters.To send you invitations to various events organized by DRH Lindersvold, such as cultural events, conferences and sports events. Use of 3rd party products or servicesWe use some third party products or services on our website, these third party sites have separated and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no reparability or liability for the content and activities of the linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these sites. The sites we use are:Facebook Pixel for monitoring and making our website more user-friendlyHotjar for monitoring and making our website more user-friendly MailerLite for collecting, storing and sending promotional emails  How we collect your personal dataWe only collect information about you directly from you.We will also, with your consent, use cookies and other tracking technology when you use  DRH Lindersvold website in order to optimize your experience of this. These cookies are only used to analyse website statistics.Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on our Website activities including, but not limited to page views, source and time spent on a Website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals. This will help to protect your privacy. By using Google Analytics, we can see what content is popular on our Website, and strive to give you more of the things you enjoy reading and watching.You can prevent the information generated by the Google cookie about your use of our Sites from being collected and processed by Google in the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser. This Add-on is available at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. What personal data we processThe type of data that DRH Lindersvold process about you may be:Your own details such as name, address, telephone number and email.Personal data provided when filling in our application form at:https://lindersvold.dk/ How we store your personal dataWe store your personal data on our database which is provided by Karuny.com that complies with GDPR laws on secure storing of personal data, and only people working for DRH Lindersvold with a valid personal certificate can access your data. We do not share your data with anyone else. Your rightsYou have the right to opt-out of receiving news and information from DRH Lindersvoldv and can do so by:Contacting us via e-mail: info@lindersvold.dkUse the opt-out feature in newsletters and other mails Access and rectificationYou have the right to request a copy of your personal data. You may send us a request for this.You also have the right to request that DRH Lindersvold correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. This can be done by writing an email to info@lindersvold.dk Data security and retentionHow we keep your personal data secureDRH Lindersvold takes the trust you place in us seriously. DRH Lindersvold is committed to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other deviant processing of your data. Further, DRH Lindersvold is committed to ensure proper use of the information and to maintain data integrity. As part of our commitment, we utilize reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative procedures and measures to safeguard the information we collect and process. DRH Lindersvold has implemented the following security measure:Secure operating environments – DRH Lindersvold stores your data in secure operating environments that are only accessible to OWC employees on a need-to-know basis. DRH Lindersvold also follows generally accepted industry standards in this respect.Please note that these protections do not apply to the personal data that you choose to share in public areas such as social media. How long we store your personal dataDRH Lindersvold will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the stated purpose. This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we collect is no longer required in this way, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner.After four years since last interaction we will delete all personal data we have on you automatically. The reason for storing personal data for four years, is that our experience shows, that some people who esquire for information about the DRH Lindersvold programme, go through a long clarification process before making a decision to join the programme. Changes to this StatementIf we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. We encourage you to review the Statement regularly. If we make significant changes to our Statement that materially alter our privacy practices, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect. How to contact usWe value your opinion. If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Statement, any unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, or concerning a possible breach of your privacy, please send them to info@lindersvold.dk . We will handle your requests or complaints confidentially. Our representative will contact you to address your concerns and outline the options regarding how these may be resolved. We aim to ensure that complaints are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner.
privacy-statement-drh-lindersvold