https://loansolo.com/terms-of-use
Start NowHow It WorksWays To Get Funds— Cash by Phone 855.982.1120Terms Of UseLoanSolo.comEffective Date: August 26, 2016The Terms of Use mentioned below are an agreement between LoanSolo.com (also the "Company") and a user ("You" or "Your"). These Terms of Use govern the use of this website (referred hereinafter as the "Site").This Site is an online marketplace that acts as a bridge between the companies that are involved in the business of distributing loans and users like You who are looking to borrow money.Please read through the Terms of Use before using this Site as your continued using implies that you have read and understood these Terms of Use.Please, make sure you have read it entirety before using this Site. By agreeing to use this Site, you acknowledge that you are 18 years or above and are legally bound by these Terms of Use. You are also welcome to go through our Privacy Policy and Marketing Practices by clicking on the respective links to get a better understanding of our Terms of Use. This service is not available for the residents of certain states such as: Arkansas, New York, West Virginia and Vermont due to the local laws. This list of states is not exhaustive and is subjected to changes, depending on the local laws of each state.Don’t use the Site or Company's services if you don’t accept these terms.ServicesThe Company does not lend money to anyone nor is involved in any direct financial transaction with You. Rather, the Company acts as a bridge that connects You with a network of independent third-party loan providers (hereinafter referred to as "Financial Service Providers"). When You register with the Company, You can be simply connected with the Financial Service Providers who offer short term loans anywhere between $100 to $1,000 (depending on the regulations in Your state regarding loan caps and individual terms offered by lenders) and online personal loans up to $5,000. The choice of offering lending options to a consumer as well as the amount depend on the Financial Service Provider, and the Company has no role in it whatsoever. Also, not all Financial Service Providers may offer short term loans up to $1,000 or online personal loans up to $5,000 due to their lower financial capacities or other reasons that the Company has no control over. The Company does not make any offers or promises in this regard.The Company gets its revenue from the advertising given by the Financial Services Provider. However, this does not mean that the Company patronizes the services of any Financial Service Provider. Moreover, the loan conditions offered by the Financial Service Providers who are listed on this Site may not always suit Your requirements. If you are unsure about any aspect of the loan given by the Financial Service Provider, you may consult a professional before making Your decision. The Company takes no responsibility towards the offer made by the Financial Service Providers, and there is no involvement of the Company whatsoever in these decisions. Furthermore, the Company has no role in determining how a Financial Service Provider may use the information given by You.By continuing to use this Site, you are acknowledging that the Company is not liable for any damages or costs, financial or otherwise, incurred by You due to Your transaction with any Financial Service Provider doing business with the Company. To register for the Company's services, You must agree to these Terms of Use, Company's Privacy Policy and Marketing Practices.To use the services offered by the Company you have to register on the Site and provide personal, employment and other details that Financial Service Providers may warrant to make a decision on your loan request. When you submit these details, the Company will share the same with Financial Service Providers who are working with the Company. The sharing of your information and the manner in which it will be used are governed by the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Marketing Practices of the Company. When you register in this Site and provide your personal details, You are explicitly agreeing that You are requesting a connection with one of the Financial Service Providers who are registered with the Company. Based on the information provided in Your online form on the Site, any Financial Service Provider may reach out to you through email, post, telephone or through any other media now or in future with the intention to assist You in getting the loan You want or provide financial help, which is considered relevant regarding your present conditions. This same information (except for your SS number and banking details) may also be given to third-party marketing companies by the Financial Service Providers to offer You additional services or products that You may need.By providing your personal details such as Your Social Security number and date of birth, you are authorizing the Financial Service Providers to use this information to do credit checks or background checks, as required by the operations and policies of each Financial Service Provider. The Company does not do these background or credit checks, and is in no way responsible for the outcome of these checks. Mind that some credit checks may influence your credit score.The Company does not guarantee the availability of any loan product or service of any Financial Service Provider. The Company runs the Site and is not responsible for the information advertised by any Financial Service Provider. Nor do we guarantee that any product or service is ideal for You and that Your request for a credit will be satisfied or that You will get a loan offer of the amount that suits your request. The Company simply provides the connection with Financial Service Providers showing the information You submit in our online form without verifying the availability or details of any product or service offered by these Financial Service Providers.If the loan offered by any Financial Service Provider connects with Your need, then You can enter into a formal agreement with that Financial Service Provider. This agreement including its terms and conditions have nothing to do with the Company. In other words, the Financial Service Provider drafts the agreement, so it is Your responsibility to go through the details and understand it before signing the agreement. The Company has nothing whatsoever to do with the agreement or the terms of any particular credit offer. If You have any questions or doubts regarding the agreement or any other aspect of the loan, You are requested to contact the Financial Service Provider directly to clarify your questions.Authorized UseWhen You use this Site, you are agreeing to use it only for the purpose mentioned in the Terms of Use. Any other unlawful representation or reproduction of the content displayed on this Site is strictly prohibited. Any other use of this Site or its content for commercial purposes is deemed unlawful.Proprietary RightsThe ownership, content, logo, information and anything else displayed on this Site belong to the Company and are governed by the Intellectual Property laws in the United States. When You use this Site, you do not get ownership to anything present on the Site. Any reproduction, duplication, resale, copying or other exploitation of the content, arrangement, organization, and design is considered illegal, and hence such actions are strictly prohibited.Disclaimer of WarrantiesThis site and the services offered by the company are available "as is" and on the basis of stated availability. they are accessed and used at your own risk after understanding the Terms of Use. this company makes no warranties or guarantees whatsoever with the service or any product, and they are subject to change without any prior intimation. also, the company does not guarantee that its products will meet your requirements at any given point in time or that the services offered by the company will be uninterrupted, secure or error-free. the software and other technologies used by the company may come with errors that will be corrected by the company when possible. the company does not guarantee that any third-party software, websites and tools will be secure or error-free. as a result, the company will not accept any liability arising out of such errors or problems. this company has not reviewed or verified the links of third-party providers and financial service providers present on the site. it is up to you to visit these third-party links and accept the product or services offered by them. by visiting such links, you are at your own risk and the company is not liable for any losses accrued to you through such actions.Limitation of LiabilityThe company is not responsible for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or any other form of loss or damage that you may be subject to due to the use of the site and the services provided by third-party financial service providers who have listed themselves as loan providers on this site. the total liability of the company in the case of any loss or damage to you is limited to the extent of money you have paid to access or use this site.Some jurisdictions do not recognize or allow the exclusion of certain specific warranties such as incidental or consequential damages, and in such cases, the company will adjust our liability to the maximum extent permitted by law.Marketing MaterialsWhen you submit your information on this Site, you are granting access to the Company, Financial Service Providers and other third-party partners to contact You through a range of media such as email, telephone or by mail address. If You do not wish to receive such information, then You have to remove Your details through the Company's opt-out mechanism.Third Party and Third Party WebsitesThe Site may contain information about the services offered by third-party partners and a possible link to their websites. Company does not guarantee the accuracy of information on these websites and does not endorse them in any way. These are present only for Your information, and You access these websites at Your own risk. The Company is not liable for any damages or losses You may incur due to the access of these websites or the services of these third-party partners. Any communication that You may have with such third-party companies, including Financial Services Providers, are at Your own risk and the Company is not responsible in any way for such communication or the consequences thereof.Electronic Communication, Notifications and Electronically Delivered InformationThe Company, Financial Service Providers and third-party companies associated with the Site may choose to use the electronic medium for communication. Such communication may include request for additional materials, notices, providing information, marketing materials sending state laws, Federal laws or any other document pertinent to the service being offered by such companies. This communication can come from the Company, Financial Service Provider or any third-party partners of the Company.By continuing to use this service, you agree to receive such current and future communications electronically. These electronic communications will be sent to the email address provided by you at the time of submitting Your information or an alternate email address that the Company may obtain through a Financial Service Provider or third-party. You agree that technically you are able to receive and save documents and communication electronically from the Company, Financial Service Provider and third-party companies. You also have the right to receive all communication through non-electronic channels. To do so, withdraw Your consent to receive documents electronically by emailing to contact@loansolo.com.DisputesAny dispute that may arise due to Your use of the Site or the Company's services are subject to the provisions and laws of the state which licenses or authorizes the service upon which the complaint is made, regardless of any other choice of law or conflicts between local laws and provisions. If you encounter any such dispute, you are requested to formally submit Your complaint or dispute for arbitration to the corresponding association or institution authorized to resolve such cases in accordance with state and federal rules and regulations that are valid at the time of submission of Your dispute.Any dispute that arises between you and the company will be resolved only through arbitration. by agreeing to this term, you explicitly give up your rights to represent yourself individually or through legal counsel in front of any judge or court. also, you agree to waive your right to class action suits when you continue to use this site.The arbitrator appointed by the American Arbitration Council to oversee the dispute between You and the Company cannot award damages that exceed the maximum compensatory damages and the arbitrator does not have the right to multiply any of the damages claimed by You. Moreover, the arbitrator does not have the right to award any punitive, incidental and consequential damages arising out of Your dispute. By using this Site, You waive Your right to these damages as well. The judgment provided by the arbitrator will be binding on You, though the Company may choose to file an action in any court within the jurisdiction of the corresponding location or place with the authorities to handle such cases in lieu with this alternate dispute method.If You do not agree to these arbitration clauses, then You should send a letter in writing to the Company within ten days (10) of accepting these Terms of Use. You must send the request to: LoanSolo.com. The letter should clearly have Your first and last name, telephone number, address and email address along with the statement "I reject the arbitration clause of the Company contained in its Terms of Use." When You choose to reject, it is Your responsibility to bring up a legal case to any court located within the jurisdiction of the corresponding location or place with the authorities to handle such cases within one (1)
year of the occurrence of the damage, otherwise it will be deemed void.Export RestrictionsThe products or services offered on the Site cannot be exported or downloaded in the following countries or by the residents of these countries:Syria
Iran
North Korea
Cuba
Iraq
Libya
Sudan
and any other country that US has embargoed goods and servicesThese services may not be distributed or used by the individuals who belong to the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Individuals or US Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By using the services of the Company, You declare that You do not violate these export restrictions. By using the services of the Company you warrant you don’t belong to any of the stated lists.IndemnificationWhen You use the services of this Company, You agree to indemnify the Company, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates and each of its individual members, directors, employees, agents, bankers, co-partners as harmless and hence, are not subjected to any liability or claims that maybe brought by You due to (a) Your use of the Company's Site, (b) Your breach of the Terms of Use laid out in this document, and (c) Any dispute that may arise between You and any other third-party. Each of the above-mentioned members will have the right to assert this provision in the event of a dispute, claim or proceeding brought by You.Entire AgreementThe Terms of Use laid down in this document comprise the entire understanding of the provisions and agreements between You and the Company, and it supersedes any prior information or notices You may have received in this regard. Company's failure to enforce any of these provisions will not mean a waiver of these provisions at any time.ChangesThe Company reserves the right to make changes to these Terms of Use at any time and without giving prior notice. These changes will take effect immediately, and Your continued use will imply Your acceptance to these changes.SeverabilityThe failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use will not be deemed as a waiver of these rights, nor will it diminish the right of the Company to enforce it at anytime. If any of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use are against the local laws, then such provisions will be severed, but the remaining Terms of Use will continue to be in force.HeadingsThe headings present in these Terms of Use are for understanding purposes only and will not alter or diminish the meaning of the provisions contained in this document.Contact InformationThe Site and related services are provided by LoanSolo.com. If you have a request, complaint or enquiry regarding the services rendered by the Site, please, contact us via contact@loansolo.com. In case you consider your issue treated improperly, you can also contact the corresponding organizations in your state of residence authorized to review or resolve the cases of the kind.By using the site, you agree to abide by the above Terms of Use.Get Started Now!Even Imperfect Credit Is Welcomed to Try$200-$500$500-$1,000$1,000-$2,500$2,500-$5,000GET STARTEDBy submitting your information you claim you have read and understood and agree toPrivacy Policy, Terms of Use, Responsible Lending and Marketing Practices