https://lywam.org/terms-conditions/
Covid-19 Response: Check here for what to expect
Always-Free Admission
Hours |
Membership |
Blog |
Accessibility |
Change Text Size |
100%
110%
115%
120%
130%
140%
150%
175%
200%
Menu
Visit
Covid-19 Response: Re-Opening Plan
Visit
Hours & Directions
Contact
Staff
Media Resources
Press Releases
News
About
Group Tours
Wausau Area
Exhibitions
Exhibitions
Current Exhibitions
Upcoming Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Catalogues
Touring Exhibitions
Birds in Art Subsequent Touring Exhibition
Shoreline Symphony Touring
Abundance of Riches
Only Owls
Ergo Sum: A Crow a Day Karen Bondarchuk Touring Exhibition
Learn & Do
Learn & Do
Art Park
Youth & Families
Teens & Adults
Activity Guides
Art Kits
Digital Resources
Jigsaw Puzzles Online
Schools
Schedule a Tour
Education Resources
Teacher Resource Guide
Pre-Visit Materials
Past Exhibition Resources
Guest Artists
Audio Tours
Events Calendar
Events Calendar
Collection
Collection
Birds in Art
Birds in Art
Prospectus
Catalogues
Birds in Art Subsequent Touring Exhibition
Master Wildlife Artists
Wausau’s Artrageous Weekend
Gardens & Grounds
Gardens & Grounds
Outdoor Sculpture
Garden Exhibition
Seasonal Fun
Special Occasion Photography
Get Involved
Get Involved
Become a Member or Renew Membership
Giving Opportunities
Volunteer
Travel Opportunities
Current: Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the official website of the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum, Wausau, Wisconsin, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. The Woodson Art Museum’s online properties comprise, but are not limited to, all pages found under www.lywam.org.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
By using the pages on this site, you signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the Woodson Art Museum site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials contained on the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum site are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned or controlled by the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum.
The contents of this site are intended solely for personal, noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our site) use by the users of our site. You may view, copy, and print the contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for noncommercial use only,
(ii) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices,
(iii) you make no modifications to any materials,
(iv) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our programs, services, or brands, and
(v) you do not download quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from the Woodson Art Museum site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other website or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title, or interest in any downloaded contents or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents, the site, or any related software.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Birds in Art® is the registered mark of the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum and cannot be used by others without expressed permission. Wausau’s Artrageous Weekend™ is trademarked by the participating organizations and its use is protected and controlled.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
SITE CONTENTS
Information on this site is provided with the understanding that the Woodson Art Museum is not rendering professional advice or recommendations. You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER
The material on this site could include technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, or omissions. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site or a site that is linked to this site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort [including, but not limited to, negligence], or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
• Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
• We will collect and use personal information solely with the object of fulfilling those purposes specified by us, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
• We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
• We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
• Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
• We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying use or modification.
RETURN AND REFUND POLICY
All catalogue sales are final. If an incorrect item was sent or was received damaged in shipping, the Woodson Art Museum will pay return shipping.
If duplicate submissions are received, a credit will be issued within 30 days minus a $5.00 handling fee.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, AND POSTINGS
All comments, feedback, submissions, or other information communicated to the Woodson Art Museum through this site will forever be the property of the Woodson Art Museum. The Woodson Art Museum will not be required to treat any communication as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or promotion ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Woodson Art Museum materials. The Woodson Art Museum will be entitled to use the communication for any noncommercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the communication. You acknowledge that you own whatever material you submit, and use of your communication by Woodson Art Museum will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not maintained by the Woodson Art Museum. The Museum is not responsible for the content of those sites. Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in sites listed on or otherwise linked to this site. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by the Woodson Art Museum. The Museum makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit personal information, or contain information that you may find inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While the Woodson Art Museum strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your own risk.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to this site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
This information is distributed internationally and may contain references to programs, products, and services that are not available in your country, state, or particular location. These references do not imply that the Woodson Art Museum intends to announce or provide programs, products, or services in your country, state, or particular location.
Unless otherwise specified, the contents on this site are presented solely for the purposes of promoting programs, products, services, and other content available in the United States and its territories, possessions, and protectorates. Those who choose to access this site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Wisconsin, United States of America, excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions or your use of this site shall be filed only in the federal courts located in Wisconsin. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site.
The Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of this site and destroying all contents obtained from this site and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise. Your access to this site may be terminated immediately without notice from us if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these terms. Upon termination, you must cease use of the Woodson Art Museum site and destroy all contents obtained from this site and all copies thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have comments or questions regarding the Terms and Conditions, you can contact us at:
Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum
700 North Twelfth Street
Wausau, Wisconsin 54403-5007
Phone: 715.845.7010
Monday-Friday, 8am-4:30pm Central Time
Email
You can email us your question and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Visit Extras
Audio Tours
Enriching audio tours offer insights into selected changing exhibition artworks.
Activity Guides
All ages explore exhibitions via fun, interactive exercises in printed in-gallery activity guides.
Videos
In-gallery videos expand on exhibition themes.
Catalogues
Available for purchase.
Artist Residencies
Explore the range of programs with guest artists.
700 North 12th Street
Wausau, WI 54403
715.845.7010
info@lywam.org
Museum Programs Supported by
American Alliance of Museums Accredited Museum
Travel Green Certified
Copyright
©Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum. Site designed by Ontogeny Advertising & Design
Print
Loading Event...×
The Museum is closed temporarily, as a health precaution to keep all well.
Before visiting, check www.lywam.org for any updates and what to expect.
OK, got it
×