http://mandarinspot.com/privacy
HomeDictionaryAnnotationLinks
Privacy Policy
At MandarinSpot, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is the information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit and use MandarinSpot.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (Internet protocol) address, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. These log files are kept for up to five weeks and then automatically deleted.
Cookies
We may also use third party advertisements on MandarinSpot.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing advertisements in Chinese if you are located in China, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs.
IP Address Forvarding
When you use Annotator to fetch pages from a website, your IP address is forwarded to that site in X-Forvarded-For header of the HTTP request.
User Communication
If you send an email to MandarinSpot, we can retain it to answer your question or improve quality of our site.
Home - Privacy Policy - API - Mobile Version©2020 MandarinSpot.com