http://marquette.edu/tools/privacy.shtml
CAMPUS ALERTThe latest coronavirus information and fall 2020 updates: marquette.edu/coronavirus.Skip to content
marquette.edu //
Search //
Contacts //
A-Z Index
Marquette UniversityMarquette Tools
Marquette Tools
Marquette A to ZCampus ContactsContact UsCampus Map
Marquette.edu // Tools // Privacy Policy
Marquette University is committed to respecting your privacy as a customer. Our privacy policy is clear: We collect no information about you, other than information automatically collected and stored (see below), when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Automatically Collected
When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your visit:
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visited; and
the address of the website from which you came.
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information is collected about you.
Portions of the Marquette website use Google Analytics, a web metrics service of Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are commonly used text files stored in your browser, to help analyze how users use the site. This cookie information (including your IP address and the Marquette web pages you visit) will be collected by Google and stored on Google servers. Google will use this information to help Marquette understand and evaluate your use of the website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of portions of the Marquette website (e.g. the MU Connect online alumni community). By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Portions of the website use Resonate audience insights tags. Learn more about Resonate privacy principles or opt out.
Personally Provided Information
Marquette University does not require you provide to personal information to visit our website; however, you may choose to provide us with personal information through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc. This information is used only to fulfill the stated purpose of your communication and/or participation. Learn more about how and when your personally provided information may be collected and used.
Marquette Spirit Shop Purchases
Marquette Spirit Shop is hosted externally from Marquette. Personal information submitted to complete online purchases through "The Marquette Spirit Shop" is used only to ship and process your order, and is not shared, sold, bartered or leased to third-party vendors.
GoMarquette.com
GoMarquette.com, the official website of Marquette Athletics, is hosted externally from Marquette. Be advised that a separate privacy policy currently governs end-user visits and participation.
Disclosure
Marquette University does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our online visitors to third parties except as required by law.
Endorsement Disclaimer
Our website has links to many other non-profit, educational, and governmental institutions, and in a few cases, private organizations. You are subject to that site's Privacy Policy when you leave this site. Reference in this website to any specific service, company, or organization does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by Marquette University. Marquette University is not responsible for the contents of any "off-site" Web page referenced from this server.
General Info
Phone
(800) 222-6544 or
(414) 288-7250 for local calls
General address
Marquette University 1250 W. Wisconsin Avenue Milwaukee, WI 53233
Mailing address
Marquette University P.O. Box 1881 Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
Additional ways to mail Marquette
PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBPAGE?
Report an accessibility problem
To report another problem, please contact jan.harwig@marquette.edu.
Location
Marquette University
1250 W. Wisconsin Ave.
Milwaukee, WI 53233
Phone: (800) 222-6544
Key Resources
Campus contacts
Campus map
Contact us
Search marquette.edu
eMarq
CheckMarq
D2L
MyJob
MARQUETTE A to Z
ABCDEFGHIJKLM
NOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Non-Discrimination Policy Accessible Technology
© 2020 Marquette University
©