https://mcdaniel.hu/terms-service/
Current students
Study Abroad
Pre-Medical Program
Login
admissions@mcdaniel.hu+36 1 4133025
Terms of Service Home /Terms of Service
McDaniel Budapest is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. We keep certain basic information when you visit our website and recognise the importance of keeping that information secure and letting you know what we will do with it.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the joint data controllers are McDaniel Budapest (address: Bethlen Gábor tér 2, 1071 Budapest, Hungary), Tax ID: 10404364-2-42
This policy only applies to our site. If you leave our site via a link or otherwise, you will be subject to the policy of that website provider. We have no control over that policy or the terms of the website and you should check their policy before continuing to access the site.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
Our data processing shall be based at least one of on the followings:
you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person;
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
If data processing is based on your consent please be informed that you can withdraw the consent at any time but withdrawal shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.We receive your personal data when you apply directly for our study program via our website; when you apply directly to be a student for whom we can facilitate a ’student contract’; when you apply via a third party when you respond to a ’study program ad or promotion’ placed by us or by our representatives on online sites, in print or in any other prmotion materails; when you contact one of our representatives directly regarding your studies for a particular education program; or when you send an application (with your personal data, copies of your documents, your declarations and sensitive data records) directly to us or to of our representatives.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site mcdaniel.hu ,This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, or requesting further information. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
We may collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by your teachers, school, parents, etc. We will seek this information only for your application and studies with us and we will inform you that we are doing so.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, operating system, browser usage and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
If your application is unsuccessful, McDaniel Budapest may keep your personal data on file in case there are future education opportunities for which you may be interested.We will not share your information or CV or any pesonal data or record with any third party without your explicit consent.
STUDY PROGRAM ALERTS
We may on occasion contact candidates stored on our database who are not actively looking for a study program. When you apply for a study program through our website or a third party ad, you are providing consent for McDaniel Budapest to store and process your personal data, and are also providing consent for us to contact you if we receive details of a study program which specifically matches your plan. We will only do this where you, the potential candidate, meet a new study program of ours, and where you have provided explicit consent to us storing and using your data.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our visitors and students browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way.We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including your record on our CRM system, in applicant tracking systems and on other IT systems (including email, own and rental servers), all of which are completely confidential. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By submitting your personal data, you consent to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a data subject you can:
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request.
Request for McDaniel Budapest to change incorrect or incomplete data.
Request for McDaniel Budapest to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing.
Object to the processing of your data where McDaniel Budapest is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at Bethlen Gábor tér 2, 1071 Budapest, Hungary or via email to: info@mcdaniel.hu. If you do wish to be deleted from our database, please make it clear that you wish to be removed rather than simply marked as no longer potential student. On your request we provide information without undue delay and in any event within 1 month of the receipt of the request.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (Nemzeti Adatvédelmi és Információszabadság Hatóság – Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/c 1125 Budapest, Hungary, phone nr: +36-1-391-1400, e-mail: ugyfelszolgalat@naih.hu, website: www.naih.hu).
As at the moment we don’t carry out automated decision making including profiling the right to data probability is not relevant.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, main campus and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
NOTIFICATION OF BREACHES
We are aware of our responsibility as an education service provider to protect your information and to only share details with third parties upon receipt of your explicit consent. All of our systems are protected and only McDaniel Budapest staff and consultants working for McDaniel Budapest have access to the personal information stored in your registration.
In the unlikely event that our computer systems are compromised and there is a potential loss of confidentiality we will report this breach to you within 72 hours of being notified and take any action necessary to restore security of your personal data.
RETENTION OF YOUR DATA
Your data will be retained for no longer than is necessary and in accordance with our Data Retention Policy.
WHAT IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to McDaniel Budapest during the application process. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your application properly or at all.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. If you have any questions or concerns, or would like delete or rectify your information please email us on admissions@mcdaniel.hu.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to College International Kft. Bethlen Gábor tér 2, 1071 Budapest, Hungary or via email to: admissions@mcdaniel.hu.
17 May 2018., Budapest, Hungary
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks