https://mcdaniel.hu/privacy-policy/
Current students
Study Abroad
Pre-Medical Program
Login
admissions@mcdaniel.hu+36 1 4133025
Privacy Policy Home /Privacy Policy
Declaration of providence of information and consent
Hereby I declare, that I provide my personal data to the data processors to processing for purposes hereby defined in association with performing the contract and meeting legal obligations in a manner and for a period of time declared in the consent based on the following data processing declaration provided to me by McDaniel College Budapest, McDaniel College USA and COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL Kft., as joint data processors and on the basis of the Regulation of European Parliament and Council (EU) 679/2016 (General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)).
I acknowledge, that I shall not provide my data, but in this case I am not able to take part in the training provided by the data processors.
Processed data: name, sex, mother’s name, place of birth, date of birth, citizenship, country, address, residential address in Hungary, social insurance number, taxation number, telephone number, email address, passport number, personal identification number, data of curriculum vitae, earlier learning outcomes, language knowledge, chosen programme, course, amount of tuition, learning outcomes, educational identification number, profile photograph and signature.
Name and contacts of the data processor: McDaniel College Budapest (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2.), McDaniel College (2 College Hill, Westminster, Maryland, 21157 U.S.A.), COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL as an operator (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2., tax identification number: 10404364-2-42)
Hungarian representative of the data processors: COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2.)
Legal basis of the data processing: entering and performance of the student contract between the data processor and the data subject, meeting the legal obligations required by the legislation on higher education and aliens (investigation of admission criteria, decision on admission, registration of students and their learning outcomes, monitoring of meeting the learning obligations, data reporting in relation to a student card, certification of data necessary to application of a visa and a residence permit, data reporting on aliens, certification of data requested by the student)
Purpose of the data processing: practicing and performing of the contractual rights and obligations, communication, meeting the educational and data reporting obligations required in legislation.
Period of data processing: 80 years at the latest as determined in sub-item 3 of item I/B of Annex no. 3 of Act 204 of 2011.
Receipts to whom the data are transferred to: body issuing the student card, Hungarian Bureau of Education, 1055 Budapest, Szalay u. 10-14), authority on aliens (Immigration and Asylum Office of Hungary, 1117 Budapest, Budafoki út 60.)
Essence of the agreement the joint data processing: McDaniel College Budapest provides its educational services as the educational branch of McDaniel College USA, in relation to which, the data are collected required by the American laws and internal rules of McDaniel College USA to McDaniel College USA. The services for McDaniel College Budapest – on the basis of Hungarian laws –, are provided by COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL. In this capacity, as an organisation providing the personal and institutional background of the training services, the data are processed the data required by the Hungarian laws concerned, furthermore it serves as a contact point to McDaniel College USA and McDaniel College Budapest.
Based on the Adequacy Decision of European Commission and Privacy Shield between European Union and United States of America, the guarantees of data processing in USA are guaranteed.
Furthermore I declare, that on the basis of the following declaration of data processing I give my consent to process my personal data as follows by the data processor for hereby defined purposes in a manner and for a period declared in the declaration.
I acknowledge, that I shall not provide my data. I also acknowledge, that I should have the right to withdraw my consent any time, but it does not affect the legality of the data processing prior to the withdrawal. I am aware of that, that I should have the right to request my data to be erased anytime, but if the data is processed also on other legal basis than the consent, the data processor shall not do so. In this case I should have the right to object the data processing.
The scope of data processed on the basis of the consent: profile photograph, data regarding health conditions, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, name, telephone number and email address of parent/custodian and preferred flatmate.
Name and contacts of the data processor: McDaniel College Budapest (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2.), McDaniel College (2 College Hill, Westminster, Maryland, 21157 U.S.A.), COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL as an operator (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2., tax identification number: 10404364-2-42)
Hungarian representative of the data processors: COLLEGE INTERNATIONAL (1071 Budapest, Bethlen Gábor tér 2., tax identification number: 10404364-2-42)
Purpose of the data processing: regarding the profile photograph, the identification of the student, regarding the healthcare data, general information on the health conditions of the students, collecting data as required by legislation of USA regarding racial and ethnical data, in case of the parental/custodian data the notification on educational outcomes of the student and contacting the person to be notified in a probable situation of emergency, data regarding the preferred flatmate and providing aid to find the appropriate accommodation, profile photograph, video and audio recordings, likeness, artwork, profile and/or story in this and futures publications, web pages and other promotional materials produced, used by and representing McDaniel College. Upon completion of my studies, my contact information (name, address, email address, phone number) can be used for maintaining alumni relations.
Period of data processing: five years at the latest from the termination of student legal status.
Rights of the data subject are:
The data subject should have the right to receive access to his/she personal data processed by the data processor, he/she should have the right to request for their rectification and erasure, should have the right to object the data processing, in certain cases he should have the right to seek the right to data portability and should have the right to request the restriction of data processing (as long as the future of the data is decided). The data processor answers the requests of the data subjects within one month. The requests may be submitted to the contacts above. The data subject should have the right to lodge a complaint to the authority concerned (Hungarian National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information – www.naih.hu, address: 1125 Budapest, Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C, telephone number: +36-1-391-1400, email address: ugyfelszolgalat@naih.hu).
Detailed description of each right
1.1. Right to access:
You shall have the right to obtain confirmation from the controller as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information.
So you should have the right to request information from us, whether we process your personal data and if so, you should have the right to be provided information and access to them on the following:
purpose of the data processing
categories of the personal data of the data subject
those recipients, to whom to the personal data was provided or will be provided
planned period of personal data to be stored
rights to rectification, erasure, restriction, objection and lodging complaints
if the data are collected not from you, information regarding the source of the data.
1.2. Right to rectification
You should have the right to that, that inaccurate personal data regarding to you shall be rectified at your request and – taking the purpose of data processing into account – you can request the incomplete data to be completed, through a complementary declaration.
1.3. Right to erasure
In that case, if
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed
if the data processing was based on your consent only and if you have withdrawn it, or
if You legitimately object the data processing, or
the personal data were processed in an unauthorised manner, or
the personal data shall be erased due to requirements of law, or
the data was collected with marketing purposes
You should have the right to request to erase the personal data.
If the personal data was made public, in case of an erasing obligation (by taking the available technology and costs of the implementation into account), we take the reasonably expectable steps to provide information to other data processors, that You have requested to erase any links to the personal data or the copy or replication of the data.
The right to erase may not be enforced, if the data processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and right to information, perform a legal obligation, from a public interest regarding public health, in relation to data processing for purposes of archivation of public interest, scientific and historic research and statistics and to establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
1.4. Right to restriction of data processing
You should have the right to request us to restrict data processing in the following cases:
to the period, as long as the accuracy of the personal data is supervised, because You debate them;
in case of an unauthorised data processing, if you request restriction of use instead of erasure;
processing of the given Personal data is no longer necessary, but you require them to establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
you objected the data processing, as long as the request of objection is investigated.
if the data processing is a subject of restriction, the personal data may be processed with your consent only except storing or to establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for defending the rights of other persons and for important public interests only. You are preliminary provided information on the removal of the restriction.
1.5. Right to data portability
If you provided your personal data by a voluntary consent or for the purpose of entering a contract, you should have the right to request to receive them in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided.
1.6. Right to object
If the data processing took place with direct marketing purposes, you should have the right to object the data processing. In this case, the personal data are no longer allowed to be processed for this purpose.
If the data are processed on the basis of the legitimate interest of the controller or another person, you should have the right to object data processing. In this case, the personal data shall be no longer processed, so he/she shall erase them unless it is demonstrated compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
2. Enforcing the rights of the data subject:
Both during providing information and enforcement of the rights of the data subject, appropriate measures are taken to the data subjects shall be provided information in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form, using clear and plain language and we shall promote exercising other rights of the data subjects.
The information are provided first of all in writing (including the electronic form) and at the request of the data subject also in a spoken form. We reply electronically submitted requests in an electronic form (unless if the data subject requests it otherwise).
The requests regarding to exercising the rights of data subjects – if the identity of the applicant is identifiable – are replied in the possibly shortest period, but at least within one month of receipt of the request, providing information the data subject on the taken measures. Depending on the complexity of the request and number of requests, this period may be extended by two months at the latest, on which – by providing the reasons – we provide information within one month of receipt of the request.
If no measure takes place by the request, we provide information the data subject on this and its reasons within one month of receipt of the request, providing the opportunities of lodging a complaint and a judicial remedy.
In case of a personal data breach, if it is likely to bear a high risk to the rights of the Data subjects, we provide immediate information to them on the breach personally or through a public statement. All those receipts are notified on the rectification, erasure and restriction measures taken by the requests of the data subjects, whom the Personal data were provided, unless if this is impossible or it involves a disproportionately great effort.
In case of a data protection breach, if it is likely to bear a high risk to the rights of the data subjects, they are provided information on the breach immediately personally or through a public statement.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks