http://mcr.chu.cam.ac.uk/useful-stuff/privacy-policy-dps/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Here at Churchill MCR, we take your privacy seriously. We only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. We do occasionally take photographs at our events which we then publish publicly on this website and/or on our affiliated social media accounts, purely for the purpose of event publicity and record keeping. If you do not consent to your photographs being taken during such events, or relevant personal identifiers being displayed alongside, please do inform the committee and/or the photographers.
Data Protection Statement
As of the 25 May 2018, the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) comes into force. It sets new standards for handling personal data about living individuals. There is lots of useful information available on the Information Commissioner’s website about the new regulation and how to comply in general that you may wish to read to familiarise yourself with the change in regulations.
As all College clubs and societies hold personal data about their members, the clubs and societies need to be aware of the new regulations and make it clear to their members what data they are holding and why in the form of a Data Protection Statement (DPS).  If you are on the executive board of any college clubs and societies, do make sure that you have filled out a DPS; without a DPS that complies with the new GDPR, no other data controllers will be able to share their data with you.
The MCR itself has its GDPR compliant DPS pertaining to its members and guests available to peruse through the two links below:
Data Protection Statement – Members
Data Protection Statement – Guests and Visitors
Search
Search for:
Search
Upcoming Events
Dec
11
Fri
all-day
First Year Fridays
First Year Fridays
Dec 11 all-day
If you would like to take part in this week’s First Year Friday walk, please find further information + sign up using this link[...]
Dec
16
Wed
6:00 pm
Yoga
Yoga
Dec 16 @ 6:00 pm – 7:00 pm
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Social MediaMCR MarketplaceThere are currently no Ads to show.Admin
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org