http://med.ufl.edu/alumni-affairs/volunteer-opportunities/host-help-our-students-travel/
Alumni
Volunteer Opportunities
HOST: Help Our Students Travel
Alumni Overview
Expand Alumni Weekend Submenu
Alumni Weekend
Reunion Giving
Expand Giving Submenu
Giving
Scholarships
Partners in Medicine
Expand Volunteer Opportunities Submenu
Volunteer Opportunities
Alumni Ambassador Network
HOST: Help Our Students Travel
Medical Alumni Board of Directors
PA Alumni Advisory Council
Mock interviewing for residencies
Expand Awards Submenu
Awards
Previous Award Recipients
Residents & Fellows
Request Transcript
Expand Preceptorships Submenu
Preceptorships
For Students
For Preceptors
Update Your Record
Virtual Resources
Contact Us
The HOST program taps into our wonderful alumni support network by matching students with alumni volunteers who provide them with a free place to stay during interview trips as well as invaluable advice about residency training and the prospective medical center and community in which they are interviewing.
How does it work?
Fourth-year medical students will have access to a password-protected database of alumni volunteers specific to the HOST program. Students can search alumni by city and state of where they are interviewing or by county. They will then reach out to alumni directly to coordinate further arrangements. A member of the Alumni Affairs team will reach out to you to check in and learn about your experience.
For more information about HOST, please contact Alumni Affairs at drgator@health.ufl.edu.
Participate in our program as a student of the UF College of Medicine on the interview trail.
Samuel Phen stayed with UF graduates Drs. Will and Sarah Knight while on the residency interview trail in Virginia. “I’m incredibly grateful for the HOST program,” Phen said. “Everyone was so welcoming and had an incredible level of hospitality. It definitely made the interview trail a happier experience.”
Participating in HOST a fun and easy way to connect with current medical students.
Patrick Bliven connected with internal medicine resident Jonathan Berry, M.D. '17, while interviewing for a residency at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston.