https://mededsys.com/privacy.php?osCsid=c66bb4d37bd3d59fe22d9af132ef3452
Top » Catalog » Privacy Notice
CREATE ACCOUNT |
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout
Categories
EMTsNurse: Competency ExamOccupational TherapistsRespiratory: Competency ExamNursesRespiratory Therapists->Sleep Courses
Information
Professional Conferences
About UsAccreditationContact UsFAQsHow This Site WorksPrivacy NoticeShipping & ReturnsState Requirements
Privacy Notice
At Medical Education Systems, Inc., we are committed to providing you with continuing education courses and services to meet your needs.
This commitment includes protecting personal information we obtain about you (referred to as "information" in this notice).
We want to earn your trust by providing strict safeguards to protect information about you as we continue to bring you valuable products and services.
We restrict access to information about you to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for mededsys.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharinngWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (877) 295-4719 or via email at info@mededsys.com.
Shopping Cart
0 items
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Specials
603: Neonatal Care$74.00$70.30
Friday 11 December, 2020
8270446 requests since Wednesday 19 December, 2007
- Your payments are secure-
Copyright © 2020 Mededsys Inc: Home Study Courses for Nurses, Respiratory TherapistsMedical Education Systems, Inc.
P.O. Box 81831
San Diego, CA 92138-3939
Toll Free: 1-877-295-4719
Local: (619)295-0284
Fax: (619)295-0252
Email: info@mededsys.com
We have extended our hours. We are now open from 8:30 AM PST to 7:00 PM PST