http://medicine.osu.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Patient Care
Academics & Research
Education & Admissions
Research
Faculty
Alumni
Why Choose Us
News
Find Faculty
Find a Department or Division
Student Resources
Diversity
Give
Privacy Policy
About Us.
Home
Privacy Policy
This is a privacy policy for The Ohio State University College of Medicine.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy at comwebmaster@osumc.edu.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements"). This policy contains 1 data group. The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Safe-zone data"
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
User agent information
Search terms
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Web site and system administration.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
This group contains the data that is collected by servers when handling "safe-zone" requests from clients.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Site administration
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium). In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6. IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Share this page