http://medicalmuseums.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Find a Museum
About
Events & Exhibitions
Medical History Tours
News
FAQ & Contact
This privacy policy sets out how the London Museums of Health & Medicine uses and protects any information that you give London Museums of Health & Medicine when you use this website.
London Museums of Health & Medicine is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
London Museums of Health & Medicine may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
What we collect
We do not collect personal or private information from visitors of our site.
We do, however, collect anonymous statistics about your visit to our website, like which of our pages you viewed. We measure these using Google Analytics. This service records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish. Google Analytics data is automatically deleted 26 months after your last visit.
Security
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers. We do not use an SSL certificate, vulnerability scanning or malware scanning for this reason.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor how you are accessing the site, including which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to disable cookies, have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or delete any individual cookie. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of this, and other, websites.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, please note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to the Secretary, LMHM, Science Museum, Exhibition Road, London, SW7 2DD, United Kingdom, or emailing us at enquiries@medicalmuseums.org.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Any questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please email us at enquiries@medicalmuseums.org or write to the Secretary, LMHM, Science Museum, Exhibition Road, London, SW7 2DD, United Kingdom.
Back to Top
2020 LMoHM
| Related Links
| Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US ON
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptOpt out Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy