https://michener.ca/privacy-policy/
Search Site For:
Search Michener
Search Michener
close search
Home › Privacy Policy
loading...
Introduction
The Michener Institute of Education at UHN (“Michener”) understands the sensitivity with which your personal information should be handled. Michener will use its best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to Michener is used only for the purposes set forth herein or as otherwise communicated to you at the time you provide Michener with personal information.
Acceptance of Terms
This notice explains Michener’s online information practices only. This Privacy Policy applies to the “www.michener.ca” website (the “Web Site”). PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY AS YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE.
Terms of Service
The use of the Web Site is governed by the Terms of Use. For the Terms of Use, please visit website terms and conditions page.
Collection of Information
Michener collects information about you when: (i) you use the Web Site; and (ii) when you voluntarily provide your information to Michener. No personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address or credit card number, is collected by Michener when you use the Web Site except when you provide such personal information on a voluntary basis, such as when you register for courses, apply to programs, subscribe to any Michener publications, purchase Michener merchandise, make a donation, update your records, fill out online surveys or request information or services from Michener.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Michener collects certain information about you when you use the Web Site in order to complete the registration process, register your participation in a course or program, send you a tax receipt when you make a donation or fulfill or respond to your information requests. Michener will not disclose any personally identifiable information about you to any third party without your approval, except Michener reserves the right to disclose such personally identifiable information: (a) to any of its affiliates and subsidiaries that Michener deems appropriate; (b) if such disclosure is made pursuant to a legal proceeding or administrative hearing or as required by law; (c) to organizations involved in a merger involving Michener or a transfer or sale of its assets or business; (d) to any third party organization Michener engages to assist in its marketing and outreach programs, so long as such third party organization enters into an agreement that contains confidentiality and privacy commitments substantially similar to those contained in this document; and (e) to its professional advisors, including its auditors, accountants and lawyers.
Cookies
The Web Site uses cookies to collect information about you. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your system or impair its functioning in any way. Michener uses cookies to tailor your experience at the Site, to show you content that you might be interested in, and to display the content according to your preferences. Cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to allow your browser to show you when a cookie is sent. However, if you choose not to accept cookies some part of the Web Site may not function properly.
Internet Protocol Address
Michener collects an IP address from all visitors to the Web Site. Michener uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with the Web Site, and to administer the Web Site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you when you visit the Web Site.
Links
The Web Site may contain links to third-party websites. Michener has no control over such third-party websites. By clicking on a link, you agree that Michener is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and that it is your responsibility to be aware of and comply with such privacy policies.
Security of Personal Information
Although Michener uses commercially reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information, you hereby acknowledge that the Internet is inherently not a secure medium of communications and that your communications may be subject to interception, tampering or loss which is beyond the control of Michener. You further acknowledge that the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Michener through this Web Site cannot be guaranteed.
Retention of Information
Michener will retain your personal information only as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Michener reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If Michener decides to amend this Privacy Policy, Michener will post the amended terms on the Web Site so that you will always know what information Michener gather, how Michener might use that information, and whether Michener will disclose it to anyone. Posting of amended terms shall constitute notice to you. All amended terms shall be effective immediately upon such notice. Your continued use of the Web Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Deleting or Changing Personal Information
At your written request, Michener will: (a) provide reasonable access to your personally identifiable information that is in Michener’s records; and (b) use reasonable efforts to allow you to update or correct personally identifiable information which you state as incorrect to the extent that such information has been maintained by Michener and if so, that such updating or correction will not compromise Michener’s compliance with applicable law, contractual commitments and/or the privacy of other individuals. You acknowledge that it may be impossible to completely delete all of your information from Michener’s records without some residual information being maintained due to backups or other reasons.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of Michener in respect of this Web Site, please direct your questions and comments to:
Michener’s Privacy Officer
Michener Institute of Education at UHN
222 St. Patrick Street, Toronto, Ontario, M5T 1V4
Email: privacy@michener.ca
Fax: (416) 596-3159
Last revised February 10, 2016.
Print this page
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok