http://migs.concordia.ca/web/privacy.html
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Human rights, conflict and technology
The Montreal Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies (MIGS) is Canada’s leading think tank working at the intersection of human rights, conflict and emerging technologies. The institute serves as a leadership and ideas incubator that convenes stakeholders with the goal of developing better policies to protect human rights.
Contact us
Newsletter
Donations
Podcast
YouTube
Former Prime Minister Paul Martin delivers keynote adress
wallenberg-event-montreal-620x304.jpg
Member of Parliament, Irwin Cotler (left) and LGen Roméo Dallaire
Syrian refugees.jpg
Lieutenant-General Romeo Dallaire
Featured projects
The Will to Intervene Project
The Will to Intervene (W2I) project organises conferences, policy briefings, specialised training sessions and civic dialogues to generate awareness recommend policies that can be put in place to make "never again" a reality.
Learn more
Milan Forum on Preventing Violent Extremism and Mass Atrocities
The Milan Forum for Parliamentary Action on Preventing Violent Extremism and Mass Atrocities is organized in partnership with the Montreal Institute of Genocide and Human Rights Studies (MIGS) and the Stanley Foundation. Agenda and videos.
Preventing Violent Extremism and Mass Atrocities: A Handbook for Parliamentarians
Model Parliamentary Resolution
Milan Plan of Action
Learn more
Podcast series
Our conversations with experts about human rights and global affairs
The Digital Mass Atrocity Prevention Lab
The Digital Mass Atrocity Prevention Lab (DMAP Lab) is a policy hub working to combat genocidal ideologies online and work as a counter force against extremists and their ideas.
Learn more
Mapping the Artificial Intelligence, Networked Hate and Human Rights Project
Better understanding the intersection between artificial intelligence and human rights with a special focus on the topic of online hate. This project is part of the DMAPLab.
Learn more
Canadian Coalition to Counter COVID Digital Disinformation
Learn more
Events
Past
Dec. 09
Conspiracy theories and COVID-19 disinformation
12 p.m. — 1 p.m.
Tomorrow
Dec. 11
Canada launch of the Global Terrorism Index
11 a.m. — 12 p.m.
Upcoming
Dec. 15
Vérification des faits et rôle des médias
10 a.m. — 11 a.m.
Media coverage
August 7, 2020
Media coverage January-June 2020
January 30, 2020
Media coverage June 2019 - January 2020
June 21, 2019
Media coverage January-May 2019
See more media coverage
MIGS newsletters and notices
November 18, 2020
Newsletter - November 2020
November 16, 2020
MIGS publishes new article in Politorbis
October 21, 2020
Newsletter - October 2020
Join the conversation
MIGS Facebook page
@MIGSinstitute
MIGS on LinkedIn
MIGS Youtube channel
MIGSInstitute
Tweets by @MIGSinstitute
MIGS gratefully acknowledges the support of: Concordia University, James Stanford, The Simons Foundation, The Dym Family Foundation, The Bosch Stiftung, Global Affairs Canada, The Nexus Fund and the Swedish Institute
Back to top
© Concordia University