https://mississippilime.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Mississippi Lime is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Mississippi Lime Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Mississippi Lime website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Mississippi Lime collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Mississippi Lime also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Mississippi Lime. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Mississippi Lime for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Mississippi Lime Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Mississippi Lime public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Mississippi Lime does not read any of your private online communications.
Mississippi Lime encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Mississippi Lime so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Mississippi Lime is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Mississippi Lime and Mississippi Lime family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Mississippi Lime collects and uses your personal information to operate the Mississippi Lime Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Mississippi Lime also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Mississippi Lime and its affiliates. Mississippi Lime may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Mississippi Lime does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Mississippi Lime may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Mississippi Lime may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Mississippi Lime, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Mississippi Lime does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Mississippi Lime keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Mississippi Lime, in order to determine what Mississippi Lime services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Mississippi Lime to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Mississippi Lime Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mississippi Lime or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mississippi Lime; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Mississippi Lime, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Mississippi Lime Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Mississippi Lime pages, or register with Mississippi Lime site or services, a cookie helps Mississippi Lime to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Mississippi Lime Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Mississippi Lime features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Mississippi Lime services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Mississippi Lime secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Mississippi Lime secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Mississippi Lime will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Mississippi Lime encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Mississippi Lime is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Mississippi Lime welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Mississippi Lime has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Mississippi Lime. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact Us
FAQs
Online Forms
HEADQUARTERS
Mississippi Lime Company
3870 S. Lindbergh Blvd., Ste 200
St. Louis, MO 63127-1308
(314) 543-6300
(800) 437-5463
(314) 543-6573
sales@mlc.com
Follow us on LinkedIn
NATIONAL SALES TEAM
Ted Frey
National Sales Manager South
South
Ph: (502) 432-3296
tpfrey@mlc.com
Chris Kitts
National Sales Manager North
Ph: (419) 554-4019
crkitts@mlc.com
Greg Andersen
National Sales Manager Specialty Products
Ph: (314) 960-9120
geandersen@mlc.com
REGIONAL SALES MANAGERS
Jennifer Huff
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (402) 607-5624
jjhuff@mlc.com
W.IA, KS, W.MO, OK, NE, SD, TX, AZ
Dan Okenfuss
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (314) 288-8928
djokenfuss@mlc.com
S.IL, MO, W.KY
Will O’Neal
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (731) 241-6609
rwoneal@mlc.com
AR, LA, MS, TN
Mike Pigage
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (706) 207-1808
mspigage@mlc.com
AL, GA, FL, S.TN, MS
Paul Pine
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (704) 657-2154
pmpine@mlc.com
IN, E.KY, NC, SC, VA
Chris Smoot
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (773) 294-0652
crsmoot@mlc.com
E.IA, IL, IN, MN, ND, WI
Greg Wicklund
Regional Sales Manager
Ph: (248) 613-8705
gpwicklund@mlc.com
MI, OH, PA, NJ, NY, WV, Canada
Andy Bergman
Accounts Manager
Ph: (440) 666-1138
awbergman@mlc.com