https://moodle.org/admin/tool/policy/viewall.php?returnurl=https%3A%2F%2Fmoodle.org%2F
Skip to main content
Go back to previous page
List of active policies
Name
Type
User consent
Privacy notice
Privacy policy
All users
Cookies policy
Other policy
All users
Privacy notice
Summary
This privacy notice relates to user accounts created on this site.
Full policy
Privacy and personal data
We take your privacy very seriously. In order to provide access to this site, we need to collect and store personal information about you.
What is collected?
We collect the data that you provide when creating an account, such as name and email. We also collect data about your activity on the site, including any contributions that you make.
How is this information used?
This information is only used to provide access to the online courses on this site.
How long is my data stored?
Your personal data is stored as long as your account is active on this site.
For our full data privacy policy please see the Moodle.com Privacy Notice (link opens in a new window).
Back to top
Cookies policy
Summary
Our Cookies policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we partner with may use cookies on this site, and your choices regarding cookies.
Full policy
Please read this policy in conjunction with our privacy notice, which sets out additional details on how we use personally identifiable information and your various rights.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the site or a third-party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for the Moodle servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our site and related functionalities. Cookies and web beacons allow us to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalise your experience on our site.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How Moodle uses cookies
When you use and access the site, we may place a number of cookie files in your web browser.
Moodle uses or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our site links, the length of time each user spends on any particular area of our site, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. To the extent that cookie data constitutes personally identifiable information, we process such data on the basis of your consent.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the site and we use different types of cookies to run the site:
Essential cookies. Necessary for the operation of the site. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, or offer site features.
Analytical/performance cookies. Allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around the site when using it. This helps us improve the way the site works.
Functionality cookies. Used to recognise you when you return to the site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. Record your visit to the site, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the site more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Site and refine marketing efforts.
Tracking cookies. Follow on-site behaviour and tie it to other metrics allowing better understanding of usage habits.
Optimization cookies. Allow real-time tracking of user conversion from different marketing channels to evaluate their effectiveness.
Partner cookies. Provide marketing conversion metrics to our partners so they can optimize their paid marketing efforts.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use some or all of the features we offer. You may not be able to log in, store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Cookies tables
The tables below list some of the internal and third-party cookies we use. As the names, numbers, and purposes of these cookies may change over time, this page may be updated to reflect those changes.
Moodle cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiration
More Information
MoodleSession
You must allow this cookie into your browser to provide continuity and maintain your login from page to page.When you log out or close the browser this cookie is destroyed (in your browser and on the server).
MOODLEID
It remembers your username within the browser. This means when you return to this site the username field on the login page will be already filled out for you.
It is safe to refuse this cookie - you will just have to retype your username every time you log in.
Third-party cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
More Information
__cfduid
Cloudflare: used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-Cloudflare-cfduid-cookie-do-__utma
Google Analytics: stores the amount of visits (for each visitor), the time of the first visit, the previous visit, and the current visit
__utmb
Google Analytics: used to check approximately how fast people leave: when a visit starts, and approximately ends
__utmc
Google Analytics: used to check approximately how fast people leave: when a visit starts, and approximately ends
__utmt
__utmz
Google Analytics: records whether the visitor came from a search engine (and if so, the search keyword used), a link, or from no previous page (e.g. a bookmark)
https://helpful.knobs-dials.com/index.php/Utma,_utmb,_utmz_cookies
Back to top