https://mosdkids.org/ways-to-help/ways-to-give.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Staff
Board of Directors
Voices of our Alumni
History
Contact Us
Careers
Educational Philosophy
What We Do
Schedule a Tour
Request an Appointment
Sound Beginnings
Sound Transitions
MOSD Preschool
Speech-Language Therapy
Audiological Services
Cochlear Implant Mapping
Other Services
Ways To Help
Make a Sound Investment
MOSD Alumni Give Back
Unique Ways to Give
Our Donors & Friends
MOSD Sound Investment Partners
MOSD Donors
Honorariums
Memorials
Foundations & Corporate Support
Special Thanks
Support Our Events
Wish List
News & Events
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Events Calendar
In The News
HEARSAY Newsletters
BLOG
Videos
For The Family
Hear The Hope
Just Diagnosed
Milestones
Family Resources
FAQ
Family Stories
Unique Ways to Give
Ways To Help
Make a Sound Investment
MOSD Alumni Give Back
Unique Ways to Give
Our Donors & Friends
MOSD Sound Investment Partners
MOSD Donors
Honorariums
Memorials
Foundations & Corporate Support
Special Thanks
Support Our Events
Wish List
Kroger Plus CardMOSD can earn cash rewards with every swipe of your Kroger Plus card! Go to www.krogercommunityrewards.com to register your card and select MOSD as your charitable organization. Buy gift cards for restaurants and shopping at Kroger to earn fuel points and help MOSD!
AmazonSmileFor every eligible Amazon purchase you make a donation will be made to MOSD. Go to smile.amazon.com and search for Memphis Oral School for the Deaf.
CaringCentRound up your credit and debit card purchases and donate that amount to MOSD. It’s “virtual change” that has a huge impact on our school!
Sound Investment Partner Give the gift of sound for a lifetime! Your gift each month helps the children of MOSD learn to listen and talk. Sign up here.
Shop to Support MOSD!Shop online at www.tobi.com and a percentage of your purchase will benefit MOSD! Click here http://www.tobi.com/#donation_program/212
Employer Matching GiftDouble your gift to MOSD! Many companies match gifts that employees make to charitable organization in the community. Ask your employer about their matching gift program and send the form along with your gift to MOSD.
Tribute GiftMake a contribution in honor of your child, grandchild or loved one or to celebrate a special occasion such as a birthday, anniversary, graduation or holiday. To make your gift online visit our donate page.
Wish ListIn an effort to keep costs down MOSD welcomes donations of items for classroom art projects, gift cards, school and other supplies. For the complete list of most needed and other items please see our wishlist.
Facebook
Powered by Firespring