http://motherboardbooks.com/privacypolicy/
You are here: Home / Privacy policyWhat personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Contact forms
These collect limited data for our newsletter, your name and email address. We never share your data with any third party. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Affiliate links
We may have affiliate links in our “bookstore” so we can earn a tiny bit more income from selling our books on Amazon. Any other affiliate on this site are flagged for the reader, in cases where we would recommend a book or other item to you anyway. Clicking on one of these stores your personal information so that future purchases of the item we are linking can be credited to us, with a (typically very small) payment from the retailer. These expire after a limited time, depending on the affiliate system.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos from Youtube). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics tracks your data, aggregated with others’ data, to inform us on how users are finding our website, how many there are, and so on.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Get Your Free Internet Scavenger Hunt!
A $12 value! Simply join my Creativity Newsletter mailing list for a very occasional mailing. Unsubscribe any time. I won't share your info with anyone. --Phyllis Wheeler, Motherboard Books
Subscribe to my mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
FacebookRSSTwitter