https://mticollege.edu/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
New Classes Start:
Jan 04, 2021
FAFSA Code: 008680; Cal Grant Code: 01291200
Apply
Menu
Programs
Admissions
Services
About
Blog
Contact
Talk to an Admissions Advisor: (916) 339-1500
Home » About » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About
Advantages
Accreditation
Compare
Disclosures
Student Concerns
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Visit
MTI College is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of the http://www.mticollege.edu web site (the “Site”) and the services offered through the Site, including affiliated sites, by way of example the email and other communications sent through those services (the “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Policy”) discloses MTI College’ information privacy practices for the Site and Services. This policy is intended to inform users of our Services and other visitors to the Site of the information collection and use practices of the Site and Services.
Collection and use of information.
MTI College collects information directly from the users of our Site and Services. MTI College also receives information regarding users from our customers and from other third parties. We will not sell, share, transfer, or use the information we collect from users or receive from our customers or other third parties regarding users other than as stated in this Policy.
In addition, we will not sell, share, transfer, or use the information we receive from our customers or from other third parties regarding users except in accordance with the directions of those customers and other third parties.
Collection and use of information by our customers and other third parties.
Certain of the web sites of MTI College’ customers, advertisers or affiliates and other third-parties may be accessible through the Site or through email or other communications sent through the Services. You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information (or other information) to these customers or other third parties through these web sites or through the communications sent to you through the Services, including by way of example when you click on a link on the Site to one of these other web sites or on a link in an email or other communication sent through the Services. These customers and third parties maintain their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. This Policy covers only information collected through the Site and Services and does not extend to our customers or any third parties.
MTI COLLEGE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE POLICIES OR PRACTICES OF OUR CUSTOMERS OR ANY THIRD PARTIES. YOU SHOULD REVIEW THE APPLICABLE PRIVACY POLICIES OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND ANY THIRD PARTIES BEFORE PROVIDING THEM WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
Collection and use of personally identifiable information by MTI College.
We only collect and use personally identifiable information regarding users of the Site or Services as described in this Policy. In addition, we do not process or use personally identifiable information that we collect or that is received from our customers or from other third parties in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it was collected or received or subsequently authorized by you. Except as noted in this Policy, personally identifiable information collected by MTI College on the Site or through the Services is NOT shared with third parties without your consent.
We may automatically collect personally identifiable information from you when you access the Site or use or access the Services. We may also collect personally identifiable information from you through a number of voluntary sources on the Site or through the Services, including through emails or other communications sent through the Services. For example, these sources may include responses, registrations, surveys, reviews, comments, confirmations, emails, postings, messages, telephone calls, written correspondence or other electronic submissions and communications sent by you to the Site or through the Services. The personally identifiable information we may collect from you will include, by way of example:
Domain name and Internet Protocol (IP) address;
E-mail address;
Contact information (including, name, address, zip code, country, and phone number);
Gender;
Financial information, such as account or credit card numbers;
User-specific and aggregate information on areas of the Site accessed and the Services used;
Username and password information for the Site or Services; and
Other information you volunteer to the Site, through the Services or through other means of communication, such as responses, registrations, surveys, reviews, comments, confirmations, emails, postings, messages, telephone calls, written correspondence or other electronic submissions and communications sent by you to the Site or through the Services.
YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE MTI COLLEGE WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (OR SUBMIT OR POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO THE SITE OR IN RESPONSE TO ANY EMAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION) UNLESS YOU WOULD LIKE THAT INFORMATION TO BE USED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY.
If you register for the Site or Services through a third-party, the personally identifiable information you have provided in connection with your registration may be imported into your account from the Services. The personally identifiable information we may collect from you will also include any information imported from any such third-party.
The personally identifiable information that MTI College collects from users of the Site or Services (both registered and unregistered) may be used for a variety of purposes, including by way of example:
Providing the Services;
Customizing advertising or other content displayed on the Site or through the Services;
Customizing the layout of the Site or Services;
Notifying users of the Site or Services about updates to and activities on the Site or Services and about goods and services that we feel may be of interest to you;
Improving the content of the Site or Services;
Analyzing data and patterns regarding usage of the Site or Services;
Contacting users of the Site or Services for marketing purposes; and
Contacting users of the Site or Services for information verification purposes.
We may also share certain personally identifiable information we collect through the Site or Services with third party companies so that they may offer products and services to users of our Site or Services that we believe will be of interest to those users. We may also share certain personally identifiable information with third party advertisement serving companies to better target the advertising and other content displayed on the Site or Services and provide pertinent offers we think may be of interest to our users.
Collection and use of non-personally identifiable information by MTI College.
Where possible, our server automatically recognizes and collects certain non-personally identifiable information regarding visitors to the Site and users of the Services, including by way of example, IP address, browser type, and other information regarding the system and connection of each visitor or user. We also collect information about how visitors access and use the Site and Services, including by way of example what pages of the Site are viewed and what portions of services are used. When providing the Services, we collect information regarding the performance of the Services, which includes metrics related to the deliverability of emails and other electronic communications. This information allows us to improve the content of the Site and Services, facilitate research and analysis of the Site and Services, and develop and refine our Services. Sometimes, we utilize the services of a third party to help us understand this information better, although the information that is disclosed to these entities remains at all times in anonymous and non-personally identifiable form. We may also provide this information to our customers in anonymous and non-personally identifiable form.
Children
The Site and Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. MTI College does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
Sensitive Information
MTI College does not knowingly solicit or collect, and you should not provide, any information regarding your medical or health condition, race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or other sensitive information.
Disclosure as required by law
Though we make every reasonable effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personally identifiable information of certain users of the Site or Services when we have a reasonable and good-faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to enforce the Terms of Use for the Site, comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal process, or to otherwise enforce or protect MTI College’ rights under applicable law, including, without limitation, MTI College’ intellectual property rights. In this situation we will use reasonable efforts to provide notice of this disclosure to all affected users, to the extent reasonably possible under the circumstances.
Service announcements and customer service
On occasion it is necessary to send out service related announcements. For instance, if the Site or any of the Services is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. We also communicate with users to provide customer service in accordance with our Terms of Service. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications without also deactivating their account and ceasing use of the Services. These communications are not promotional in nature.
Special offers and updates
We may send new registrants of the Site or Services a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members may occasionally also receive information on products, services and special deals, and periodic newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out section.
Choice and opt-out
We provide you with a choice whether to receive certain emails and other communications through the Site and Services.
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes. If you are a user of the Site or Services and you no longer wish to receive emails or other communications from us or have your email address or other contact information shared with third parties, you may opt-out of receiving email or other communications from us or having your email address or other contact information shared with third parties. Some communications (e.g. important account notifications and billing information) are considered transactional and are necessary for all MTI College customers. Customers must cancel your MTI College account to unsubscribe you from these communications.
In addition, if you would prefer that we not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
All opt-out requests can be made by emailing us at: frontdesk@mticollege.edu. Please note that it may take up to 10 days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request.
Cookies and web beacons
“Cookies” include commonly used pieces of information in the form of small files that are placed on an individual’s computer hard drive to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with the Site and Services. We may use cookies on the site or in communications sent through the Services for various purposes, including by way of example:
Saving user preferences;
Customizing content of the Site for individual users;
Ensuring that users are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads;
Recording session information;
Saving certain information about users of the Site and others who visit the Site; and
Facilitating and enhancing interaction with the Site.
MTI College does not use cookies to retrieve information from a computer that is unrelated to MTI College or the Site or Services.
A cookie does not collect or keep your name or other personally identifying information; however, we may link the information obtained through cookies to other personally identifiable information to give us a better understanding of your preferences, so that we can provide a more meaningful experience to you on our Site and through our Services.
“Web beacons” (also known as “single-pixel” or “clear” GIFs) include electronic images embedded in the Site or in communications sent through the Services which are invisible to users. Web beacons collect information, such as identifiers, time and date of access, and descriptions of the pages or communications in which the web beacons are embedded. The Site and communications sent through the Services may include web beacons. We may use the web beacons on the Site and in communications sent through the Services for various purposes, including by way of example to track users who have visited our Site, viewed advertisements on the Site or in communications sent through the Services, or otherwise accessed communications sent through the Services.
We may use an outside advertisement serving company to display advertisements on the Site or in communications sent through the Services. The advertisement serving company may place and collect cookies or web beacons when it displays an advertisement on the Site or through the Services. We do not have access to information that would confirm the use of cookies or web beacons by the advertisement serving company. We may also use a third party provider to analyze data and patterns regarding usage of the Site and the communications sent through Services. This third party provider may use cookies or web beacons to collect such information.
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You may also be able to refuse certain web beacons by adjusting the settings on your browser or email software. Please refer to your browser or email software instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Access, review and update of information
MTI College takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current. The users of the Site or Services should email us at frontdesk@mticollege.edu to review, delete, deactivate, update or change any personal information that was previously provided to or collected by MTI College.
Consent to the use of third party providers
In addition to the specific third parties noted in this Policy, MTI College may also contract with Agents to provide various services to MTI College relating to the Site or Services on an outsourced basis rather than performing the services itself (as used here, “Agents” are persons on companies who act on behalf of or under the direction of MTI College). For example, MTI College may contract with a web site hosting provider to host all or a portion of the Site or Services for MTI College.
Notification of changes
MTI College reserves the right to modify the AGREEMENTS at any time. Any modifications shall be effective upon the posting of the modified AGREEMENTS on MTI College’ Web site, whose URL is http://www.mticollege.edu/privacy-policy. YOU agree to review these AGREEMENTS periodically so that YOU are aware of any modifications. YOUR continued use of the SERVICE shall be deemed Your acceptance of the modified AGREEMENT.
Security
We will use at least industry standard security measures on the Site to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information. For example, our policy is that only those individuals who need your personally identifiable information to perform a specific job are granted access to that personally identifiable information. Likewise, all employees and contractors are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Verification
MTI College utilizes a self-assessment approach to ensure its compliance with this Policy. We regularly verify that this Policy is accurate, comprehensive, prominently displayed, completely implemented and in conformity with the Safe Harbor Principles and conduct our self-assessment on an annual basis. We appropriately train our employees and have internal procedures for conducting objective compliance reviews.
Contact Information
All inquiries concerning this Policy and the Site or Services in general may be sent to frontdesk@mticollege.edu.
Transfer of information
If MTI College elects, in its reasonable discretion, to transfer ownership or control of the Site or Services to a third party, whether or not in the context of an acquisition, merger, or reorganization, you consent to the transfer of your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information by MTI College to that third party, provided that all use of your information by that third party remains subject to the terms of this Policy.
Request Information
Your new career begins with a simple request for information. We can't wait to hear from you.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*QuestionsSourceSource VariablePagePage URL
Request Info
Close form X
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*QuestionsSourceSource VariablePagePage URL
Request More Information
Your new career begins with a simple request for information. We can’t wait to hear from you.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*QuestionsSourceSource VariablePagePage URL
CLOSE
CLOSE