https://my.alfred.edu/information-technology-services/web-standards/privacy-policy.cfm
Skip to main site navigation
Skip to main content
Home
ITS (Info Tech Services)
Web Standards
Website Privacy Policy
More In This Section Click to expose navigation links on mobile.
Web Standards
Responsibilities
Requirements
Prohibited Activity
Webpage Creation and Maintenance
Web Resources
Website Privacy Policy
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored by the user's web browser. Cookies are often used to remember information about preferences and pages you have visited. The university websites use cookies to store form information for reuse during user sessions. When a user closes their browser, the session ends, and the cookies applied are no longer used. Google Analytics uses this process to collect information about your sessions as well.
Google Analytics
The university uses a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information, such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they visited prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site and our users' experience. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to the user's computer/device on the date this site is visited, rather than names or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on a user's web browser to identify a unique user, the next time the user visits this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Users can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing them on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on their browser.
Back to Top