https://my.francis.edu/apps/sfu_policies/policy_detail_external.asp?policiy_id=587
Title: Web Privacy Policy
Responsible Office: IT Services
Policy
Administrator:
VP for Academic Affairs
Scope:
|Faculty
|Staff
|Student
|Public
Approved By: President's Council
Approved Date: 7/10/2019
Effective Date: 7/10/2019
Category: General Information
Description/Purpose:
SCOPE
Saint Francis University, located in Loretto, Pennsylvania, United States of America, provides the following information related to the privacy of users to the University's main website and other websites in the francis.edu domain (together, the "Sites").
PURPOSE
This privacy policy was established to address the collection, protection, and utilization of information that may be obtained by Saint Francis University through your use of the University's main website and other websites that we own or control (together, the "Sites").
Details:
POLICY STATEMENT
Information Collected by Saint Francis University
The University collects two kinds of information on the Sites: 1) Non-personal information that is automatically collected as you navigate the Site; and 2) Personal information that is voluntarily and actively supplied by you when visiting the Site and utilizing our online forms and applications. The University does not require you to identify yourself while using our public web page.
Information we collect automatically: We may automatically collect and store the following information when you visit our Sites:
The name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet;
The IP address assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our Site;
The date and time you access our Site;
The Internet address of the website which linked you directly to our Site; and
The pages you visit within our Sites.
Information you may provide voluntarily: In some instances while using our Sites, we may ask you to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally Identifiable Information may include your name, street address, email address, phone number, and any other information you provide through our online forms and applications.
Use and Sharing of Information
Saint Francis University may use this information in order to carry out its institutional mission, improve its Sites and services, and otherwise as permitted by applicable law.
The information automatically collected is for tracking user trends and site usage with the goal of improving the experience of our visitors and optimizing our Sites. Third-party software programs (e.g., Google Analytics) may be used for determining what information is of interest to visitors and identifying system performance or problem areas. More information on Google Analytics and how it collects and processes data is available at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
We use gathered information to track user trends and site usage with the goal of improving the experience of our visitors and optimizing our Sites. The personal information you voluntarily provide is typically used 1) as necessary for purposes of the University's or a third party's legitimate interest; 2) as necessary for performance of a contract with you; 3) as necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or 4) if you have provided consent.
We will retain your personal data only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
The University does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may provide aggregated statistical data to reputable third-party vendors, but this data will not include personally identifying information. We may release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce law; protect the rights, property or safety of Saint Francis University, our users, or others; or in compliance with subpoenas or other legal orders to release such information.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites, we may store some information on your computer in the form of cookies. Cookie use is not linked to any of your personally identifiable information while on our Sites.
Like most sites, we use cookies to collect information and to provide a better service for our users. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the Sites.
Information Protection
The University is committed to securing your personal information and keeping it confidential. When you access your personal information, we use a secure server. You can verify this by looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. We have adopted generally accepted industry standards in connection with our data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information stored on the Sites. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure however. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this privacy policy, the University is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
Be advised that any personal information you disclose to others through a University Site via message boards and chat rooms may be collected and used by others who are not under the control of the University.
Third Party Services and Links to External Sites
The Sites may contain links that lead to external websites that we neither own nor control. The University contracts with third party vendors to provide electronic payment options for various processes. If you wish to make a payment through the vendor, your Personal Information will be collected by the third party vendor and not by us, and will be subject to the third party's privacy policy rather than this Privacy Policy. The University is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or web accessibility needs on those websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party's collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The University offers children under the age of thirteen (13) the opportunity to participate in certain events such as camps, group events or promotions. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Saint Francis does not knowingly collect any Personal Information provided by children under the age of 13. The University requires a parent or guardian to provide the child's information when registering the child for camps, group events or promotions. As part of the online registration process for such services, we may request information such as a child's name, address, cell phone, email, gender, grade level, birth date, school attended, and clothing size. This information is never sold or otherwise provided to third parties.
YOUR EEA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are based within the European Economic Area (which means all the EU countries plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein) ("EEA"), in certain circumstances, you have the following rights:
the right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information, subject to certain limitations;
the right to have your information rectified or erased or to place certain restrictions on processing your information;
the right to object to the processing of or to erase your information in certain circumstances, e.g., for direct marketing purposes;
the right to have information you provided to us on an automated basis returned to you;
where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent subject to applicable restrictions, including legal or contractual restrictions; and
the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for data protection matters about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact information for national data protection authorities is available at https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080. Saint Francis University would appreciate the opportunity to receive and address your concerns as explained in the Questions or Complaints section of this policy.
The foregoing rights are subject to certain limitations. If you request a copy of your information, you may be required to pay a statutory fee.
CHANGES TO OUR WEB PRIVACY POLICY
The University reserves the right to modify this policy at any given time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Site home page and/or via email. The "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this policy was last revised. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Sites and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Your use of the Sites after any change in this Privacy Policy means that you accept the revised Web Privacy Policy.
COMMENTS
Questions and comments about this policy may be directed to us via email at academiccompliance@francis.edu or
Saint Francis University
Office of Academic Affairs
Attention: Director of Academic Compliance
P.O. Box 600
Loretto, PA 15940
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
In accordance with applicable law, you may lodge a complaint with the relevant privacy or data protection regulatory authority.
APPROVAL
President's Council 07-10-2019
Click for a printer friendly version
Return to the Previous page
Browsers and spiders that can't read iframe code will see this text instead.