http://myubcard.com/about/privacy
Skip to content
HomeUB CardGetting StartedManage GET AccountYour UB CardAcademic Books & Supplies AccountSubmit Card PhotoMobile IDReporting a Lost CardDining ServicesDining LocationsMenuNutritionDining EventsOne World CaféText to CommentFood TrucksSustainabilityThree Pillars CateringMeal PlansCampus CashDining PointsFlexiBULL BucksCampus ShopsShops LocationsBanking & StorageVendingCampus TeesLuv-a-Bull GiftsVendorsContact UsPrivacy and Use PolicyThe following discloses the information gathering and use practices of the Faculty Student Association of the State University of New York at Buffalo (a.k.a. Campus Dining & Shops) web sites, including myubcard.com and ubcampustees.com. In general it is the policy of Campus Dining & Shops to secure any information collected and use it only to provide information and services directly related to our role at the University at Buffalo.Information GatheringOur policy is not to collect information that can personally identify you when you visit our web sites unless you choose to provide the information to us or make a purchase from the web site. However, our web servers do automatically recognize some non-personal information. Specifically, when you visit any of the Campus Dining & Shops web sites, we may collect information regarding:Your Internet location (IP address).The web page from which you came to our site.The software (and its configuration) you use to visit our site.The dates and times you visit our site.The pages you visit on our site.Search words or terms.Use of CookiesA cookie is a simple text file stored by a web site on your computer by your web browser. The use of cookies is a standard practice of websites. They are used to distinguish you from other users of a web site. Cookies that we set are known as "session cookies" and their purpose is to allow our web site to recognize you on each page you visit to provide a consistent experience. Cookies are required to be active for the e-commerce portion of the web site to function correctly. The session cookies our site sets do not store or contain any personal information or credit card information and cannot be used by any other web site or company to identify you or your computer. The session cookies are erased upon closing your browser.Use of InformationWe collect information to improve the functionality and content of our web sites. We use the information gathered to adapt site content to user needs and to generate statistical reports that help answer questions about the usage and performance of the site or individual web pages. Web server logs are retained only on a temporary basis and then deleted completely from our systems. We do not associate or disclose site usage by individual IP addresses - unless required by legally enforceable queries or for investigation of security breaches. If you choose to share personal information with us, we will not sell that information to commercial entities. Some information must be retained for a designated period of time to comply with Federal or State records retention policies and may be released if required by freedom of information or public record laws. Most student information is confidential pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). If you choose to provide your e-mail address or other personal information to us, it will be used only by us and only to contact you for the reasons noted on the original request. You have the opportunity to remove yourself from the mailings at any time by following the instructions provided at the time of sign-up. You may also contact us. There are exceptions to this opt-out policy that pertain only to UB Card Holders and Campus Dining & Shops customers outlined in the UB Card and Campus Dining & Shops agreements.Contact UsIf you have questions or suggestions about this privacy statement, the practices of this web site, or your interactions with this site, please contact:Web AdministratorCampus Dining & Shops146 Fargo QuadBuffalo, NY 14261(716) 645-6344Contact UsDisclaimerOn occasion we may include links on our site to other web pages that we have no control over. We are not responsible for the policies of those web sites.Policy Last Reviewed on July 5, 2007 Terms Of Use PolicyATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS (TERMS), DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.Use of SiteThe Faculty Student Association of the State University of New York at Buffalo, Inc (FSA), also known as Campus Dining & Shops (CDS), authorizes you to view and download the materials at this website (Site) only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. Any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.DisclaimersTHE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.FSA's obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements. FSA further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this Site. FSA may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and FSA makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site. Consult our office or representatives for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityIN NO EVENT WILL FSA, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT FSA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.User SubmissionsFSA does not want to receive confidential information from you through this Site except where it is required and noted. Any material, information or other communication (Communications) you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. FSA will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. FSA and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Personally identifiable information that you submit to FSA for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with the FSA Online Privacy Statement. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.Links to Third-Party WebsitesLinks on this Site to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. FSA has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, FSA does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.Linking to this SiteYou may create links to this Site from other sites, but only in accordance with the terms of the Guidelines for Linking to FSA's Websites and in compliance with all applicable laws.TrademarksFSA and the University at Buffalo and the names and marks of FSA and the University at Buffalo referenced herein are either trademarks and/or service marks or registered trademarks and/or service marks of FSA, the University at Buffalo and/or its subsidiaries and departments. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.GeneralFSA administers this Site from its offices in Buffalo, New York. FSA makes no representation that materials or services at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation US export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. FSA may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.Note: Anyone linking to FSA's website must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to FSA's Websites and all applicable laws.Guidelines for Linking to FSA's WebsitesA site that links to FSA's website:May link to but not replicate FSA contentShould not create a browser or border environment around FSA content without prior permissionShould not imply that FSA is endorsing it or its productsShould not misrepresent its relationship with FSAShould not present false information about FSA products or servicesShould not use the FSA, CDS or Campus Tees logo without permission from FSAShould not use the University at Buffalo logo without permission from The University at BuffaloShould not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups