https://nant-y-cwm.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer Skip to footer navigationFacebookInstagram +44(0)1437 563640 info@nant-y-cwm.co.ukWho we areOur website address is: https://nant-y-cwm.co.uk.What personal data we collect when visiting our website and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsWe may process information contained in or relating to any communication
that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data
may include the communication content and metadata associated with the
communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with
communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence
data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and
record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is [our legitimate
interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business
and communications with users].EmailsWhen you send an email to the email address displayed on our website, we
collect your email address and any other information you provide in
that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information
contained in any signature block in your email). The legal basis for
this processing is [our legitimate interests, namely responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of
correspondences]Google FormsThis website uses Google Forms. The data that is entered in the form is only transmitted to Nant-y-Cwm Steiner School’s G Suite if you submit the form by clicking on the corresponding Submit button. The legal basis for this processing is [our legitimate interests, namely solving problems and enhancing our services]CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Toolset plugin cookies – this is used by our Toolset plugin (Toolset Types) to properly provide functionality based on user status.Loginizer cookies – this is used by the Loginizer plugin to provide brute force security in logins by monitoring user cookies.How can I control the cookie preferences?Different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and clear cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.External data processorsG Suite is a tool for providing services which are available over the internet. We use Google Forms to collect and Google Drive to store information relating to events, family feedback and staff questionnaires. Data is stored securely inside Nant-y-Cwm Steiner School’s G Suite.G Suite is General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant. Information about Google’s compliance with international legal obligations on data protection can be seen in the Data Processing Amendment to G Suite and/or Complementary Product Agreement, which describes the extensive measures established for data security.AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google
Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The
information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. The results of these reports are anonymised and no personally identifiable information is presented. Google’s privacy policy is available at: policies.google.com/privacy.Who we share your data withWe may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of
companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and
all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes,
and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional
advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining
or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal
claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or
out-of-court procedure.In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this
section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital
interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal
data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an
administrative or out-of-court procedure.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.We keep your personal data for as long as we need to for the purposes for which it was collected or (if longer) for any period for which we are required to keep personal data to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your contact informationThis website is owned and operated by Peter Jewell.Our address is Nant-y-Cwm Steiner School, Llanycefn, Nr Clynderwen, Pembrokeshire SA66 7QJ.You can contact us:by post, to the address given above;using our website contact form;by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; orby email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact Jonathan Martin using any of the methods provided in the list above.You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.Additional informationHow we protect your dataThe security of your personal information is of paramount importance to
us and we use a wide range of technical and organisational security
measures to safeguard it, including physical, electronic, and procedural
controls.What data breach procedures we have in placeWe protect customer data with the following website features:We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout our site. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.Databases are sanitized (actual user personal details are removed) before deploying to development or testing environment.The software used to run this website is constantly updated as and when updates, including security updates, become available.In case of a data breach, System Administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.What third parties we receive data fromWe receive no data from third parties other than analytics information (refer to the Analytics section above).What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataWe do not use automated decision-making. Regarding profiling, we use the tracking tool Google Analytics (refer to the Analytics section above).Industry regulatory disclosure requirementsWe have no industry regulatory disclosures.The personal data we collect from parents/carers and pupilsA General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) notice to inform the parents/carers and pupils of our company, Nant-y-Cwm School Limited, of the types of data we process about you, the reasons for processing your data, the lawful basis that permits us to process it, how long we keep your data for and your rights regarding your data.FooterAbout UsVisitors to Nant-y-Cwm comment on the warmth, stillness, vitality and sense of well-being that they feel. Through our work with the children, supporting and guiding them as they begin a life-long love of learning, we foster these qualities so that each child can identify, explore and develop their personal strengths.More About UsConnect with UsNant-y-Cwm Steiner School, Llanycefn, Nr Clynderwen, Pembrokeshire, SA66 7QJ
Map
+44(0)1437 563640
info@nant-y-cwm.co.uk
Facebook
InstagramOur NewsTo find out what’s happening read the latest news posts on our website or subscribe to our Facebook page.Members Of
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy Policy