https://nationalschool.ca/privacy-policy/
English school of Canada | study English in Canada
FacebookTwitterSkypeMailEspañol
Français
English school Ottawa | English courses Ottawa with NSL
Home
About Us
Programs
English Camp
English Immersion with Leadership
Parent & Child
High School in Ottawa
Activities
Weekly Activities
Trips
Homestay
Location
Testimonials
Downloads
Fees
Register
Contact
Search
Menu
Termsof USE
Privacy Policy
What is personal information?
Personal information may include such information as your name, email address, mailing addresses, financial information, birth dates and information collected electronically via cookies.
Does NSL Camps ask for personal information?
Possibly. NSL Camps will ask for your name, address, email address, and other personal information when you apply to one of our programs.
How does NSL Camps use information it gathers about me?
NSL Camps collects and uses your name, email address and other personal information, for example, to provide you with a product or service that you requested. This information also enables NSL Camps to develop and customize products or services to better meet your needs and preferences and to offer you products and services from NSL Camps.
How does NSL Camps protect the privacy of children?
The privacy of children is important to us. Your children should always ask you for permission before sending personal information to NSL Camps, or to anyone else. Any personal information we gather from children under the age of 18 would be used solely for demographic purposes. We will not knowingly send direct mailings, including email or other correspondence to anyone who indicates that they are younger than 18 years.
Does NSL Camps use IP addresses?
NSL Camps collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to create aggregate statistical reports.
What else should I know about protecting my privacy?
Generally speaking, whenever you disclose personal information online, that information may be intercepted, collected and used. That goes for information disclosed on message boards, in chat areas – or even in email. If you post personal information online, that information may be intercepted and may be accessible to the public and may expose you to unsolicited messages. NSL Camps is not responsible if that information is intercepted. As a result, you transmit information to anyone at your own risk.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
National School Language Camps
3332 McCarthy Road,
P.O. Box 37029
Ottawa, Ontario K1V 0W0 Canada
or Contact Us online
Programs at NSL
English Camp
English Immersion
Parent & Child
Weekly Activities
Saturday Trips
Ottawa Homestay
Parent Testimonials
Camp Location
Files to Download
CAMP LOCATIONWork for USAgents
Job Opportunities
Host a Summer Student
Host a Longterm Student
Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Programs
English Camp
English Immersion with Leadership
Parent & Child
High School in Ottawa
Activities
Weekly Activities
Trips
Homestay
Location
Testimonials
Downloads
Fees
Register
Contact
CONTACT
NSL Camp Address
(Summer Only)
Saint Paul University
223 Main Street
Ottawa, ON
K1S 1C4 Canada
Mobile: 1-613-265-8855
Telephone: 1-613-673-4646
Skype: sharencraignsl
Email: sharen@nationalschool.ca
English school Ottawa |
English courses Ottawa |
English courses in Ottawa |
Ottawa English |
English classes Ottawa |
English school in Ottawa |
Learn English in Ottawa |
Learn English Ottawa |
English classes in Ottawa |
Study English in Ottawa |
English summer camp Ottawa
© Copyright 2019 NSL - Powered by educamia
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more
Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.