https://naturalsciences.org/about/privacy-information
Data Usage
The Museum/Friends of the Museum does not collect personal information about visitors to our websites unless you choose to provide that information to us.
The Museum does not sell, exchange or release your personal information to parties outside the Museum without your consent.
Disclaimer
Information presented on the Museum websites is provided for the convenience of the visitor. While every effort is made to keep the site accurate and up-to-date, information is subject to change without notice. Under no circumstances shall the State of North Carolina be liable for any actions taken or omissions made from reliance on any information contained herein from whatever source nor shall the State be liable for any other consequences from any such reliance.
The Museum automatically collects and stores the following information from its Web visitors:
The Internet domain and IP address used to access the site
The type of browser and operating system used to access the site
The date and time the site was accessed
The pages, files, documents and links accessed
The address of the referring website
The Museum uses this information to learn about the number of visitors to the site and how the site is used in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used in the aggregate only, and will not be used to personally identify visitors.
Cookies
In addition to information collected automatically, we may also collect cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit.
Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. When you register on the website,
cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit.
You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you so choose, you may still gain access to most of the Museum's site, but you may not be able
to conduct certain types of transactions (such as shopping) or take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered.
Personal Information
The Museum's website will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for
example, sending emails, completing membership forms, registering for classes, events, or other programs, responding to
surveys or ordering merchandise. We may also contact you to provide information about Museum events, activities,
programs, membership and development opportunities or products that may interest you.When we send you such
information by email, you will always have an immediate opportunity to decline further communication. Please use the
contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name. If you are uncertain
about whom to contact, you may contact our webmaster.
Children and Privacy
The Museum is concerned about protecting children\'s privacy. We do not collect personally identifiable information from children. There are some areas of the site where children may post messages or provide feedback, but children are discouraged from providing personal information. If a visitor known to be a child (under the age of 13) sends an email to the Museum, we will only use it to respond to the writer and not to create profiles or otherwise retain the information.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to ensure that all credit card transactions that occur on the website are secure. When you submit your credit card for any purchase the transaction is encrypted using SSL to prevent your credit card information from being seen as it travels over the Internet. For security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we may monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.Unauthorized access is prohibited and may result in legal action.
Links to Other Sites
Within the Museum's website there are links to non-Museum sites. The Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices nor the content of third-party websites.
Comments
The Museum is a large organization with many people sharing responsibility for the content of our websites. Please
help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them to the appropriate department. You may consult our staff directory to help determine which staff member you should contact. If you have questions
about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at museum@naturalsciences.org.
Welcome
History
Mission & Values
State Government
Director
Leadership
Advisory Commission
Friends of the Museum
Staff Directory
Volunteers & Interns
Inclusion
Black Lives Matter
I.D.E.A. (RACE)
Job Opportunities
Press Contacts
Contact Us
Privacy Information
Terms of Use
SUPPORT THE MUSEUM WITH A DONATION
Donate now