http://new.library.arizona.edu/policies
Skip to content
Responding to COVID-19
Visit Weaver Library or chat and email with us on Sunday through Thursday 9am-12 midnight, Friday 9am-9pm, and Saturday 9am-5pm. We’re providing limited services in the Main Library lobby. The Health Sciences Library is open to Health Sciences affiliates. Learn more about access during COVID-19.
Library policies
We want the library to be a welcoming space for everyone! Here are some tips when using our buildings, services, and other resources.
Access to services and resources
Our primary mission is to support the UA community, so some services and resources are available only to UA students, faculty, and staff. Arizona residents can borrow materials by purchasing a community user card. Others are welcome to visit us to get access to non-restricted resources, collections, services, and facilities.
Ask us
Need help finding materials or using library resources? We can help you at any Ask Us desk or by phone, email, or chat. See our email and chat reference policies.
Building access
During public hours our libraries and collections are open to everyone. UA affiliates can use their CatCard to access some library buildings during late night hours. Children under age 15 need to be accompanied by an adult except when using government documents. See access policies.
Code of Conduct
The library is safe space where everyone can work free of disruptive, threatening, and illegal behavior. Check out our code of conduct.
Collections principles & policies
See our policies for:
collection parameters
campus film screenings
library resources for noncredit courses
Required Readings Shelf
and more
Computer use
We have computers available for UA affiliates at each library location. Community users can also use public computers at the Weaver Science-Engineering Library. See computer access and use policies.
Display of materials
UA groups, organizations, and departments are welcome to post flyers on designated bulletin boards at the Health Sciences Library and the Fine Arts Library. Please post only one copy and do not post political or fundraising materials.
Donation of materials
See our policy. Please contact one of our librarians if you have questions.
Food & drink
You don't need to starve when working in the library! You are welcome to bring snacks and drinks—just be careful to keep library materials and furniture clean. See our code of conduct for food/drink policies.
Lockers
Need to stash your stuff when you are on campus? UA students can use short-term lockers on the third floor of the Main Library (but please, no food or drinks). Do not leave materials overnight—lockers will be cleared periodically. We aren't responsible for any lost or damaged property stored in lockers.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Read our privacy statement.
Quiet floors
Most library areas are fine for conversations and cell phones (just use your inside voice). But if you are looking for quiet space head to one of the quiet study floors or other quiet areas.
Smoking & vaping
In compliance with campus policy, smoking and vaping are not allowed in any part of any library building.
Select University policies
CatCard policies
UA computing policies
UA nondiscrimination and anti-harassment policy
UA student policies & procedures, including codes of conduct
WiFi policies