https://news.harvard.edu/gazette/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Harvard Gazette website, news.harvard.edu. Please note that Harvard University and Harvard Schools, Centers, and other Harvard units and affiliates have separate privacy policies. By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What information do we gather about you?
We and our third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of news.harvard.edu, such as your IP address and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on news.harvard.edu will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing news.harvard.edu. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information. We also collect other information as described in this policy.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information we gather from you for systems administration purposes, abuse prevention, and to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this policy.
User information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users. For example, we use third parties such as Chartbeat and Google Analytics to generate reports on site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and user interests in order to optimize our website for our visitors. We also use geographic, demographic, and interest-based reports of our website visitors to create custom audience lists. We prohibit any third parties who receive user information for this purpose from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services for the benefit of our users.
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.
How is this information collected and how can you opt out?
Google and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. For more information on Google Analytics, consult their terms of use, privacy practices, and ads settings. You can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Other Websites and Cookies
This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Soundcloud or other social media services for which news.harvard.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Email Subscriptions
The Harvard Gazette allows you to subscribe online and receive the Harvard Gazette via email. If you no longer wish to receive the Harvard Gazette via email, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions located near the bottom of the transmitting email.
Email Policy
If you subscribe to an email list or send us an email, the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. We will not share, sell, rent, swap, or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
If you send us email messages, you should be aware that information disclosed in email may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in email.
User-Generated Content (Including Comments and Profiles)
We offer opportunities for you to engage in Gazette news discussions on news.harvard.edu, including submitting comments and replies on selected news stories. Your comments and your name as the comment author will be public on the Gazette news site once a comment or reply is approved for submission on the website. Comments may be accepted or rejected at the discretion and approval of website moderators.
User-Generated Content Conditions
You must not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish on to the Gazette news website any defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise illegal material. You agree that you will not deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages, or “spam.” You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual preference, age, disability, or health condition. You may not impersonate another user, Harvard University staff member, or Harvard Gazette correspondent by choosing a similar screen name. You must disclose conflicts of interest.
You acknowledge that any submissions you make to this website may be rejected, edited, removed, modified, published, and displayed on the Gazette News website and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. Submissions made to the website may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs, and made available for republishing through other formats.
We reserve the right to delete, move, or edit submissions that we deem abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
By making a submission, you are consenting to its display and publication on the website and for related online uses.
Information Protection
This site has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Users Located in the European Economic Area
If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the “European Economic Area”), please click here for additional information about ways that certain Harvard University Schools, Centers, units and controlled entities, including this website, may collect, use, and share information about you.
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
Effective Date
The effective date of this policy is January 10, 2018.