https://newteachercenter.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 26, 2015
Last Updated Date: November 19, 2015
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the NTC Terms of Use. The term ” NTC,” “we,” and “us” includes New Teacher Center and our affiliates and subsidiaries. The Privacy Policy explains how NTC may:
collect,
use, and
disclose information we obtain through the “Site.”
The “Site” means the websites and web pages located at newteachercenter.org that link to these Terms and any associated Internet service under NTC’s control, whether partial or otherwise. The Site provides an online platform that provides resources related to NTC’s work in teacher and school leader support as well as school conditions surveys.
“Personal Information” can be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.
“Personal Information” means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
The Site Collects Your Information
We collect Personal Information when you:
create an account,
use the Site,
make a purchase, and
communicate with us.
We also collect information, such as anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the Site.
Account Information. You may need to create an account to make a purchase or access certain content provided by NTC. To create an account, you may need to provide Personal Information, such as your name, email address, and password. You may also provide other optional information.
Using the Site. We collect information you provide through the Site. For example, when you interact with other users by participating in forum discussions and commenting on blog posts, the Site will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information. We also collect any information you submit to register for events.
Making Purchases and Payments. When you purchase a product, you may need to provide us with address information for processing your transaction and delivering the product. When you make payments through the Site, you may need to provide financial account information, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store such financial account information, though we may receive summary information about transactions that does not include credit card or bank account numbers.
Customer Support. We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies. The Site collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including your preferences and anonymous usage statistics.
When you use the Site, we and our third-party partners, such as analytics providers, use “cookies” and other similar technologies to collect information about how the Site is used. Our partners also may collect information about your online activities over time and on other websites or apps. You may be able to change browser settings to block and delete cookies when you access the Site through a web browser. However, if you do that, the Site may not work properly.
By using the Site, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the Site.
How NTC Uses Your Information
We use Personal Information to:
facilitate and improve our services; and
communicate with you.
We may use aggregate information for any purpose, including for marketing purposes.
Internal and Service-Related Usage. We use information, including Personal Information, for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to third parties to allow us to facilitate the Site. We may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
Communications. We may send email to the email address you provide to us for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
Marketing. We may use information, including Personal Information, to facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
Aggregate Data. We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Site and use it for any purpose.
NTC May Disclose Your Information
We may share your information:
with our third-party vendors and service providers;
to comply with legal obligations;
to protect and defend our rights and property; and
with your permission.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
We Use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the Site.
Displaying to Other Users. The content you provide to the Site may be displayed on the Site. Other users of the Site may be able to see some information about you, such as any videos you post. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
Marketing. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to enable the delivery of online advertising on this website, or otherwise facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose collected information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of NTC assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.
With Your Permission. We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
INFORMATION Security
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Site or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Site is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@newteachercenter.org. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
International Users
By using the Site, you will transfer data to the United States.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION OR POSE A QUESTION OR SUGGESTION
If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the Site or otherwise, or if you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to privacy@newteachercenter.org.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
We may revise this Privacy Policy, so review it periodically.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information. From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
Contact Information
Attn: Legal Department
New Teacher Center
1205 Pacific Avenue
Suite 301
Santa Cruz, CA 95060
privacy@newteachercenter.org
Collect Content