https://nha.org/administration/policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
AdministrationPoliciesPrivacy Policy
Share on
Personal Information
The Nantucket Historical Association (NHA) respects your privacy and has instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our website. The information we collect is used to improve the content of the site. The information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you have supplied us with your email address, postal address, or telephone number online, you may receive periodic email, mailings and telephone calls about promotions and upcoming events. If you do not want to receive such information from us in the future, please contact us.
Credit Card Information
This website uses SSLA Secured processing for all online access including to encrypt credit card information provided as part of an online donation, or an order placed through our online shop. This eliminates the risk of the decoding of that information by anyone other than the NHA for the purposes of processing your order or donation. To check the security of your connection, look at the bottom of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then the secured processing is active. You can also verify secured processing by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from http to https.
Cookies
Cookies may be used in connection with this site. A cookie is a small amount of identifier data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computers hard drive. By using cookies, information is potentially collected without your express knowledge. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but permit you to change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. While refusal to accept cookies will not prevent the use of some portions of this site, other portions of this site may not function properly without cookies.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. The NHA privacy practices may differ from these other sites. The NHA is not responsible for the privacy policy of any website linked to from this site.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Googles ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Changes to this policy
The NHA reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any error or omissions in any portion of this website. From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
If you have questions or feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
The Nantucket Historical Association preserves and interprets the history of Nantucket through its programs, collections, and properties, in order to promote the islands significance and foster an appreciation of it among all audiences.
>
>