https://notmykid.org/privacy-policy/
(602) 652-0163
info@notmykid.org
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo Pinterest
Privacy PolicynotMYkid, Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to our website, https://www.notmykid.org/ (the “Site”), and strives to maintain the privacy and security of our visitors’ personal information. Use of any information gathered from or about you through this website shall be governed by the Site’s Terms of Use. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy in full to learn how we treat your personal information while visiting our Site and we encourage you to check back regularly for any updates.
Why and how do we collect personal information?We collect personal information in various ways to better serve you. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and other relevant data that will better allow us to provide information relevant to your specific need or inquiry. We generally do not require this information to obtain access to our Site, but might ask you for this information when you correspond with us or request additional information. This information allows us to process your request correctly and to respond appropriately to your communications. We also collect aggregate information, which is information about use of our website, such as pages visited on the Site and overall duration of time spent on our Site. The information we collect depends on what services and features you use on our Site.
notMYkid, Inc. reserves the right, without any obligation, to monitor, to the extent reasonably, your use of this Site, for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the Terms of Use. notMYkid, Inc. reserves the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or content which it deems in its discretion may be harmful to notMYkid, Inc., its affiliates, or to users, or that may violate the law.
How do we disclose personal information?We do not sell information that identifies our visitors personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly without our visitors’ consent. If you choose to submit personally identifiable information to us regarding any content contained on our Site, we may distribute this information, only as necessary, for purposes related to our products and services. While we endeavor to maintain the confidentiality of all material submitted that is marked as confidential by the submitter, we cannot accept, and hereby expressly disclaim any liability from losses relating to the unauthorized disclosure or inter-ception via the Internet of any information that you submit.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information. We may disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, governmental request or to respond to a subpoena; as necessary to operate this Site; to protect the safety, rights or property of notMYkid, Inc., its affiliates, or users of this Site; and as otherwise permitted under the Privacy Policy. We will endeavor to ask for and obtain your permission before sharing your information with anyone, unless we believe in good faith disclosure is necessary for the public interest or required by law.
How do we protect personal information?notMYkid, Inc. takes physical, electronic and managerial precautions in our effort to secure against unauthorized access and use of any data you send us. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information any time you are on the Internet by changing any passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers, and making sure you use a secure browser, among other measures.
Other things you should know about our commitment to privacy.This Site may contain links to other sites, and we cannot accept and are not responsible for maintaining your privacy once you leave our Site. When you click on any links or banners on our Site that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of any and every website you visit, whether you are linking from our Site or browsing on your own.
notMYkid, Inc. does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or individuals under 18 years of age or send requests for personal information to those under the age of 18. Please ensure that you do not allow those under the age of 18 to submit any personal information without your permission. If you wish to verify any voluntary information collected about you, or if you wish to be removed from our database, please contact a notMYkid, Inc. representative.
notMYkid, Inc. reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our site. The changes will only affect the information we collect after the date of the change to our Privacy Policy.
If we are going to use your personal information in a way that is different from the Privacy Policy at the time of collection, we will try to contact you via email using the most recent information we have. If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, and we will not use your personal information in the new manner.
This Privacy Policy was last updated March of 2013.
Translate »
Pin It on Pinterest