https://nouse.co.uk/pages/about/policies.php#cookie-policy
Friday, December 11
Advertise
Team
About
Join
Editor Login
News
Comment
Campus Comment
Campus Satire
Columnists
Editorials
National Comment
The Last Word
Muse
Arts
A World Of Voices
Arts Editor
Arts Features
Arts Reviews
BLM Book Club
Books
Edinburgh Fringe
Upcoming Arts Events
You Are What You Read
Columns
Fashion
Fashion Editor
Fashion Features
Ones to Watch
Shows
Street
The Shoot
Trends
Features
Film & TV
Film Reviews
Short Films
Festivals
Interviews
Film News
Top 5
TV
Food & Drink
Culture Series
Food & Drink Features
Restaurant Reviews
The Recipe
Gaming
Gaming Features
Gaming News
Gaming Reviews
Music
Band of the Week
Music Editor
Music Features
Music News
Music Reviews
Nouse Playlist
Travel
Politics
Analysis
Brexit
Domestic Politics
Party Profiles
Global Politics
Party Profiles
Politics Column
Politics News
Special Reports
This House
Business
Business Comment
Business Features
Business News
Science
Sport
College Cup
College Notebook
Football
Premier League
World Cup
Futsal
Hockey
Lacrosse
Netball
Other Sports
Roses
Roses Live Blogs
Rugby
Sport Comment
Sport News & Features
Stat Zone
The Mixer
Top Sport Story
Varsity
Volleyball
Water Sports
York Sport Column
Cartoons
Freshers
Campus
Colleges Guide
Freshers Sport
Societies Archive
Societies Guide
YUSU
City
Domestic Survival
Freshers Lifestyle
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Website Policies
Disclaimer
The views expressed in this publication are not necessarily those of the editorial board, writers or
advertisers. While we try to ensure that the information we provide is correct, mistakes do occur
and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of our material. If you do notice any mistakes then please let
us know.
The design and content of the printed newspaper and of the website are copyright of
Nouse and material from the newspaper should not be reproduced without prior
permission. Any complaints should be directed to the editor; see the contact page for details.
All comments posted are the responsibility of the poster, and Nouse does not necessarily
agree with or endorse any opinions expressed. However, we do maintain the right not to publish
comments or to remove or edit them without notice. It is not our intention to impede freedom of
speech however we have to ensure that the comments system is used for constructive and relevant
discussion. Nouse makes no claim as to the validity of the claimed origin of the comment,
however if impersonation is discovered the offending comment will be deleted and the commenter may
be prohibited from commenting again.
Nouse is not responsible for the content of any external internet sites linked to.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy will be protected at all times, and email addresses and social media account
information supplied to us will never be shared with a third party except in the case where
impersonation is discovered and the truthful origin of the comment is needed. It is necessary to
record this information to protect the site from spam and occasionally to contact you, and it is
therefore important that you supply a valid email address or social media account.  Nouse
may require you to verify your email address using an emailed activation link or code before
allowing you to comment or use certain other features of the site.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help
the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use
of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in
the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the
website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services
relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third
parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on
Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You
may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please
note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using
this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the
purposes set out above.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These
companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number)
about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like
to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar tools on our website, to enhance your user experience and help us improve
our website. This policy explains how we do that.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you
first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your
device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We
use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
There are many functions cookies serve. For example, they can help us to remember your username
and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content
we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies contain personal information – for example, if you click to “remember me” when
logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that
identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and
use our websites, or a user’s general location.
What sort of cookies does Nouse use?
Generally, our cookies perform up to three different functions, in descending order of importance:
Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies allow us to
identify registered users and allow them to access the "back-end" sections of the website.
Functionality Cookies
We use functionality cookies to remember your preferences, to remember your name when you comment on
an article, and to remember whether you have voted in a poll.
Performance Cookies
We use other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website
performance. This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and
quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we might use performance cookies
to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most
effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages.
Does anyone else use cookies on the Nouse website? Advertisers sometimes use
their own cookies to provide you with targeted advertising. For example, advertisers may use a
profile they have built on sites that you have previously visited to present you with more relevant
advertisements during your visit to nouse.co.uk. We believe that it is useful to our users to see
advertisements that are more relevant to their interests.
We also use or allow third parties to serve cookies that fall into the categories above. For
example, like many websites, we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic. When
you share an article on Facebook or Twitter using the buttons provided, third-party cookies may
again be used.
Can a website user block cookies?
As we’ve explained above, cookies help you to get the most out of our website.
However, if you do wish to disable our cookies then you might find the instructions found in this BBC article helpful.
Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of
our website do not work properly.