http://nutrition.tufts.edu/about/policies-and-procedures
Skip to main content
Information for Students
Faculty
Staff
Alumni
Friends
Healthy living
News & Events News
Events
Speaker Series
Find Faculty
Give
Search>
Start Search
Policies and Procedures
Privacy
Tufts University respects the privacy of people who visit or use nutrition.tufts.edu. This privacy statement reflects the current information practices of Tufts University.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about any user or survey respondent unless the person voluntarily provides such information.
At your request, we will remove your contact information from our files.
Office of Equal Opportunity
Tufts' Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) is guided by a commitment to ensuring equal opportunity is provided for all members of the Tufts community. We further this work by ensuring that the University maintains compliance with all federal, state, and local laws pertaining to affirmative action, anti-discrimination, and the Americans with Disabilities Act. OEO serves the University to resolve complaints of discrimination and harassment and to set forth University policies and guidelines that pertain to these areas.
Visit the Office of Equal Opportunity page for more information.
OEO Policies
OEO Policies and Procedures Brochure
Americans with Disability Act Policy
Nondiscrimination Policy
Sexual Harassment Policy
Tufts University Title IX Liaisons
OEO Grievance Procedures
OEO Grievance Form
Tufts Threat Assessment and Management
Tufts is committed to maintaining a safe environment where all students, faculty, and staff can learn, work, and live without threat of violence. That is why President Monaco created TTAM, a group that allows members of the community to safely and confidentially report threats of violence. TTAM also responds to any threats by partnering with other health and safety organizations on campus. Recognizing and reporting early signs of a potentially dangerous situation are crucial to preventing violence and enhance the university’s ability to provide assistance to community members who may be in distress. Read more.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords students certain rights with respect to their education records.
Read the entire policy
Friedman School Policies
Policies and Procedures Handbook for Degree Students
Faculty Handbook
Tobacco Free Boston Campus
Effective April 16, 2012, the Boston Health Services campus prohibits smoking on university property and areas directly around entrances. Read full release