http://nutrition.tufts.edu/academics/degree-programs/food-nutrition-policy-programs
Skip to main content
Information for Students
Faculty
Staff
Alumni
Friends
Healthy living
News & Events News
Events
Speaker Series
Find Faculty
Give
Search>
Start Search
Academics
Degree Programs
Food and Nutrition Policy and Programs
Food and Nutrition Policy and Programs
The FANPP Program offers interdisciplinary training for students seeking careers to improve food policy and food security and nutrition outcomes in industrialized and developing countries. Many applicants have academic backgrounds in related areas, including economics, political science, anthropology, as well as nutrition and the biological sciences, or come to food and nutrition from other fields.
Learn More About How to Apply
Contact the Program Director
Request More Information
OverviewFacultyCurriculumCoursesAffiliationsInternshipsCareers/Alumni
The Food and Nutrition Policy and Programs (FANPP) Program offers a multidisciplinary curriculum in nutrition science, statistics, economics, and food policy.
This program is in the Division of Food and Nutrition Policy and Programs.
Prerequisites
To be eligible, applicants must have completed a Bachelor's degree, and have demonstrated their commitment and ability to succeed in the FANPP program through previous coursework, including at least one course in general biology or chemistry, plus employment and volunteer experience. The GRE will be optional for all programs the 2021 application cycle.  Applicants to the Ph.D. program are strongly encouraged to submit GRE scores as they can be helpful in the Admissions Committee’s assessment of readiness for doctoral study. Read more about this new change in admissions policy and what it means for your application to the school.
For students taking the GRE who seek to refresh their verbal and quantitative skills, self-study materials and sample questions are available from the Educational Testing Service. Students whose native language is not English must meet TOEFL or IELTS requirements.
Master of Science
For the Master of Science program, a personalized learning experience is built around forty-eight semester hour units of coursework, including a set of core requirements, specialization requirements, and electives. In addition to the core courses, students in each specialization choose electives drawn from a wide range of courses in the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy and other schools in the university. Students have the opportunity to complement their studies through course work for credit at other related institutions in the Boston area.
Most students choose to focus on one of the following areas of specialization:
Food Policy and Economics
Nutrition Interventions: Design, Operation and Management
Humanitarian Assistance
In addition, students may design their own learning specialization according to their interests in consultation with their advisers, subject to approval. Students normally complete the Master of Science degree in two years of full-time study; part-time study is also possible.
Doctor of Philosophy
Students enrolled in the doctoral program must have completed courses equivalent to the FANPP master's degree based on previous graduate-level coursework taken either at the Friedman School or elsewhere. Students in the doctoral program participate in the Ph.D. seminar and must pass a written and oral qualifying examination in three areas—Food Policy and Programs, a specialization (of choice), and General Nutrition—and then complete and formally defend a doctoral dissertation based on original research.
Combined Degree Programs: MALD, MPH, MAHA
Students enrolled in the following combined degree programs complete all the requirements for both degrees, but by counting selected courses toward both programs, they reduce the total time required for completion.
A combined degree program with the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, resulting in both the Master of Science from the Friedman School and a Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy (MALD);
A combined degree program in association with Tufts University's School of Medicine, leading to the Master of Science from the Friedman School and the Master of Public Health (MPH).
The Friedman School also offers a one-year Master of Arts in Humanitarian Assistance (MAHA) jointly with the Fletcher School that is open to mid-career professionals in the field.
Shorter, individualized non-degree programs of instruction may be available by special arrangement.
Sean B. Cash
Associate Professor
Jennifer Coates
Associate Professor
Sara C. Folta
Associate Professor
Shibani Ghosh
Research Associate Professor
Eileen Kennedy
Professor
William A. Masters
Professor
Daniel Maxwell
Professor
Diane L. McKay
Assistant Professor
Ellen Messer
Visiting Faculty
Renata Micha
Research Associate Professor
Beatrice Lorge Rogers
Professor
Irwin H. Rosenberg
Professor Emeritus
Jennifer Sacheck
Adjunct Professor
James Tillotson
Professor Emeritus
Patrick Webb
Professor
Parke Wilde
Professor
View Current Degree Requirement Worksheet
Current students should refer to the degree requirement worksheet associated with their year of entry for the most accurate course requirements.
The Food Policy and Applied Nutrition (FPAN) program offers an exciting curriculum of advanced study in nutrition science, policy and economics, statistics and quantitative methods, applied research skills, and a three-course specialization selected by the student.
Master of Science Degree
The formal requirements for the Master of Science degree are explained on the FPAN degree requirement worksheet. M.S. students take 16 or more course credits at the Friedman School, including electives. Here below is a brief informal summary of the course requirements.
Nutrition Science (1 credit)
Principles of Nutrition Science (NUTR 202)
Policy and Economics (3 Credits)
Fundamentals of Nutrition Policy and Programming (NUTR 203)
Economics of Food Policy Analysis (NUTR 238)
One of the following courses:
Determinants of U.S. Food Policy (NUTR 303)
Nutrition, Food Security, and Development  (NUTR 304)
Statistics and Quantitative Methods (3 Credits)
Statistical Methods in Nutrition Research (Policy) (NUTR 207)
Regression Analysis for Nutrition Policy (NUTR 307)
One of the following courses:
Qualitative Research Methods for Nutrition (NUTR 310)
Nutrition Data Analysis (NUTR 311)
Applied Research Skills (1 Credit)
One of the following courses:
Principles of Epidemiology (NUTR 204)
Survey Research in Nutrition (NUTR 210)
Specialization (3 of 3.5 Credits)
Choose one of the following specializations, or, with official approval, a Self-Designed Specialization.
Food Policy and Economics (3 credits)
Seeking policy and program solutions to hunger and poverty worldwide.
While nutrition issues remain central, the emphasis in the Food Policy and Economics specialization is on understanding a) basic economic principles, b) economic and political issues that influence policy design, c) key food and nutrition concerns at community and household levels, and d) public action aimed at promoting nutritional wellbeing, assuring a safe, accessible food supply, and redressing hunger and poverty in local, national, and global contexts. Students tackle issues of malnutrition and concerns about food safety in the United States as well as in other industrialized and developing countries. Beyond the specialization requirements, students can tailor their selection of elective classes to cover a wide range of topic areas, including hunger and equity, regulatory and trade policy concerning food safety, global institutions and markets, household economics, and food security.
Nutrition Interventions: Design, Operation, and Management (3.5 credits)
How to design and implement programs to combat malnutrition and promote nutritional well-being.
It has become clear in recent years that reductions in the prevalence of malnutrition in developing and industrialized countries can be accelerated significantly through more effectively designed and managed programs (in areas such as growth monitoring promotion, behavioral change communications, food-based income transfers, micronutrient fortification and supplementation, and breast-feeding promotion). This specialization focuses on developing highly skilled professionals able to design and implement nutrition interventions. Students learn data analysis skills necessary to assess a problem and its causes, project design skills based on solid conceptual frameworks plus practical experience from the extensive array of Tufts worldwide programmatic activities, project management skills including the design and operation of state-of-the-art management information systems, and cutting edge techniques of monitoring and evaluation.
Humanitarian Assistance (3 credits)
Meeting the challenge of food and nutrition interventions in emergencies.
This specialization is designed for individuals wanting to work in the demanding context of humanitarian crises. Each emergency presents unique challenges, including the assessment and communication of early warning signals, the design of appropriate food and other interventions, the treatment of severe malnutrition in refugee settings, and the rebuilding of livelihoods that are less vulnerable than before. The Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy is committed to developing professionals who are solidly prepared to address the special problems of food and nutrition in disasters. These professionals will be equipped to handle not only the technical, but also the social, political, and economic aspects of disasters that contribute to nutritional stress among at risk populations.
Internship
The internship offers practical experience that complements academic study. It provides contacts in a field where students might work in the future.
Ph.D. Degree
The curriculum for the Ph.D. program includes course work, a qualifying examination that indicates readiness to proceed with dissertation work, and a dissertation that contributes new scholarly research to the food and nutrition policy literature.
Through courses taken at the Friedman School, or by filing a waiver form to recognize preparation elsewhere, Ph.D. students meet all the course requirements for the M.S. degree. They meet a 4-credit minimum requirement at Tufts. Ph.D. students take NUTR: 0204: Principles of Epidemiology, NUTR 0210: Survey Research Nutrition, NUTR 0301: Nutrition in the Life Cycle, and two or more semesters of the Food and Nutrition Policy Doctoral Research Seminar (NUTR 404). The internship is optional.
NUTR 202: Principles of Nutrition Science
NUTR 203: Fundamentals of Nutrition Policy and Programming: How Science and Practice Interact
NUTR 204: Principles of Epidemiology
NUTR 207: Statistical Methods for Nutrition Science and Policy
NUTR 210: Survey Research in Nutrition
NUTR 211: Theories of Behavior Change and their Application in Nutrition and Public Health Interventions
NUTR 216: Management, Planning, and Control of Nutrition and Health Programs and Organizations
NUTR 217: Monitoring and Evaluation of Nutrition and Food Security Projects
NUTR 218: Communications Strategies in Nutrition and Health Promotion Nutrition
NUTR 222: Gender, Culture and Conflict in Complex Humanitarian Emergencies
NUTR 226: Food from Production to the Marketplace
NUTR 227: International Nutrition Programs
NUTR 228: Community and Public Health Nutrition
NUTR 229: Humanitarian Action in Complex Emergencies
NUTR 238: Economics for Food and Nutrition Policy
NUTR 243: Forced Migration
NUTR 277: Nutrition and Racial Inequities Journal Club
NUTR 301: Nutrition in the Life Cycle
NUTR 303: Determinants of U.S. Food Policy
NUTR 304: Nutrition, Food Security, and Development
NUTR 307: Regression Analysis for Nutrition Policy
NUTR 308: Nutrition in Emergencies Policies, Practice and Decision-Making
NUTR 310: Qualitative Research Methods for Nutrition
NUTR 324: International Humanitarian Response
NUTR 325: Evidence-Based Interventions for Child Malnutrition
NUTR 329: Humanitarian Leadership: The Political and Policy Challenges of Being in Charge
NUTR 339: Famine, Livelihoods & Resilience-Food Security Analysis & Response in Crisis & Crisis-Prone Contexts
NUTR 341: Economics of Agriculture and the Environment
NUTR 394: Advanced Data Analysis
Food and Nutrition Technical Assistance Project
The Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy was selected by the US Agency for International Development as part of a team, with the Academy for Educational Development and Cornell University, to assume major responsibility for the provision of technical assistance in developing countries where USAID operates. Under the FANTA contract, FPAN faculty and students have undertaken a variety of activities around the world, including developing guidelines for optimal use of food in health and nutrition clinics for mothers and children in Bolivia and Peru and testing the viability of qualitative questionnaire approaches to understanding local perceptions of hunger in several countries, with the intention of developing a quantitative measure that can be used to assess program and policy interventions in countries as diverse as Ethiopia, Haiti, Guatemala, and Indonesia.
Read more on their website
Feinstein International Center
This center was established on the conviction that emergency responses grounded in solid political, economic, social, and military analysis can better contribute to durable survival strategies for people coping with violent social change. The center is committed to building strong partnerships with academic, international, national, indigenous, private, governmental, and nongovernmental organizations throughout the world. Applied research and field operations are designed to: 1) strengthen knowledge and promote innovative analysis, 2) build institutional and local capacity, and 3) influence policy. The center has taken a leading role in working with the United States Agency for International Development/Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance, the United Nations, and nongovernmental agencies to train staff in key areas of humanitarian intervention. They have implemented projects including the emergency livestock vaccination, health and nutrition program in countries such as Sudan, Burundi, Kenya and Uganda. Other projects at the Center include the Displacement and Social Change and Public Nutrition programs.
Read more on their website
Other Activities
Faculty are also involved as technical and policy advisers to many multilateral agencies, including the World Bank, UNICEF, the World Health Organization, the Food and Agriculture Organization, and the United Nations' World Food Programme.
Internship Requirements
The internship has several purposes: to give students practical field experience that complements academic study, to give students experience in an institution where they might work in the future, to allow students to determine the kinds of jobs they wish to find after graduation, and to give them an opportunity to make contacts in the professional sphere where they will seek employment.
View past Food Policy & Applied Nutrition internships.
Graduates from the M.S., Ph.D., and several dual-degree programs possess the skills and knowledge to make an impact on food and nutrition programs and policies in the United States and around the world. Three specializations — Food Policy and Economics, Nutrition Interventions, and Humanitarian Assistance — provide advanced theoretical and applied preparation for positions in government, research institutions, international agencies, the nonprofit sector, and the food and agricultural industries.
FANPP graduates play leading roles in a wide variety of government agencies, research institutions, international programs, the nonprofit sector, and the food and agricultural industries. Here are some representative examples of career placements for new graduates:
Monitoring and Evaluation Coordinator, C-SAFE, Zimbabwe
Program Evaluation Specialist, Department of Health & Mental Hygiene, New York, NY
The Young Professionals program, World Bank, Washington, DC
Analyst, Abt Associates, Inc., Cambridge, MA
Founder/Director, Cultural Cornerstones, Jamaica Plain, MA
Nutrition Policy Advocate, California Food Policy Advocates, San Francisco, CA
Junior Official, Beijing Administration for Food Safety Monitoring, China
Humanitarian Program Officer, Oxfam America, Boston, MA
Program Manager, Rhode Island Department of Health, Providence, RI
Manager, Healthy Living Programs, Royal Ahold, the Netherlands
Program Analyst, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Alexandria, VA
Leland Hunger Fellow, Mercy Corps, Mongolia