http://nutrition.tufts.edu/academics/degree-programs/master-nutrition-science-policy
Skip to main content
Information for Students
Faculty
Staff
Alumni
Friends
Healthy living
News & Events News
Events
Speaker Series
Find Faculty
Give
Search>
Start Search
Academics
Degree Programs
Master of Nutrition Science and Policy
Master of Nutrition Science and Policy
The Master of Nutrition Science and Policy (MNSP) degree program is designed for health professionals, career-changers, and recent graduates who are passionate about nutrition, and who seek a world-class program without having to disrupt their life or career.
The program offers an interdisciplinary curriculum of advanced study in nutrition science, global and US food policy, global nutrition programs, and applied research skills.  Students can also choose from a variety of elective courses, tailoring their study to their interests or career objectives.
Register for a Virtual Open House
Request More Information
Apply Now
OverviewProgram FacultyCoursesCareers/AlumniBlended LearningHow to Apply
Blended Learning: Online + On Campus
The MNSP degree is the only US-based nutrition program taught in a combination of on campus and online learning. Each semester, students and faculty engage in interactive online learning, but they also gather for 1-week in Boston for face-to-face time. This structure allows students to maintain their careers, live where they choose, and build meaningful relationships and networks with peers and faculty.
MNSP professors are experts in their field, world-renowned researchers, and engaged teachers.  They include biochemists, RD’s, an economist, nutrition scientists, a statistician, a behaviorist, international nutrition program scholars, and policy experts.
Students entering the Friedman School of Nutrition come from remarkably diverse backgrounds and leave us to pursue careers in education, public relations, the government, healthcare, community-based food and nutrition programs, US and international non-governmental agencies, and the food industry. The common thread to their divergent paths is a desire - and the ability - to make meaningful differences in the health of individuals, communities, and nations.
Program History
In 2007, the Friedman School joined with Ras Al Khaimah, one of the seven Emirates in the United Arab Emirates to participate in establishing Ras Al Khaimah as a hub for nutrition education that would serve populations in the UAE, neighboring Gulf States and South Asia.  Among the projects was the establishment of a unique masters degree program taught in a low-residency format. The MNSP program, which began in the UAE, continues today with additional course offerings and residencies on Tufts University’s Health Sciences Campus in Boston.
The MNSP Program Director, Dr. Lynne Ausman, is the Saqr bin Mohammed Al Qasimi Professor in International Nutrition, a professorship endowed with a gift from the government of Ras Al Khaimah and given in acknowledgement to Dr. Ausman for her contributions to the success of the masters program in Ras Al Khaimah.
Lynne M. Ausman
Professor
Silvina Choumenkovitch
Sai Das
Associate Professor
Sujata Dixit-Joshi
Adjunct Associate Professor
Sara C. Folta
Associate Professor
Kelly Kane
Assistant Professor
Eileen Kennedy
Professor
Alice H. Lichtenstein
Professor
William A. Masters
Professor
Kathy Prelack
Adjunct Associate Professor
View Current Degree Requirement Worksheet
MNSP students complete 30 semester hour units of coursework* consisting of a required core curriculum, two electives and a three semeser hour unit research or project based thesis.
Full-time students are able to finish the program in 1-2 years. Part-time students are able to finish the program in 2-3 years.
Please click here to review the required Course Sequence for the MNSP degree program, as well as the select MNSP courses that have pre-requisites.
Required Courses
Science & Policy Core: 6 semester hour units
Skills Core: 12 semester hour units
Electives: 6 semester hour units
Thesis: 3 semester hour units
Science and Policy Core
NUTB 205 - Nutritional Biochemistry with Community/Clinical Applications: MacronutrientsNUTB 305 - Nutritional Biochemistry with Community/Clinical Applications: MicronutrientsNUTB 238 - Economics for Food and Nutrition PolicyNUTB 206 - Global Food and Nutrition Policy
Skills Core
NUTB 250 - Statistical Methods for Health Professionals INUTB 350 - Statistical Methods for Health Professionals IINUTB 204 - Epidemiology for Nutrition Professionals
Electives
NUTB 316 - Advanced Medical Nutrition TherapyNUTB 242 - Obesity and Energy RegulationNUTB 241 - Nutrition and AgingNUTB 219 - Food Science FundamentalsNUTB 208 - Management of Health and Nutrition NGO'sNUTB 227 - Global Nutrition ProgramsNUTB 243 - Nutrition, Brain and BehaviorNUTB 211 - Theories of Behavior Change
Thesis
NUTB 300 - Masters Thesis
Students entering the MNSP program come from diverse educational and professional backgrounds, and leave us to enjoy a wide range of career opportunities.  Those in the area of clinical dietetics often select the MNSP program because the curriculum allows them to engage with urgent nutrition policy issues, as well as pick up new skills like statistics, epidemiology, and proposal writing.  Health science professionals (physicians, pharmacists, basic laboratory sciences) often have never received any training in nutrition, which can be integral for these practitioners.  Still other students bring a broad background in social science and policy but realize that they have never taken the time to learn the basic science of nutrition.
Below are examples of where some MNSP students and graduates have worked:
Not-for profits, foundations, UNICEF, USAID
Hospitals and health centers
Nutrition counseling
Private and non-profit-sector food processing/preparation and marketing institutions
Clinical research facilities
Food safety field extension bureaus
Local universities (instructors in nutrition)
Doctorate or other degree
If you are interested in the MNSP program, but unclear on career oportunities or how this program might meet your professional goals, then please contact the Program Director, Lynne Ausman, to schedule a time to chat – Lynne.Ausman@tufts.edu.
The 30-semester hour unit Master of Nutrition Science and Policy (MNSP) degree program is offered in a blended learning format enabling students from around the world to continue living where they choose, while studying at one of the world’s premier research universities. The program is designed with working professionals in mind, combining intense residency sessions in Boston each semester with facilitated online learning.
Unlike 100% online programs, MNSP students come together with Tufts faculty once a semester for approximately one week for interactive course work, lectures, seminars, and collaboration with their classmates. Following each residency session, the course continues in a highly facilitated online environment, building on knowledge and relationships that were developed on campus.
MNSP students are Tufts students.  As such, they have access to an incredible support structure – student services, academic advisor, library resources, 24x7 technical support, and career services.  MNSP students also benefit from streamed campus events including visiting lecturers and career-related seminars.
Benefits of Blended Learning:
•   Tufts University Degree - The Master of Nutrition Science and Policy degree is conferred by Tufts University’s Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy in Boston, Massachusetts. Friedman School alumni are sought after and employed in a wide range of careers. Tufts University is consistently ranked among the Top 30 universities in the US, and the Friedman School’s doctoral programs were ranked #1 by the National Research Council.
•   World Class Faculty - Friedman School faculty design and teach the courses. Students will work and interact with faculty in-person throughout the residency sessions and will continue engaging with faculty and other students during the online portions of each course.
•   Flexibility and Convenience - The blended learning format affords students the ability to earn a degree without a permanent residency at the University. The program is designed to be completed in 12 months, but students are able to extend their studies if they choose to take fewer courses each semester.
Applications
Application requirements include:
Completion of the Online Application
Personal Statement (At least one page single spaced)
Three letters of recommendation
Official copies of all post-secondary academic transcripts (translated into English)
The GRE is required for applicants to the Ph.D. programs and optional for applicants to the Master of Science programs. Read more about this new change in admissions policy and what it means for your application to the school. For students taking the GRE who seek to refresh their verbal and quantitative skills, self-study materials and sample questions are available from the Educational Testing Service. Students whose native language is not English must meet TOEFL or IELTS requirements.
$70 Application Fee
For questions regarding the application requirements, please contact Richard Moyer, Associate Director of Admissions (617.636.0864, Richard.Moyer@tufts.edu).
Start Your Application Now
Any material not submitted electronically must be sent via FedEx or DHL services and should be addressed to:
Office of Admissions,
Tufts University
Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy
150 Harrison Avenue
Boston, MA 02111
All materials related to an application for admission become the property of the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy upon receipt and will not be returned or released to the applicant, either in original or photocopy form.
Prerequisites
Because the MNSP program is 30 semester hour units instead of 48 semester hour units, students entering the program must possess a strong background in science.  The following prerequisites are necessary for a student to be successful with the program’s curriculum:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution, with a minimum grade point average of 3.0 (out of a 4.0 equivalent)
College-level courses in the following:
Principles of Nutrition Science-Tufts offers an online Nutrition course every summer and fall that fulfills this requirement, contact us for more information
General Chemistry
Organic Chemistry
Biochemistry
Human Biology or Physiology
Please be advised that students taking General Nutrition courses to fulfill program prerequisites must have those courses approved by the Friedman School in advance.
Questions about prerequisites or eligibility?
Contact Dr. Lynne Ausman, D.SC., Program Director via email or phone (Lynne.Ausman@tufts.edu, 617.636.3712). Dr. Ausman is available to discuss your eligibility for the program and answer specific questions about prerequisites.  Making up select prerequisite courses is easy to do. We can help with recommendations, so please don't hesitate to reach out to us.
Admissions Deadlines
For admission into the Spring 2021 semester, the priority application deadline is November 15, 2020. Applications after the deadline are accepted as space allows.
For admission into the Summer 2021 semester, the priority application deadline is March 15, 2021. Applications after the deadline are accepted as space allows.
For admission into the Fall 2021 semester, the priority application deadline is April 15, 2021.  Applications after the deadline are accepted as space allows
Tuition
Tuition for the MNSP program is charged on a per course basis, with semester charges dependent upon the number of courses a student is taking. Tuition for the 2020-2021 academic year is $5952 per three-credit course.  A total of 30 semester hour units are required for the MNSP degree. There are additional yearly University fees totaling $1076. A limited number of merit-based scholarships are awarded each year, with highest consideration given to students who apply by the priority application deadlines.
International Students
International students are welcomed into the Master of Nutrition Science and Policy program.  Due to the low residency nature of the program, international students should be advised of the following visa and immigration regulations:
Participation in the MNSP program allows international students to be in the US only during the required onsite residencies.
Participation in the residencies on a tourist visa is not permitted.  International students are issued an I-20 form to obtain an F-1 student visa.  A new I-20 must be issued for each residency, at a cost to the student of approximately $200 US.
To be eligible for the F-1 student visa, international students must register for a minimum of six semester hour unit each semester they are in the program.
In addition to meeting the standard admission requirements, applicants must possess a minimum TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language) score of 100 on the internet-based exam or a score of 6.5 on the IELTS exam.
International students in the MNSP program are not eligible to participate in Optional Practical Training (OPT) upon completion of the program.