https://oltraining.com/ec/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting OnLine Training Institute's Web site. Your privacy is very important to us. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit our Web site, our server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, we monitor the volume and timing of access to our site by collecting information on the date, time and pages accessed by visitors. We do this so that we can improve the content of our Web site, and this information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected, and individual visitors' personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share personal information with us - by sending us a message or filling out an electronic form with personal information (registering for a course or purchasing a book etc.) - we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized. Some of the Information may be saved for a designated period to comply with Florida's archiving policies, but we will not disclose the information to third parties or other government agencies, unless required to do so by state or federal law.
Students our server maintains a record of all usernames logged into one of our courses. This monitoring is designed to assist us in improving our courses. We may report your onsite activity to an individual or school for their records. We may use this information in internal research and in the writing of academic papers. OLT will not in any way release your personal information to third parties or government agencies.
If you have any other questions about our privacy procedures, or have ideas about improving our procedures, please feel free to e-mail us at register@oltraining.com.