http://onlinegraduateschool.tripod.com/cj_legal.htm
Find Your Online Graduate School
Information on Online Graduate School Degree Programs from Colleges and Universities With Regional Accreditation
Browse Degree Info by Subject:
All
Business
Doctorates
Education
Tech/Engineering
Health/Nursing
Justice/Legal/Safety
Religion/Humanities/Others
Psych & Related
Nonprofit/State Schools
New
Text Only
Click for the
Graduate School Search Screen
More Info of Value to Those Considering Online Graduate Degree Programs:
Accreditation
Consortiums/Directories
Home
Blog
Student Resources
Criminal Justice, Security, Public Safety, Emergency, Legal Related
All of the colleges, universities,
and other graduate schools on this webpage
are regionally accredited institutions.
Regionally Accredited elearning Online Graduate School Listings
Indiana University
at Bloomington:
BUSINESS
M.S.
Global Supply Chain Management.
University of Alaska
Master's degrees in
Criminal Justice,
and others.
Arizona State University
Master degrees in Criminal Justice.
University of Alabama
Master degrees in Criminal Justice, and Taxation.
Ed. S. degree in Education
subjects..
Ball State University
Master's degree programs in
Executive in Public Service; Political Science; Public Relations; Urban Design; and
more.
Bellevue University
Master's in Security; plus others.
University of the Cumberlands
Master's in Justice Administration.
California State University
Dominguez Hills -
Online Master's in
Negotiation; Conflict Resolution (NCRP); or Public Administration (MPA).
University of Central Florida
Graduate
Online Master's degrees and Graduate Certificates in
Criminal Justice; Digital Forensics;
Forensic Science; or Health and Public Affairs.
City University (of Seattle, WA)
Master level graduate degrees in Public Administration.
The City University of New York
School of Professional Studies is a member of an affordable online college consortium.
IMMIGRATION LAW Graduate Certificate in
Immigration Law.
Excelsior College
Master's online graduate degree
in Liberal Studies (allows wide discretion in what you concentrate in); or Criminal Justice.
East Carolina University
Master's in Environmental Health; Safety; or Security.
Florida Gulf Coast
University
Master's in Public Administration.
Florida State University
Master degree in
Criminology.
Gonzaga University
Master degrees in
Criminal Justice.
Golden Gate University
MBA and other Master's Programs in International Business,
Operations and Supply Chain Management, Taxation; also Executive Master of
Public Administration.
Indiana State University
Online graduate school Master degrees in Criminology & Criminal Justice;
Occupational Safety Management; Public Administration.
Online graduate school Certificates/Licensure program in
Public Administration/ Public Personnel Administration.
Iowa State University
Master's Degree in
Public Administration.
Graduate Certificate Programs:
Environmental Systems; Food Safety and Defense; and Information Assurance.
Kansas State University
Master's degrees in Community Development; Family &
Community Services;
and Youth Development.
Graduate Certificates in
Conflict Resolution; Food Safety & Defense; Public Administration; and Youth Development.
Keller Graduate School Online
Master degrees in
Criminal Justice.
Liberty University
Master degrees in
Criminal Justice.
Lamar University
is a state university in Texas with reasonable tuition rates for their online classes, even for out-of-state students.
CRIMINAL JUSTICE
Master
of Science in Criminal Justice.
Michigan State University online graduate degree programs
Master's degree in Criminal Justice; Family Community Services; Law
Enforcement Intelligence & Analysis; and Youth Development.
Graduate Certificate in
Counterfeit Pharmaceuticals;
Food Safety & Toxicology;
Safety Pharmacology;
Youth Development Specialist; and
Youth Program Management & Evaluation.
Missouri State University Online
Master's degrees in
Criminology & Criminal Justice.
Graduate Certificates in Conflict & Dispute Resolution;
or Homeland Security &
Defense.
Northwestern State University
(of Louisiana)
Online Master's degree in
Homeland Security.
National University
Online Master's degrees in
professional fields, including in Criminal Justice; and in Forensic Science.
Online
Master's degrees in Engineering, Technology and Media, including in
Homeland Security and Emergency Management.
Also graduate certificates.
University of Central Missouri
Online Graduate Degree Programs:
Master in Aviation Safety.
Master in
Criminal Justice.
Master in
Occupational Safety Management.
University of Northern Colorado
Master degree in Criminal Justice.
U. of Nebraska-Lincoln
University research has ranked the University of Nebraska - Lincoln
among the
best American Research Universities.
Online Master's in Community
Development.
Also graduate certificate in
Food Safety & Defense.
University of North Carolina
Master's and Certificate Programs in Criminal Justice.
University of North
Dakota
Master's in
Forensic Psychology;
or Public Administration.
Old Dominion University
Online Graduate Degree Programs: Master of Public Administration (MPA).
Pace University
(New York)
MA in Management for Public Safety & Homeland Security Professionals.
Park University
Graduate Certificate in
Business & Government Leadership; or Disaster & Emergency Management.
Pennsylvania State University
Graduate School
degrees online:
HOMELAND SECURITY
Master's in Homeland Security.
Certificates in
Homeland Security.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION:
Master of Public Administration.
Certificates in
Public Administration.
Regent University Virginia Beach, VA
Master's in Government; Certificate in
Public Policy
or Doctorate in Strategic Leadership.
Buffalo State
(State University of New York)
Master's Degree in Science and the Public.
Southern New Hampshire University
Master degrees in Criminal Justice.
Thomas Edison State College
Graduate Certificate Programs in
Homeland Security, and more.
University of Nevada - Reno
Online graduate degree
programs:
Master of Justice Management.
University of South Florida
Online Grad Degree Programs:
CYBERSECURITY:
Online Master of Science in CyberSecurity.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION:
Master of Public Administration (MPA).
University of Washington
Master's degree programs
in Homeland Security & Critical Infrastructures.
Graduate certificate programs in
Law and Regulation.
Virginia Tech University
Online Graduate Degree Programs:
Online Master of Arts in Political Science.
Valparaiso University
Online Graduate Degree Program:
CYBERSECURITY:
Online Master of Science in CyberSecurity.
University of Wisconsin-Platteville
Master of Science in
Criminal Justice.
Walden University
Master degrees in
Criminal Justice.
University of Wisconsin System Master's in Criminal
Justice, and more.
U. of Wyoming
online graduate school programs: Master's in
Public Administration (MPA).
Ads:
Accredited Universities.
Find Leading Colleges in 3 Minutes.
Pursue a Degree, Enroll Today!
Advertisements / ads may at times include schools with other than regional accreditation.
Click A Link Below For A Specific Type Of Online Graduate Degree Program:
All Degrees
|
Degree Search Engine
|
Business |
Doctorates |
Education
|
Engineering/Tech
|
Health
|
Justice
|
Other
|
Psych & Related
If you need more info, you are free to request it from any of the linked graduate schools. It is wise to consider several options, so you are welcome to request info from several schools.
Sites By This Author:
Help for
Psychology Students
provides information and links that are useful to students in Psychology courses.
Free the Palm Trees Clip Art has click art images of palmtrees that you can
use free.
Learn About
Experiments in Psychology, A WebQuest is a online learning experience that teaches concepts that are used in psychology experiments.
Find Your ONLINE GRADUATE SCHOOL
is a source of information on graduate degree
programs where you take the courses online.
All the universities and colleges on the website have regional accreditation.
Congratulations for considering extending your education with graduate study.
Cheers to you.
Thanks for visiting this web page... Have a great day!!!
Note 1:
The Top American Research Universities;
Lombardi, Phillips, Abbey, and Craig;
The Center for Measuring University Performance at Arizona State University and and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, 2012, ISBN 978-0-9856170-2-8.
Click A Link Below For A Specific Type Of Online Graduate Degree Program:
All Degrees
|
Degree Search Engine
|
Business |
Doctorates |
Education
|
Engineering/Tech
|
Health
|
Justice
|
Other
|
Psych & Related
Click for Google Safe-browsing Report for this Website.
Contact the site owner, Bernard Bart Schuster by email at Colorado93@hotmail.com.
OR
Thanks for visiting this web page... Have a great day!!!
Colleges, universities, other training/education concerns or others are invited to
advertise
on this site
by email
to Colorado93@hotmail.com.
College or university personnel are welcome to send email to confirm, update, or correct the accuracy of their information.
Please specify if your degree can be earned "all online".
Please contact me to nominate/submit/suggest an additional academic, career development, business, corporate, university, or college url for this site, or if you have other comments. You can reach me, Bart Schuster, M.S., by
email
at Colorado93@hotmail.com. Please include "Suggest URL" in the subject.
I may not be able to answer all email.
Additional Notes:
I intend to include on this site colleges and universities that
apparently have (at least) regional
accreditation, however the presence of a university, college, or other
site on this page is not an
endorsement or recommendation.
Grad School Links are
here only to present possible college and university sites that may be of
interest to some of those seeking an accredited online or distance
graduate
school degree.
The site is primarily concerned with degree programs,
although you may find certificate programs, and information on non-degree-seeking classes or courses. So, this site may be useful to those seeking a class,
course, or certificate.
You may find that a college or university is presented redundantly
on this site. This site has pages that are dedicated to specific areas of interest.
There is a page for Business degrees, and others for Education, Engineering / Technology
/ Computer, doctorates, accreditation organizations, and new programs.
A graduate
degree, also termed a postgraduate degree, may be a master degree, such as a Master of Arts (M. A.), Master of Science (M. S.), or
Master of Business Administration (MBA),or doctorate degree, such as a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph. D.), Doctor of Psychology (Psy. D.), Doctor of Education ( Ed. D.), Doctor of Business Administration (DBA), and so on.
The term grad school is
often used as an abbreviation for graduate school, the terms graduate school and grad
school are considered equivalent on this site. Featured online graduate school degree programs may have a quota of information requests they will accept, and if the quota becomes used-up, their link may lead to a 'multi online graduate school alternative search' website. If that should happen while you are using this site you can feel free to just exit from the
'multi online graduate school alternative search' website, or you can use that page if you wish. I try to remove links with used-up quotas as soon as I notice them, but sometimes I am delayed getting them removed. Usually, you must already have an accredited bachelor's degree to start an online graduate school degree program.
Additionally, some online graduate school degree programs may have additional requirements for admission and a few prospective students may be screened out from receiving the information package if they don't satisfy a minimum requirement, such as a GPA-level.
I strive to assure that the information on this site is current and accurate, however the information may change without notice to me so I can not guarantee
total accuracy.
A college or university may use the term external degree program where another may use the term distance program.
The terms external and distance are considered equivalent on this site. Thanks for visiting this site and good luck with your graduate studies.
This page is copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014
Bernard "Bart" Schuster except as otherwise specified..
All the images on this site are to see, but not to use.
Any other images original to this
site, are
copyrighted by this site owner, per the copyright date.
The following images are licensed from a copyrighted
collection from ClickArt/Broderbund:
clickartgradgroup4.jpg; clickartfemalegrad.jpg; clickartfemalegrad.jpg; &
clickartmalegrad.jpg, and any other images with titles beginning with the letters,
"clickart". Grad images
with file names beginning with "hemera..." are copyrighted from Ideasoft and Hemera
copyrighted clipart collections, 1994-2004.
Images on this site are to see, not to use.
Privacy policy:
This website's codes do not collect personal information on the visitor however, the website host may collect nominal "visitor log" data, and the hyperlinks on this site may go to pages which MAY or may not collect personal information.
Please refer to the the website host, lycos.tripod.com, and visited site's privacy policy for information on that site's policies.
If you elect to request the free info from a college or university, and especially if they are interested in recruiting you as a student, they may give you a telephone call in addition to sending email or overland mail information.
In requesting the info package or packet you are, in effect, giving them permission to give you a phone call.
This phone call will enable you to direct to the school any questions that are of specific interest to you, and also enable you to ask questions about additional degree programs the online graduate school may offer.
Recent research indicates a positive association between advancing education and increases in average salary, however no college, university or graduate school can guarantee a specific salary or increase because that is likely to depend on a number of factors including your education, but also including region, job experience, available opportunities, individual characteristics, personal history, demand, "the economy", etc.
Web site visits may also be monitored thru Google, Bing, or other analytics, which may include use of cookies, and would be subject to their privacy policies.
Note:
There are those on the internet who may wrongfully use someone else's email address to distribute spam.
I strongly urge you to not do business with such businesses. I have never distributed spam nor have I given anyone permission to use my email address.
The wrongful use of my email address was reported to hotmail.com and the FTC.