https://pamuseums.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - PA Museums
Skip to content
Main Menu
AboutMenu Toggle
Board and Staff History
Programs & ServicesMemberships & DonationMenu Toggle
Memberships Donations
Museum NewsContact
All Results
View all
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable to PA Museums’ website and to the activities and practices of PA Museums off-line. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information from you offline and on our website and how we use such information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We only collect personally identifiable information about you when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. For example, we may gather personally identifiable information about you (including, but not limited to, your name, street address, telephone and facsimile numbers, e-mail address, level of education, profession, job title, and credit card information) during the following interactions: During the initial membership process; During the membership renewal process; When you register for a workshop or a conference; When you purchase merchandise from PA Museums.
We primarily use personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our website, to enhance our services, and, if applicable, to enhance your experience as a member of PA Museums. Your personal information may be used to provide you with information about PA Museums’ activities. The information will not be used for any commercial or philanthropic purpose not directly connected with or approved by PA Museums. PA Museums has a number of business members and partners who offer special promotions for PA Museums’ members. We carefully screen these partners and believe that they provide value to the PA Museums community. From time-to-time PA Museums may share your information with these business partners in order that they may offer you their services or products.
WHEN IS YOUR INFORMATION SHARED?
Our website has password-protected, secure areas which enable members to connect with each other using the Member Directory. All members are automatically included in this directory unless they specifically opt-out. This information is onlyavailable to paid members of PA Museums, and is not provided to outside individuals or organizations. PA Museums will include personally identifying information of individuals attending the Annual Conference, workshops, or other educational programs in participant lists distributed to others attending the same program unless they expressly opt-out. Should you choose to opt out of receiving mailings from PA Museums or its members and partners, or being listed in directories and participant lists, please contact PA Museums at (717) 909-4950.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
On our website, and through program surveys, we do collect non-personal information about our members. This information is used in the aggregate only, and includes demographic data, page visits on the website, program ratings, and statistics. General Policies Our website contains links to other sites not controlled by PA Museums. PA Museums is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, which may differ from our practices. We recommend that you remain aware of the practices of all sites which you visit. When asking for personal information online, we strive to provide secure transmission of your information. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. If we revise our policy, we will post changes on our website
Join our newsletter
Stay up to date with all the information about our museums.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe
PA Museums
Home
About Us
Contact
Community
Advocacy
Conferences & Workshops
Job Openings
Announcements
Awards
Contact US
(717) 909-4951
rusty.baker@pamuseums.org
Facebook
Twitter
Find Us
PA Museums 300 North Street, Room 504 Harrisburg, PA 17120
View Map
PA Museums ® 2020 |  by Mobkii made possible by a donation from Big River
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Menu
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy