https://pathways.hodges.edu/help-me-decide/
Skip to content
The First Step Is The Hardest One To Take
Especially when it can feel like the world is changing daily.
Whatever place you are in… whether you are unemployed and looking for a new job, trying to figure out what career may be right for you, contemplating going back to school, or honestly just taking it all in, we are here to help.
That is why Hodges University has created a virtual space where you, the prospective student, can come one-on-one and get the personalized attention you need to make a decision on whether going back to school is right for you. During this virtual session, you can talk about individual challenges you may be facing and how to overcome them, uncertainty about a future career path, or even what degree programs are available. This session is not a “sales” session but instead allows you the opportunity to really see if you’d make a good candidate for one of our programs.
How does it work?
Simply click on the button below marked “Help Me Decide”
Once you enter just a few pieces of basic information, you will be assigned to your personal career development support specialist.
Soon after (during business hours), your advisor will contact you to set up a session by phone or virtual appointment.
That’s it. You will have taken the first step to a better today and all the days after.
Are you ready to take charge of your future?
Help Me Decide
We use cookies and other data collection tools to create the best possible user experience, to better understand how they are used please visit our privacy policy page. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this.To the extent the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is applicable to me, by visiting this website I hereby consent to the processing of my Personal Data as defined by the GDPR for the purposes outlined and provided for in Hodges’ policies, as amended from time to time. I understand that in certain circumstances, I have the right to object to the processing of my Personal Data. I further understand that I have the right to request (1) access to my Personal Data; (2) rectification of mistakes or errors and/or erasure of my Personal Data; (3) that Hodges restrict processing of my Personal Data; and (4) that Hodges provide my Personal Data upon request in a portable format.ACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Translate »