https://pdkintl.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
How do we protect the confidentiality and security of your information?
Phi Delta Kappa International, Inc. (“PDK International”) and all its divisions, including Phi Lambda Theta (“PLT”) and Educators Rising, (collectively the “PDK Family of Associations”) are committed to respecting the privacy of their members and stakeholders (“We” or “Us”, as used in this Privacy Policy, may include the PDK Family of Associations, and websites within the PDK Family of Associations.).  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated responsibly and in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We restrict access to your personal information within our organization to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. Our Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of personal information, whether gathered by our staff, from program participants, from website visitors, or through correspondence, and it reflects our approach to gathering and disseminating data. Our policy is to only use data collected for purposes that are integral to furthering the mission of PDK International.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and, with effect from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Phi Delta Kappa International, Inc., 1820 N Fort Myer Dr., Suite 320, Arlington, Virginia 22209.
What personal information do we collect?
We may collect information when you submit information directly to us, such as the submission of applications and other forms; transact with us; request or buy products or services; or interact with us through email, phone, or the use of the websites within the PDK Family of Associations. Through these actions, you may provide us with various personal information, including your name, address, email, phone number, credit card information, opinions, and individual personal preferences. Your credit card information is encrypted for security purposes. We also collect information provided to us by colleges and universities.
How do we use the data collected?
Data collected is used to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that visitors, members, and colleges and universities knowingly provide. The PDK Family of Associations uses your personal information to process your orders; send your order to you or the recipient you selected; send you the Phi Delta Kappan magazine; send you newsletters; notify you of discounts on third-party services; provide other membership services; and notify you of programs offered by the PDK Family of Association, local chapters, and state affiliates. We also use data collected to improve our web content; to learn more about visitors’ interests, needs, and preferences; and to develop new products and services. Personal information is collected via a number of websites that are either operated by us or by authorized vendors.
How long do we retain your personal information for?
We will retain your personal information at least for as long as is reasonably necessary to perform the services described above or as required by law.
How can you control the personal information you provide to us?
You may access your personal data, request additional information on how your information is being used, or update your personal information by logging into your account and/or contacting us at the mailing address, phone number, or email address below.  You may request the erasure of your personal information from our records and we will do so as long as we do not have a legal obligation to retain that information.  You may also request a copy of all your personal information that we currently have on record to be sent to you or a third party of your choice in a reasonable format specified by you. You may opt out of receiving promotional materials or marketing information by contacting us at the mailing address, phone number, or email address below or changing your account settings. If you don’t approve of certain ways we process your data, you may also contact us to withdraw your consent where consent was given and/or object to data processing activities that you believe have a disproportionate impact on your rights. In order to make any of these requests or to make a complaint regarding privacy issues, you may contact us at:
Mailing Address
Member Services
PDK International
P.O. Box 13090
Arlington, VA 22209
Phone Number
800-766-1156
Email Address
memberservices@pdkintl.org
Recipients of emails and alerts via mailing lists and electronic newsletters also have the option to unsubscribe directly by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any mailing list or electronic newsletter email. Those who choose to unsubscribe will not receive further mailings from that specific mailing list or electronic newsletter.
Do we use Google Analytics?
We use or may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to collect information on your use of the websites within the PDK Family of Associations, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information related to our websites. Google Analytics places cookies on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use our and other websites, and generate information about your internet usage (including your IP address). Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the websites and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html  Furthermore, you can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Do we share your information with third parties?
PDK International does not share any data pertaining to or personal information of its members who are under the age of 18. PDK International may occasionally provide limited data to partners that offer products and services as permitted by law. This limited data includes names, mailing addresses, and email addresses of members age 18 and older.
We sometimes employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, providing marketing assistance (including direct and targeted marketing), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
PDK International also makes member contact information available to PDK International and some PLT members through the membership directory on the PDK International member website. In addition, we may occasionally provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services if you consented to providing your information to a third party. This limited data includes names, job titles, companies, and home and business addresses, but does not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers, or email addresses. We may also occasionally sell names and postal addresses to reputable organizations to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you.
PDK International websites occasionally provide links to other websites that may be of interest to the students and stakeholders we serve. Although we work hard to ensure we provide links to appropriate sites and we take full responsibility for the content of our site and our own privacy policy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of sites to which we link. No notice will be issued when a visitor has accessed a link to a website outside the realm of PDK International websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party sites that are linked from any PDK International website before submitting your personal information. The use of any personal data you choose to disclose to third-party websites will not be covered by this Privacy Policy.
How do we protect the privacy of children?
Educators Rising, a division of PDK International, provides additional privacy protections when children visit its website at www.educatorsrising.org. We do not knowingly collect, maintain or store personal information from or about children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating profiles in the EdRising Virtual Campus andare not eligible to be a member of PDK International or any of its divisions, including Educators Rising.
If you are under the age of 18, please read this privacy policy with a parent or legal guardian. If you are under the age of 16, your parent or legal guardian must provide consent before providing us with any personal information or joining any of the PDK Family of Associations.
Information self-reported from children consists of membership roster data including name, email addresses, phone numbers, gender, ethnicity, race, residence type, high school graduation year, grade level, and other relevant demographic information. This information, which may be shared with state affiliates and local chapters, is used to support students’ engagement in official Educators Rising activities and to notify students and their parents and/or guardians of opportunities supportive of the educational mission and objectives of Educators Rising. We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the foregoing activities. We do not disclose information collected from children to unaffiliated third parties.
If anyone reports, in any manner, instances of the abuse of a child under the age of 18, PDK International will inform the child’s school of the information received and may provide the information to abuse reporting hotlines and/ or law enforcement agencies in the state where the child was abused and/or currently resides.
Parents and legal guardians may review personal information we have collected about their child, request deletion, or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information. To do so, please contact us at:
Mailing Address
Member Services
Educators Rising
P.O. Box 13090
Arlington, VA 22209
Phone Number
812-339-1156
Email Address
info@educatorsrising.org
How can you learn about future Privacy Policy updates?
From time to time, customer information may be used for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future, those changes will be posted on all affected websites to notify users of the changes and provide an opportunity to opt out of the new uses. Those concerned about how their information is used should check our websites periodically, and review this Privacy Policy for any updates.
Still have questions or concerns?
We value our members and want you to understand how we use the information we collect. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at 800-766-1156 or memberservices@pdkintl.org.
Stay up to date
First Name
Last Name
Email
Interests
AdvertisingCareersEvents/ConferencesGiving: Federal/StateGiving: FoundationsGiving: SponsorshipsMembership: EdRising CollegiateMembership: Educators RisingMembership: PDK AssociationMembership: Pi Lamda ThetaPartnershipsPrograms: District and School ServicesPrograms: Educators Rising/Grow Your OwnPublications: KappanSupporters/AdvocacyVolunteering/Activist
Privacy Notice
By clicking the ‘submit’ button, you are consenting to the collection of personal data.
Submit
See our Privacy Policy
here.
X