https://pintadera.info/privacy
Menu
Privacy
Responsible in terms of the data protection laws, in particular the EU Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
Associazione Culturale
Centro Mediterraneo Pintadera
Vicolo Adami 41
07041 Alghero (SS)
ITALIA
P.IVA 02518770900
C.F. 92087630908
Your rights
You can exercise the following rights at any time:
Receive information about your data stored with us and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),
Modify incorrect personal data (Art. 16 DPA),
Deletion of your data stored with us (Art. 17 GDPR),
Restriction of data processing, provided that we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),
Objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR) and
Data transferability, provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).
If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You may at any time submit a complaint to a supervising authority.
Enrollment form
Nature and purpose of the processing
The data you enter will be stored for the purpose of individual communication with you. For this purpose, it is necessary to enter a valid e-mail address and your name. This serves to assign the inquiry and to answer it afterwards. The specification of further data is optional.
Legal basis
The data entered in the enrollment form is processed on the basis of a legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing your request and for possible follow-up questions.
The data will be processed both by computer and on paper and on any other suitable type of support, in compliance with the appropriate security measures pursuant to art. 5 par. 1 letter f) of the GDPR.
If you contact us to request an offer, the data entered in the enrollment form will be processed for the purpose of implementing pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Recipient
Recipients of the data may be contract processors.
Storage duration
Data will be deleted at the latest [6 months] after processing the request.
If there is a contractual relationship, we are subject to the legal retention periods and delete your data after these periods have expired.
Provision of data required or necessary
The provision of your personal data is voluntary. However, we can only process your request if you provide us with your name, your e-mail address and the reason for the request.
SSL Encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption procedures (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.
Data processors used
The following organizations, companies or persons have been commissioned by the operator of this website to process data:
1&1 IONOS SE
Elgendorfer Str. 57
56410 Montabaur
GERMANY
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always meets the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration will then apply to your next visit.
Start
About
Pintadera
Alghero
Sardinia
LICET
Courses
Italian Language
Lingua group course
Long-term course
AllegraMente holiday course
Individual course
CILS preparation course
Teen summer camp
Uno, due, tre for kids
School groups
Catch the Wave
ONline Italian
Special Courses
Cultura – cultural encounters
Buon Appetito – cooking class
Cin Cin – Wine tasting
Arte a Parte – drawing & painting
’O Sole Mio – singing lessons
Activities
Sea
Snorkeling
Sailing
Windsurfing
Wave surfing
Stand up paddling
Kitesurfing
Kayaking
Scuba diving
Paragliding
Land
Bicycling
Yoga
Hiking
Horseback riding
Tennis
Via Ferrata
Travel & Accommodation
How to get to Alghero
Getting around
Accommodation
Enrollment
Erasmus+
Settle in Sardinia
Contact us