https://privacy.uconn.edu/privacy-notices/applicants/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to UConn Search
Skip to Content
UConn
University of Connecticut school of
University of Connecticut
Search University of Connecticut
Search UConn
A to Z Index
UConn A to Z Index
Privacy NoticesApplicants for Employment
Overview
Privacy Notice for University of Connecticut Websites
Applicants for Employment
UConn Students Enrolled in Education Abroad Programs
Student/Exchange/Visitor/ Applicants
Student Privacy Notice
Notice of Privacy Practices
This page provides information about the use of personal information provided by applicants for employment with the University of Connecticut.
What is ‘personal information’?
‘Personal information’ means any information which relates to or identifies you as an individual.
Who will process my personal information?
The information provided here applies to the collection, use, maintenance, sharing and disclosure of your personal information when you apply for employment with the University of Connecticut. Your information will be processed by assigned staff of the University of Connecticut, and/or any vendor (our processors) providing specific services to, or on behalf of, the University of Connecticut.
What personal information will be processed?
The University will use the details you provide through the application process, including all documentation you provide to us or that others provide to us on your behalf (e.g., references or recommendations from others), when considering your application for employment. This may include information such as: name, address, email address, telephone number, emergency contact information, voluntary response to application questions concerning your race, gender and ethnic origin, passport, past academic and/or employment history, financial documentation, and any information you voluntarily disclose as part of your application materials.
For successful candidates who are offered employment, please note that such offer and subsequent acceptance of employment, except in limited circumstances, is contingent upon successful completion of a background check and any applicable additional immigration review and approval process requirements.  These include running Social Security number verifications, past address traces, checking judicial data for criminal convictions and reviewing sex offender registries in any jurisdiction you may have resided in  and information regarding current and prior immigration status.  Please note that we will only use any information gathered as part of these relevant background checks, immigration review, and approval processes for the specific purpose of clearing you to begin employment with the University of Connecticut and/or securing your visa status if you require visa sponsorship by the University of Connecticut. In addition, upon acceptance of employment with the University of Connecticut and successful completion of the background check and applicable immigration review process, additional information is also processed to complete the onboarding of employment with the University of Connecticut, such as employment benefits, employment eligibility verification and labor union affiliation. Where applicable, we also collect, use and maintain the following personal information about applicants’ dependents (spouse and unmarried child under age 21) if required to secure visa sponsorship from the University of Connecticut: name, address, email address, telephone number, passport, place of birth, date of birth, gender, marital status, and prior immigration history.
We will collect, maintain, retain, share and/or disclose any such information described above in accordance with applicable legal requirements, record retention schedules and University policies. We will only disclose such information with external parties where required by law.
What is the purpose and legal basis of the processing conducted during the application process?
The University of Connecticut processes the personal information provided on your application and during the employment consideration process in accordance with legal requirements for State Agencies of the State of Connecticut, in accordance with policies and procedures of the University of Connecticut and/or for purposes in the public interest in hiring applicants for employment.  These public interests include:
The prevention and/or detection of fraud.
To ensure that criteria and prerequisites for employment in the applied-for position are met.
To ensure statutory requirements related to equal opportunities in employment.
To meet applicable State and Federal regulatory requirements related to immigration and employment.
For research and statistical purposes, as permitted and/or required by law. However, any such information will be published in aggregate form so as not to allow for identification of personal information of an individual applicant or employee.
If you are a current employee, then we may use the information described above in order to update the employment records we already hold on you.
The University of Connecticut further considers the processing of your personal information for the above described purposes to be necessary and/or required for the University to take the appropriate steps needed to create the contractual relationship of employment with you (e.g. to process you application, review your submitted personal information and required background checks, and to offer you employment by means of an offer letter and/or specific contract for employment), or necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (e.g. statutory requirements related to equal opportunities in employment), or necessary for the performance of tasks we carry out in the public interest (e.g. non-statutory reporting, research).
If you become an employee of the University of Connecticut, your information will be used to administer our contractual employment services with you, including support services such as benefits, professional development, reasonable accommodations, athletic programs, and fundraising activities. If you are offered employment and require visa sponsorship by the University of Connecticut, your personal information will be used to process your visa sponsorship.
Who will my personal information be shared with and/or disclosed to?
As well as circulating your application and related materials to the appropriate staff within the University of Connecticut, we will share your personal information for the above purposes as relevant and necessary with:
In aggregate, the Connecticut Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities (CHRO) and similar federal agencies comply with the equal opportunity statutes of the State of Connecticut and, similar regulations pertaining to federal contractors.
Where relevant and as required, to federal immigration authorities in order to administer relevant legal and regulatory obligations.
Vendors (our processors) providing specific services to, or on behalf of, the University of Connecticut. Vendors are contractually obligated to keep your personal data confidential subject to appropriate safeguards to prevent it from unauthorized disclosure.
To the State of Connecticut for salary, payroll and benefits administration.
If upon your request, to financial institutions for purposes of payroll administration.
If required by law, pursuant to a public record request under the Connecticut Freedom of Information Act.
To the UConn Foundation for fundraising activities.
To regulatory or judicial authorities if required by law or to respond to a complaint.
Other agencies or organizations upon your request if you request a transfer of your personal information or an employment verification letter.
In the event of an emergency, local authorities and/or professionals on an as-needed basis.
Your personal data will be processed and handled by the University of Connecticut in accordance with its policies and applicable laws, and with the principles of fairness, lawfulness, transparency, purpose limitation, accuracy, storage limitation, integrity and confidentiality and accountability, as well as the utmost protection of your privacy. Sensitive data regarding health conditions or judicial data will only be processed for purposes of protecting your safety or fulfilling obligations established by law.
How can I access my personal information?
You have the right to access the personal information that is maintained about you by the University of Connecticut. You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you, to delete personal information subject to applicable record retention requirements, or in some instances to otherwise restrict our processing, or to object to processing or to receive an electronic copy of the personal information you provided to us. Please contact the University’s Office of Privacy Protection & Management at privacy@uconn.edu for more information or to exercise these rights.
How long is my information kept?
We store your personal information in accordance with applicable records retention requirements established by the State of Connecticut and/or other Federal or State legal requirements.  For additional information regarding record retention requirements at the University of Connecticut, please visit http://rim.uconn.edu.
Who can I contact with questions or concerns?
If you have any questions about how your personal information is used, or wish to exercise any of your rights regarding how your information is used, please contact the University’s Office of Privacy Protection & Management at privacy@uconn.edu.
If you are located in the European Union and feel the University has violated laws related to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, you also have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate EU supervisory authority. Such country-specific rules and regulations may also apply to other countries and specific locations.
How will I know if changes are made regarding how my information is used?
Should our practices regarding the processing of personal information change, we will update our Privacy Notices accordingly to reflect such changes. We may update or change this Privacy Notice at any time. Please visit http://privacy.uconn.edu to link to the University’s Privacy Notices.
Last Updated:  May 24, 2018