https://prudsys.de/en/privacy/
DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
The following text is for your information and covers how we process your personal information in connection with our website.
RESPONSIBLE PARTY
prudsys AG
Zwickauer Str. 16, 09112 Chemnitz, Germany
Place of jurisdiction: AG Chemnitz, Company Register B No. 20264
Managing Director: Jens Scholz
E-mail: ed.sysdurp@ofni
CONTACT DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
ed.sysdurp@retgartfuaebztuhcsnetad
Please edit your settings for cookies and external services on our website:
Allow Google Analytics
Allow Google Webfonts
Allow Google Maps Google Maps are deactivated. Google Maps are loaded when you click them on the respective subpage.
Allow Youtube videos Youtube videos are deactivated. Youtube videos are loaded when you click play on the respective subpage.
WHEN AND WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS
We process your personal data in the following cases:
a. A visit to our website – We store so-called session cookies in your browser.
b. Use of the contact form on the website – The information you enter is processed.
c. Use of the support form on the website – The information you enter is processed.
d. Request for a personal web session (demo) – The information you enter is processed.
e. Request for prudsys personalization index – The information you enter is processed.
f. Use of express application – The information you enter is processed. Please note our privacy statement regarding applications.
g. Subscription to prudsys eNews newsletter – The information you enter is processed.
h. Registration for mailing list – The information you enter is processed.
i. Press inquiry via website – The information you enter is processed.
j. Downloading a white paper – The information you enter is processed.
k. Making an appointment for a trade fair or event – The information you enter is processed.
l. Ordering tickets for the retail intelligence summit at summit.prudsys.de – The information you enter is processed.
m. Subscription to the summit eNews newsletter at summit.prudsys.de – The information you enter is processed.
n. Team registration for the DATA MINING CUP at www.data-mining-cup.com – The information you enter is processed.
o. Submission of solution for the DATA MINING CUP at www.data-mining-cup.com – The information you enter is processed.
p. Subscription for DMC eNews newsletter at www.data-mining-cup.com – The information you enter is processed.
q. Our website uses Google Fonts – your IP address is transmitted to Google when requests are sent to the Google server. For more information see “Google Fonts”.
r. Our website contains Google Maps – your IP address and other information is transmitted to Google when requests are sent to the Google server. For more information see “Google Maps”.
s. Our website contains YouTube Videos – your IP address and other information is transmitted to Google when requests are sent to the Google server. For more information see “YouTube Videos”.
t. We also use cookies and analytics services when you visit our website. For more information see “Analytics Tools”.
PURPOSES OF DATA PROCESSING
We use the personal data that you actively communicate to us for the agreed upon purpose only and only in the required scope.
a. Cookies stored in your browser for the duration of the visit to our website are used for the technical implementation of the functions you request. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
b. Information that you provide to us in connection with a contact request is only used to process that request. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
c. Information that you provide to us in connection with a support request is only used to process that request. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
d. Information that you provide to us in connection with a web session request is only used to process that request and to run the web session. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
We use the platform GoToMeeting for our online demos. We will send you a link for your participation via e-mail. You may take part anonymously at the meeting. We do not give any personal data about you to GoToMeeting. The privacy policy of GoToMeeting applies.
e. Information that you provide to us in connection with a request to determine your prudsys personalization index is only used to process that request. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. We reserve the right to contact you for marketing purposes.
f. Information that you provide to us in connection with an express application is only used to process that application. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. We will contact you once we have seen your application. Please note our privacy statement regarding applications.
g. Information that you provide to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (prudsys eNews) is only processed to send the newsletter. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
h. Information that you provide to us in connection with a subscription to a mailing list is only processed to send press releases. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
i. Information that you provide to us in connection with a press request is only used to process the request. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
j. Information that you provide to us in connection with the downloading of a white paper is only processed to send the white paper. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. We reserve the right to contact you up to two times for marketing purposes.
k. Information that you provide to us in connection with making an appointment is only processed to arrange the appointment. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
l. Information that you provide to us in connection with ordering tickets is only used to process the order and for your participation in the event. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. You will receive e-mails before and after the event containing information about the event.
m. Information that you provide to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (summit eNews) is only processed to send the newsletter. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
n. Information that you provide to us in connection with registering a team is only processed to carry out the DATA MINING CUP. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. Before, during and after the event you (i.e. team leader) will receive e-mails containing information about the event.
o. Information that you provide to us in connection with the submission of a solution for the DATA MINING CUP is only processed to evaluate the solution. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
p. Information that you provide to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (DMC eNews) is only processed to send the newsletter. As of 25 May 2018, the legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATA
Recipients of personal data include:
– Managed Hosting (server provisioning) – applies to a. through p.
– Mailingwork (newsletter, white paper) – applies to g., h., j., m. and p.
– LogMeIn Ireland Limited (web session/demo) – applies to d.
– GK Software SE – applies to b. and d.
– Google Inc. – applies to a. through t.
– Youtube – applies to s.
DURATION FOR WHICH PERSONAL DATA IS STORED
a. Cookies are stored in your browser as so-called session cookies. Your browser deletes the cookies automatically when you leave the website. In this case, the duration for which the cookies are stored depends on the technical functionality of the browser you are using.
b. Personal data sent to us in connection with a contact request on our website is stored for the length of time it takes to process the request.
c. Personal data sent to us in connection with a support request on our website is stored for the length of time it takes to process the request.
d. Personal data sent to us in connection with a web session request on our website is stored for the length of time it takes to process the request.
e. Personal data sent to us in connection with a request to determine your prudsys personalization index on our website is stored for the length of time it takes to process the request.
f. Personal data sent to us in connection with an express application on our website is stored for three months. Please note our privacy statement regarding applications.
g. Personal data sent to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (prudsys eNews) on our website is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Every newsletter contains a link to unsubscribe.
h. Personal data sent to us in connection with registration for a mailing list on our website is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Each mailing contains a link to unsubscribe.
i. Personal data sent to us in connection with a press request on our website is stored while the request is processed.
j. Personal data sent to us in connection with the downloading of a white paper on our website is stored while the request is processed.
k. Personal data sent to us in connection with making an appointment on our website is stored while the request is processed.
l. Personal data sent to us in connection with ordering tickets on our website is stored while the request is processed until the end of the event.
m. Personal data sent to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (summit eNews) on our website is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Every newsletter contains a link to unsubscribe.
n. Personal data sent to us in connection with registering a team on our website is stored while the request is processed until the end of the competition.
o. Personal data sent to us in connection with submitting a solution for the DATA MINING CUP on our website is stored for two years.
p. Personal data sent to us in connection with a newsletter subscription (DMC eNews) on our website is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Every newsletter contains a link to unsubscribe.
q. Personal data collected in connection with web analysis is stored for 26 months.
RIGHT TO ACCESS, CORRECT, DELETE, RESTRICT
The person concerned has the right to access the personal data as well as to correct it, delete it and restrict its processing. That person also has the right to object to its processing.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
The person concerned has the right to data portability.
RIGHT OF APPEAL TO THE SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
You have the right to appeal to the supervisory authority.
PROVISION OF PERSONAL DATA
You are not legally obligated to provide your personal data.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING INCLUDING PROFILING
There is no automated decision making including profiling when using personal data.
GOOGLE FONTS
We use “Google Fonts” on our website. These fonts belong to Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Register: 368047 – “Google”). We use these fonts so that our Internet presence runs as smoothly and as clearly as possible.
A connection between your browser and the Google server is established to display these fonts. The IP address is contained in this communication. Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 f GDPR forms the legal basis for the abovementioned processing by which we justify our legitimate interest in a uniform presentation.
To opt-out, please go to the following link at the top of our page: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
More detailed information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
GOOGLE MAPS
We use the Google Maps API, a service of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Register: 368047 – “Google”), on our website to display geographic information such as locations and event sites on interactive maps. We have embedded it in the “advanced data protection mode”, i.e. no data is transmitted if you do not display the maps.
By visiting the website, Google obtains information that you accessed from the corresponding subpage on our website. Other data is also transmitted. This happens regardless of whether you have a Google user account or not. If you are logged in to Google, your information is assigned directly to your account. If you don’t want Google to assign information to your profile, you must log out before pressing the button. Google stores your information as a user profile and uses it for advertising purposes, market research and/or needs-based website design. This evaluation takes place in particular (even for users not logged in) to carry out needs-based advertising and to inform other users in the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of this user profile. To exercise this right, contact Google.
Further information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by Google can be found in the privacy statement. Further information regarding your rights and settings options to protect your privacy can also be found there: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal information in the USA and is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
YOUTUBE VIDEOS
We use YouTube videos on our website. They are stored on https://www.youtube.com and can be played directly from our website. The videos are embedded in the “advanced data protection mode”, i.e. you, the user, do not transmit any data to YouTube if you do not play the videos. The data is only transmitted when you play the videos. We have no influence over this data transmission.
The operating company for YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA. The service on de.youtube.com is provided by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
If you visit a single page and click on the embedded video, the respective YouTube component automatically gives the Internet browser on your IT system permission to download a representation of the corresponding YouTube component. You can find more information about YouTube here https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/. As part of this technical process, YouTube and Google are notified of the exact subpage on our website that you are visiting. Other data is also transmitted. This takes place regardless of whether or not you have a YouTube user account. If you are logged in to Google, your information is assigned directly to your account. If you don’t want Google to assign information to your YouTube profile, you must log out before pressing the button. YouTube stores your information as a user profile and uses it for advertising purposes, market research and/or needs-based website design. This evaluation takes place in particular (even for users not logged in) to carry out needs-based advertising and to inform other users in the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of this user profile. To exercise this right, contact YouTube.
Further information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by YouTube can be found in the privacy statement. Further information regarding your rights and settings options to protect your privacy can also be found there: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal information in the USA and is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
ANALYTICS TOOLS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Register: 368047 – “Google”). The use includes the “Universal Analytics” operating mode. This facilitates the assignment of data, sessions and interactions across several devices to a pseudonymous user ID and thus the analysis of a user’s activities across devices. This data protection notice is provided by https://prudsys.de/en/.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to allow the website operator to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use. Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is § 15 para. 3 TMG and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user-identifiers (e.g. User-IDs) or advertising-identifiers are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the Browser Add-on. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. To prevent Universal Analytics from collecting data across several devices, you must opt-out on all systems used.
If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set: Disable Google Analytics
MissionWe automate personalization and pricing processes in retail by means of artificial intelligence (AI).Serviceprudsys eNews
Downloads
Support
More about prudsysretail intelligence summit
DATA MINING CUP
GK Software SE
Scroll to top
prudsys AG uses cookies to ensure you the best experience on our website. When you browse the website you agree to our use of cookies.OKPrivacy & SettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Datenschutz 2018
Accept settingsHide notification onlyOpen Message Bar