https://prudsys.de/en/5-ways-dynamic-pricing-can-help-the-consumer-electronics-industry-succeed/
While my last dynamic pricing blog dealt with industry-specific features of dynamic price optimization in the fashion industry, today we’ll look at consumer electronics. The consumer electronics industry is one of the most challenging industries I have encountered in the dynamic pricing project business so far. This is, because it turns faster than most other industries and is also driven by one of the strongest competitive dynamics of all. In order to survive as a retailer here, dynamic price optimization using AI software is essential. This is how you ensure your profitability and simultaneously establish yourself as a global competitor. In this blog post I have worked out the 5 most important success drivers that can be achieved with dynamic pricing.
Clean and detailed product master data
High data quality is the fundamental basis for successfully digitizing and automating processes. For dynamic price optimization, the quality of product master data is crucial. The cleaner and more detailed the data is, the more successfully a pricing software functions, and the more diverse the possible business cases become. For example, if product master data contains attributes such as brand, color or model of an item, you can easily price entire product families intelligently and dynamically with the help of a pricing software.
When it comes to dynamically pricing longtailers, or slow-moving items, the process becomes easier when the number of product attributes that are stored in the master data increases. For this purpose, the attributes of all articles are analyzed and corresponding price groups are formed. Then the longtail products are assigned to these price groups based on their attributes. Thereby the initial price level is determined for these articles and the further price optimization can follow.
Calculate price elasticities for each product
For the consumer electronics industry, it is particularly important to be able to calculate price elasticities at the product level at least daily. In addition to pricing decisions, these can also be used for advertising. In both cases, the demand for a product highly influences any decision. In the consumer electronics sector, margins are often very low, so many product prices do not have much room to fluctuate – especially when measured against competitors. Here, price elasticity can be used to identify products that are less in the perception of consumers. That means, that customers hardly react to price changes (even to uplifts) of these products and that is why they are also less relevant to competition. The pricing software then prices these products based on gross profit margins, ensuring your profitability and competitiveness in the long term.
In addition, product-level demand can be used as a basis for decision-making in order to actively control advertising campaigns. For example, you may prefer to include products with a high demand in your marketing campaigns in order to increase customer frequency, turnover and sales.
Determine cross-price elasticities
When it comes to dynamic price optimization, it is important to be able to strategically consider complementary goods and substitutes, and also to be able to price them separately. Complementary goods that are purchased together – such as a monitor and the matching cable – can be determined via cross-price elasticities and offered directly as a bundle. The central advantage of this approach is that bundles can increase both profit and frequency. However, to avoid cannibalization, pricing software should take substitutes into account, so the sale of one item does not automatically lead to a decline in demand for its substitute(s).
Target sales dates and target sales ratios should be processed by the pricing software
Driving price decisions by target sales dates and target sales ratios enables the optimal use of supplier bonuses or market development funds. At the same time, it also supports your inventory planning team to plan your storage capacities in such a way that, for example, discontinued models are sold out before a new generation is introduced.
Regular price adjustments
Industry giants such as Amazon often dictate the dynamics of the competition, as is the case with consumer electronics. What’s more, Amazon adjusts its prices multiple times a day, even hourly during peak times. In order to keep up, you should rely on regular price changes. A dynamic price optimization solution supports you in this and takes a large part of the manual price maintenance off your hands. According to your assortment and current influences (e.g. new releases, upcoming holidays or changed demand due to the pandemic), you can adjust prices daily, weekly or monthly. For each price change by the pricing software, you can also specify the business KPIs on which the price adjustment should be based.
From my point of view, consumer electronics retailers can only remain competitive in the long term if they rely on dynamic pricing. Reach out to me today to learn how dynamic pricing can benefit your business.
24. September 2020/by Mrs Pricing
https://prudsys.de/wp-content/uploads/consumer-electronics3.png
628
1200
Mrs Pricing
https://prudsys.de/wp-content/uploads/prudsys-logo-rgb-homepage-213x88-2018.png
Mrs Pricing2020-09-24 11:58:462020-09-24 14:16:485 Ways Dynamic Pricing Can Help the Consumer Electronics Industry Succeed
Expert Knowledge on Price Optimization & Personalization
Join one of our free webinars to find out in just 30 minutes how you can automate your price optimization and personalization processes based on artificial intelligence.
To the webinars
prudsys eNews
Subscribe to our monthly newsletter and receive trends in omnichannel personalization, dynamic pricing, best practice, blog posts, white papers and more via e-mail, for free directly to your inbox.
Please fill in your e-mail address.e-mailPlease accept the privacy statement.I agree to the privacy statement of prudsys AG.Sign up
Knowledge To Go
Discover valuable white papers and case studies on the topics of dynamic pricing and personalization on our downloads page.
Go to downloads
Get back to us! Do you like the blog post? Have you made similar or completely different experiences? We are looking forward to your comments on this topic.
MissionWe automate personalization and pricing processes in retail by means of artificial intelligence (AI).Serviceprudsys eNews
Downloads
Support
More about prudsysretail intelligence summit
DATA MINING CUP
GK Software SE
How Dynamic Price Optimization Benefits Fashion Retail
5 Approaches to Successful Dynamic Pricing in Food Retailing
Scroll to top
prudsys AG uses cookies to ensure you the best experience on our website. When you browse the website you agree to our use of cookies.OKPrivacy & SettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Datenschutz 2018
Accept settingsHide notification onlyOpen Message Bar