https://publiclibraries.com/terms-of-use/
Public Records
Obituaries
Last Revision Date: 3/30/2018
About Using This Website
By using this website you are accepting and agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use and the PublicLibraries.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this policy you are not allowed to use this website.
Content Copyright and Trademarks
All content and materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. You may not use the materials for any commercial purpose and you may not publish the materials on any other web site. We take the copying of our content seriously and will seek remedy under all applicable copyright laws including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
License To Use This Website
By using this website you agree to the exclusions and limitations of liability stated above and accept them as reasonable. Do not use this website if you do not agree that they are reasonable.
If any of the points in these Terms of Use are found to be unenforceable under applicable law, that will have no bearing on the enforceability of the rest of the Terms of Use.
Material on this website, including text and images, is protected by copyright law and is copyright to PublicLibraries.com unless credited otherwise. It may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
Prior written consent of the copyright holder must be obtained for any other use of material. No part of this site may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose or financial gain. No part of this website may be published on any other website.
All intellectual property rights in relation to this website are reserved and owned by PublicLibraries.com.
Links to Other websites and Products
Links to other websites are provided for the convenience of users. We are unable to provide any warranty regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content of such sites, or the reliability, quality or effectiveness of any products provided through external websites. A link to an external site does not imply an endorsement of the views, information or products provided or held by such websites.
Public Records Search and People Search Service
The “Public Records Search” and “People Search” services on publiclibraries.com are powered by BeenVerified. By using either of these services you agree to be bound by BeenVerified’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and to use BeenVerified in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA).
Warranties and Liability
While every effort is made to ensure that the content of this website is accurate, the website is provided “as is” and PublicLibraries.com makes no representations or warranties in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information found on it. While the content of this site is provided in good faith, we do not warrant that the information will be kept up to date, be true and not misleading, or that this site will always (or ever) be available for use.
We do not warrant that the servers that make this website available will be error, virus or bug free and you accept that it is your responsibility to make adequate provision for protection against such threats. We recommend scanning any files before downloading.
Nothing on this website should be taken to constitute professional advice or a formal recommendation and we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the content and use of this site.
In no event will PublicLibraries.com be liable for any incidental, indirect, consequential or special damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of profit, loss of contracts, goodwill, data, information, income, anticipated savings or business relationships, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damage, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any linked websites.
Exceptions
Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits any warranty implied by law for death, fraud, personal injury through negligence, or anything else which it would not be lawful for PublicLibraries.com to exclude.
Changes to Terms of Use
We reserve the right to revise and amend these Terms of Use from time to time and any revised version will be deemed to be applicable from the first date of publication on this website.
Social
Follow @PubLibs