http://public.assiniboine.net/privacy
Skip to main content
Winter Break Closure: Dec 21 - Jan 4
|
COVID-19 Updates
Read more
Assiniboine College
Main navigation
Study Here
Programs & Courses
Find a Program
Continuing Studies
Advanced Credentials
Adult Learning & Upgrading
Agriculture Extension
Apprenticeship Training
Distance Education
English Language Training
Why Assiniboine
The Assiniboine Advantage
Publications
Indigenous Students
International Students
Future Students
Available Programs
Accepted Students
Visit Us
Information Sessions
Campus Virtual Tours
Spend a Day at Assiniboine
Contact Recruitment
Request Program Information
Career Quiz
Counsellor's Corner
Admissions
Applying to Assiniboine
Apply to a Program
Admission Requirements
International Applications
Admissions Process
Articulation Agreements
Student Aid & Awards
Financial Aid & Awards Office
Scholarships & Bursaries
Student Line of Credit
Government Student Aid
RESP and RRSP
Registrar's Office
Contact the Registrar's Office
Academic Information
Forms & Documents
Important Dates
Graduation
New Student Orientation
Information for Parents
Fees & Payment
Fees
Payment Options
Sponsorship
Tax Receipts
Student Life
Student Services
Student Supports
Student Advising
Financial Advising
The Learning Curve
Library
Test Centre
Accessibility and Disability
Indigenous Supports
Cultural Centres
Indigenous Affairs
Visiting Elders & Knowledge Keepers
Resources for Students
Access MyACC
Child Care
Housing and Transportation
Mental Health & Wellness
Technology Requirements
Bookstore
Student Job Board
Students' Association
Athletics
Cougars Athletics
Upcoming Games
Prospective Athletes
Community
News & Events
College News
Upcoming Events
Events at MICA
Cougars Games
Student & Staff Spotlights
COVID-19 Updates
About Us
About Assiniboine
Board of Governors
Communications & Marketing
Applied Research
Campus Hours & Services
Campus Hours & Access
Accessibility
Parking Information
Fitness Centre
The Protein Pantry
Employers
Co-op Work Placements
Employer Day
Post a Job
Alumni
Alumni Association
Alumni Magazine
Funding Futures
Alumni Awards
Parkland Alumni Awards
Assiniboine Foundation
About the Foundation
Prairie Innovation Centre for Sustainable Agriculture
Giving Opportunities
Donate Today
Working at Assiniboine
Careers at Assiniboine
Centre for Learning and Innovation
Employee Giving
Mental Health & Wellness
Staff Directory
CJ-106 FM
About CJ-106 FM
Our Schedule
Volunteer
Donate to CJ-106 FM
Careers
Contact us
Donate
Quick Links
Moodle
Remote Login
Timesheets
Webmail
CJ106
MyACC
I want to...Select an option...
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Assiniboine Community College is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Assiniboine Community College Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Assiniboine Community College website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Notice Regarding Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information by the College
Assiniboine Community College (“ACC”) is governed by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) and the Personal Health Information Act (“PHIA”). ACC derives its mandate from the Colleges Act.
ACC takes your privacy very seriously.
ACC collects personal information in the course of admission, registration and related activities, and in the course of delivering its services and programming.
The information collected includes contact information, date of birth, gender identity, any self-declared information regarding ethnicity or disability, and may include some limited health information. Once you are accepted and enrolled with ACC, further information may be collected from you and, as you progress through your program, ACC will collect information such as your grades, your graduation date, and diploma attained. ACC may also collect information about you to assist with the development of any special accommodations you require and such information may include personal health information.
Information is collected when you access Student Services or receive any other ACC services.
In addition to the uses authorized by FIPPA, PHIA and the Colleges Act, and as otherwise prescribed by law, ACC will use your information to assess your eligibility for enrolment, and to deliver its programming. ACC will use the information to provide you with reasonable accommodations as required by the Human Rights Code, where applicable. ACC may use your personal information on enrolment to contact you to advise you of various supports and resources that may assist you while a student at ACC, including programs and advising opportunities offered through its services for students.
As a student you are automatically a member of the Assiniboine Community College Students’ Association (“ACCSA”) and ACC will share your contact information with the ACCSA so they are aware that you are now one of their members and can inform you of the services they offer including insurance products offered to ACC students.
ACC has an ongoing obligation to evaluate its programs and assess student and graduate success. ACC periodically undertakes internal reviews of its programs and is mandated to have its programs externally reviewed from time to time. Your personal information may be used in the course of such reviews to assess demand for the programs as well as student and graduate success. Your personal information may be used to contact you for the purpose of surveys and other studies.
Your personal information may also be used to conduct research into related statistical profiling and reporting activities.
ACC has obligations to provide information to various government entities such as the Government of Canada including but not limited to Statistics Canada or Immigration, Refugee and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), and the Government of Manitoba including but not limited to the Department of Advanced Education and Apprenticeship Manitoba. The information provided is limited to that information required by government to fulfill its legislative mandate or to ensure that the student has access to certain government programs such as apprenticeships. Such entities are themselves governed by privacy legislation and must collect and use the information in accordance with their legislation.
For those students enrolled in programs requiring entry into a regulated profession such as the Licensed Practical Nursing Program, information about those students, their status as students, and stage in the program is regularly shared with the appropriate regulatory bodies that govern the profession, such as the College of Licensed Practical Nursing. In all such cases the information provided is limited to that specifically requested in accordance with their legislative mandate or as required to ensure that the student may fully participate and meet the requirements of their program of study.
Confirmation of enrollment and attendance data for sponsorships, funding, grant and loan applications may also be shared with third parties that request it and who are providing such funding.
ACC will share your contact information and course of study, along with your graduation date and credential attained with the Assiniboine Community College Foundation and the Assiniboine Community College Alumni Association who may in turn use your information to keep you informed of ACC events and initiatives and to assist ACC’s advancement and development efforts.
In the event of an emergency or whether otherwise appropriate and permitted by law, ACC may disclose your personal information to health authorities, emergency medical technicians, or to the police. ACC is obliged to limit any disclosure to that information which is reasonably necessary for the purpose of the disclosure and use by the receiving party.
ACC’s collection, use and sharing of personal information is set out in its Privacy Policy and a copy of it is available by request from the FIPPA/PHIA Coordinator.
By submitting your application to ACC you confirm that you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as set out above.
Should you have any questions or concerns about ACC’s collection and use of your personal information, or wish to withdraw your consent or opt out of some disclosures, you may contact:
FIPPA/PHIA Coordinator at AccessandPrivacy@assiniboine.net
Website Browsing & Use of Cookies
There is information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Assiniboine Community College. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Assiniboine Community College for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Assiniboine Community College Web site.
The Assiniboine Community College Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Assiniboine Community College pages, or register with Assiniboine Community College site or services, a cookie helps Assiniboine Community College to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Assiniboine Community College Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Assiniboine Community College features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Assiniboine Community College services or websites you visit.
Notification of disclosure of personal information to Statistics Canada
Statistics Canada is the national statistical agency. As such, Statistics Canada carries out hundreds of surveys each year on a wide range of matters, including education.
It is essential to be able to follow students across time and institutions to understand, for example, the factors affecting enrolment demand at postsecondary institutions. The increased emphasis on accountability for public investment means that it is also important to understand 'outcomes'. In order to conduct such studies, Statistics Canada asks all colleges and universities to provide data on students and graduates. Institutions collect and provide to Statistics Canada, student identification information (student's name, student ID number, Social Insurance Number), student contact information (address and telephone number), student demographic characteristics, and enrolment information.
The federal Statistics Act provides the legal authority for Statistics Canada to obtain access to personal information held by educational institutions. The information may be used for statistical purposes only, and the confidentiality provisions of the Statistics Act prevent the information from being released in any way that would identify a student.
Students may contact Statistics Canada via e-mail if they have any questions: statcan.PSIS-SIEP.statcan@canada.ca.