https://pubsplus.illinois.edu/terms
Search
Lightning bolt
Book
Shopping cart
Check
Down
An arrow pointing downward
Back
An arrow pointing left
Forward
An arrow pointing right
Up
An arrow pointing upward
Crops
Exclamation
Group
Heartbeat
Language
Leaf
Money
Plant
Recycle
Safety
Search
User
ACES
ACES
College of ACES
PubsPlus
University of Illinois
University of Illinois
University of Illinois
Close
×
Shop by Category
Agriculture
Classroom Materials
Dollars and Sense
Environment
Family Matters
Gardening
Healthy Living
Horticulture
Leadership and Community
Pesticide Safety
Publicaciones en Español
Terms of Use
PubsPlus and its associates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
All personally identifiable information gathered at the PubsPlus website remains private; it will not be sold or shared with any non-University organization without your express permission.
All PubsPlus transaction information is stored in a secure database and protected from loss, misuse, or alteration.
PubsPlus adheres to a comprehensive anti-spam policy. PubsPlus email is sent solely to interested subscribers on an "opt-in" basis; we do not use rented or purchased lists. We respectfully limit the frequency of our promotional emails, contacting you only when we believe the contents are of genuine interest. All PubsPlus emails contain an automated unsubscribe option.
For more information, review the University of Illinois privacy policy.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of the University of Illinois or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of University of Illinois, with copyright authorship for this collection by the University of Illinois, and protected by international copyright laws.
Credit-Card Security
All PubsPlus online credit-card transactions are processed by VeriSign, one of America’s most trusted web-based payment systems. If you choose to pay for your online order with a credit card, you will be automatically redirected to the secure server. After you have completed your credit-card transaction through the secure web interface, you will be returned to the PubsPlus website. Your credit-card number will not be stored on our computer or in our customer accounts database.
While we welcome questions sent by email and fax, we do not recommend sending credit-card orders by email or fax, as we cannot guarantee the security of account numbers transmitted in that manner.
Returns
You may return any print publication for credit or cash refund of the purchase price if the item is returned in original condition within 90 days of purchase and the title remains part of our current inventory. Shipping charges are not refundable. CDs and videotapes will be replaced if defective, but they may not be returned for credit or cash refund. Downloadable PDFs are not refundable. Downloadable digital resources are not refundable but may be replaced with a CD or USB flash drive if the download does not work properly.
Backorders
High product demand may temporarily deplete our supply. If your product is on backorder, our customer service staff will contact you regarding your order status.
Disclaimers
Information provided in University of Illinois publications is the most current available at press time. Changes in recommendations, chemical formulations, and applicable laws may have occurred since publication. All publications and other materials are sold "as is"; the University of Illinois makes no representations about the suitability of information provided for any particular purpose.
Trade names mentioned in publications are provided as examples only; their use does not constitute an endorsement by the University of Illinois, nor does it imply discrimination against other products.
Site Policies
Please review our other policies, such as our Shipping and Returns policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to PubsPlus. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. Prices, shipping rates, and product descriptions are subject to change without notice.
Questions
If you have questions regarding our Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, or other policy-related material, please contact our support staff.
Back to top