http://quizstar.4teachers.org/terms_use.jsp
4Teacher Tools
QuizStar
RubiStar
TrackStar
NoteStar
Home |
Instructor Site
|
Student Site
|
FAQ |
Contact Us
Create Online Quizzes and Organize Results
Terms of Use
This online version of QuizStar is a fee-based
service for instructors in public and private schools,
grades K-12 only.
If you are an organization, specialty school,
higher educational institution, for-profit organization,
or a corporate organization you may not use this site.
Please
Contact Us
for information on our other versions available for purchase.
QuizStar is not a secure testing environment and should not be used as a replacement for existing testing procedures. This tool should be used as a knowledge building experience to supplement normal lesson plans.
Quizzes must be created for educational purposes. Quizzes may be deleted if they are found to be personal or commercial.
A valid email address must be supplied in order for ALTEC to be allowed contact with the author. E-mail addresses are confidential (unless you choose to make them public) and will only be used for contact by ALTEC staff. Note: All personal information will be kept confidential and will not be used for any purposes other than for administration of this site.
QuizStar is an educational tool and not intended for free use by corporate or for-profit organizations.
The features and options available to users are presented 'as-is'. ALTEC will not alter the web site to suit particular wishes. We are, however, open to suggestions for improving this site's features and functionality. If you have any comments or suggestions, please Contact Us
ALTEC reserves the right to modify or discontinue QuizStar without notice.
The administrators of QuizStar will not be held liable for any lost or incorrectly represented data. Should a system error occur, ALTEC will make attempts to restore lost data, but cannot guarantee all data to be recovered or accurately compiled.
ALTEC will not be held responsible in cases of cheating or false identification of users who take your quiz(zes). Procedures are in place to deter cheating, but ALTEC will not be held liable if cheating occurs.
Users agree to abide by all local, state, national and international laws and regulations applicable to your use of QuizStar.
Prohibited Use
QuizStar does not actively monitor each quiz. If it is noted,
however, that a quiz is in violation of our Terms of Use,
ALTEC reserves the right, but not the duty, to remove the offending material.
If it is noted that a user is in violation of any federal,
state, or local laws, the authorities will be contacted.
ALTEC reserves the right to alter or remove quizzes without
the consent of the author if a quiz is found to contain
inappropriate or offensive material.
In connection with use of QuizStar, users agree to the following:
Users will not modify existing code or the presentation of the resource in any manner.
Users will not copy the code in any way that duplicates the service or presents this service in an alternate manner.
Users will not post any material that is intended to offend or attack. Quizzes will not contain information that is derogatory or defaming to any individual, group of individuals, or organizations.
Users will not post any information or content, including but not limited to visual images, that are unlawful, false or misleading, or that promote illegal conduct or purposes.
Users will not promote bigotry, racism, hatred, or harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Users will not post materials that harass or are libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, vulgar, obscene, tortious, or otherwise objectionable.
Users will not post or transmit, through QuizStar, materials that would violate any law or the rights of others, including, without limitation, any threatening, harassing, defamatory, or obscene materials.
Users will not post materials that are or could be in any way harmful to minors.
Users will not upload, post, or otherwise transmit any viruses or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; access or attempt to access any software or content you are not authorized to access; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to QuizStar or any systems, accounts, passwords, servers, or networks connected to or accessible through QuizStar.
Users will not use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods.
Users will not post materials that violate laws against copyright infringement or intellectual property or other rights of another.
Users will not post materials that violate rights of privacy and publicity.
Users will not use QuizStar to post junk mail, spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail, commercial or otherwise.
TrackStar |
RubiStar |
NoteStar |
Profiler Pro |
More Tools
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Contact Us |
ALTEC
QuizStar copyright © 2000-2008 ALTEC - Advanced Learning Technologies
Center for Research on Learning at The University of Kansas
Why ads?