http://registrar.uoregon.edu/records-privacy
Jump to content
ApplyVisitGive
Navigation
Main menuA-Z Index
Calendars
Faculty & Staff
Students
Transcripts
Transfer Credits
Tuition
Privacy
Coronavirus Updates and Information
Remote Resources
2020–21 Temporary Changes
Final Exams Information and Schedule
Student Records Privacy Policy
You are hereHome
The University of Oregon is committed to the privacy and security of our students. The University of Oregon Student Records Policy complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) - sometimes called the Buckley Amendment - which establishes students’ rights and institutions’ responsibilities regarding the privacy of education records. It provides guidelines for maintaining the confidentiality of education records and monitoring the release of information from those records.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
FERPA was enacted by the U.S. Congress in 1974 and has since had many amendments. Responsibility for oversight of FERPA compliance rests with the Department of Education's Family Policy Compliance Office.
To see how FERPA regulations apply to you, select a category:
Students Parents Faculty & StaffStudent Records Policy
The information provided on this web site is for informational purposes only. The complete text of the University of Oregon Student Records Policy, which takes precedence over all other published versions, is available at the University of Oregon's Policy Library.
Definitions
Directory Information
Items marked as Directory Information will be provided to a third party upon request unless a Directory Information Restriction has been filed.
Directory information includes:
Student's full name
Mailing and permanent address(es) and telephone number(s)
E-mail address
The fact that you are or ever were enrolled
Enrollment status (e.g., full-time, half-time or less than half-time)
Class level and majors/minors
Dates of attendance
Degrees, certificates, honors or awards received
Cumulative credit hours
Participation in officially recognized activities
Your status as a graduate teaching fellow and your teaching assignment, if applicable
Not directory information:
UO ID number
Personal Access Code (PAC)
Date of birth
Gender
Ethnicity
All addresses and telephone numbers except Mailing and Permanent (e.g. Alternate Billing Address, Contact/Emergency Address, RO Diploma Address, etc.)
Parent names and/or addresses
GPA or grades
Current term credits or class schedule (CRNs, meeting times, locations)
Information on academic standing (probation, disqualification, etc.) or whether student is eligible to return to school
Petitions to ARC or SRC
Whether student has applied for graduation
Unmet degree requirements for graduation
Accounts Receivable balance
Financial records of parents
Student employment records
Psychiatric or psychological records
Copies of transcripts from other schools or colleges
This information is also available in a PDF chart.
Education Records
Education records are those records directly related to a student maintained by the university or by a party acting for the university.
Some examples include:
records of grades
coursework
records indicating progress toward a degree
student financial account records
Some records created and maintained by the university, although not covered by FERPA, may be subject to other federal and state laws or regulations regarding disclosure.
Legitimate Educational Need
University staff and faculty members performing instructional, supervisory, advisory, or administrative duties for the University are considered to have a legitimate educational need for access to student data for students for whom they are performing these functions.
School Official
A school official is a:
person employed by the University or in the chancellor’s office of the Oregon University System
person or entity, including a governmental entity, with whom the University or the Oregon University System has contracted (e.g. National Student Clearinghouse for enrollment and degree verifications)
person serving on the University’s governing board
student serving on an official committee or assisting another school official in performing his or her duties
Questions
Julia Pomerenk, University Registrar, is the designated Custodian of Student Records. Questions about the Student Records Policy or the information described above should be forwarded to Ms. Pomerenk (jpom@uoregon.edu) or (541) 346-3195.
a
Privacy
Faculty & StaffCode of Responsibility
Responding to Inquiries
Unregistered Students
FERPA Quiz
Parents
StudentsRelease of Education Records
Restricting Directory Information
Resources and Forms
CAMPUS
Maps | Directions
Academic Advising
Office of Admissions
Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
Student Orientation Programs
Continuing and Professional Education
University Housing
University Counseling and Testing Center
Student Services & Enrollment Management
Graduate School
RESOURCES
Class Schedule
Academic Calendar
Find People
Webmail
UOMail
Canvas
DuckWeb
UO Libraries
For Journalists
Student Services & Enrollment Management
Office of the Registrar
5257 University of Oregon
Eugene
, OR
97403
Office: Oregon Hall, 234
P:
541-346-2935
F: 541-346-6682
Contact Us
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on YouTube
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on LinkedIn
Site Navigation
A-Z Index
Calendars
Faculty & Staff
Students
Transcripts
Transfer Credits
Tuition
Privacy Faculty & Staff ParentsStudents Resources and Forms
Take Action
ApplyVisitGive
Quick Links
Class Schedule DuckWebFind PeopleUO CatalogCampus Map