https://registrar.ucdavis.edu/records/privacy
Skip to main content
Official Privacy Notifications
Office of the University Registrar (OUR)
Academic Records
Official Privacy Notifications
The Office of the University Registrar is conducting business by phone & virtually.
Call 530-752-3639, M-F, 10 a.m.-2 p.m (PT)
Order official electronic UC Davis Transcripts
Need help? Contact an Expert
Please allow for extended response times. Thank you for visiting the Office of the University Registrar and for your ongoing patience & understanding during this unprecedented time!
Official Privacy Notifications
Official Privacy Notifications
Consumer Information
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Inspect & Review Records
Record Correction/Filing a Complaint
Release of Registration Material & Grades
Disclosure
The disclosure of information from student records is governed by the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), the State of California Education Code, and system-wide policy and procedures. These laws and regulations are in place to protect student's right to privacy, provide safeguards for the confidentiality of student records, permit students access to their own records, and provide a mechanism for students to petition to correct these records.
Pursuant to the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 and the University of California Policies Applying to the Disclosure of Information from Student Records, students at the University have the following rights to:
Withhold disclosure, in the absence of their prior consent for release, personally identifiable information from their student records, with exceptions as noted in the University student records policies.
Inspect and review records pertaining to themselves in their capacity as students.
Request correction of their own student records.
File a complaint with the United States Department of Education concerning alleged failures by the campus to comply with the requirements of the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
Students should also be aware that there are instances in which information can be disclosed without prior written consent of the student. The university may disclose a student’s educational records, including academic records, disciplinary records, and other student records, to another school at which the student has enrolled or transferred without obtaining prior student consent. This applies to any school previously or subsequently attended (or applied to) by the student, and to any type of student record.
University officials with a legitimate educational interest may require access to student records in the course of the performance of their assigned duties. Further, confidential information can be disclosed without prior written consent of the student in connection with conditions of certain financial aid awards; when the campus is complying with a judicial order or subpoena; and when authorized federal or state officials are conducting an audit or evaluation of federally supported educational programs. There are also other situations in which the University is required to disclose information. For a list of exceptions, see UC Davis Policy and Procedure 320-21.