https://reslife.uconn.edu/policies/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to UConn Search
Skip to Content
Skip to Chat
UConn
University of Connecticut school of
University of Connecticut
Search University of Connecticut
Search UConn
A to Z Index
UConn A to Z Index
Site A-Z
UConn A-Z
Policy Statement |
Solicitation Policy |
Dining Policy on Dining Hall Foyer Use |
Mailbox Policy
Canvassing, Posting and Solicitation Policy
This policy is established to promote and enhance the safety, security and privacy of students living on campus. Canvassing is prohibited in and around the residence halls and apartment facilities managed by Residential Life, except for the purposes of political canvassing outlined below. Posting of material(s) is permitted in the residence halls and apartments as outlined in this document. Solicitation is strictly prohibited in and around the residence halls and apartment facilities managed by Residential Life.
Political Canvassing Policy
Please view the Political Canvassing Policy on our Housing Contract and Forms page.
Posting Policy
Please view the Posting Policy on our Housing Contract and Forms page.
Solicitation Policy
Solicitation is defined as going door-to-door to directly sell or advertise for products and services, raise donations for charity, and or request for residents to make contributions for the tangible or intangible benefit of individuals or groups.
Door-to-door solicitation is prohibited. No person or student representing any organization or company is permitted to offer any products or services for purchase in the residence halls and apartments.
Students or student organizations wishing to raise non-cash donations for charity through social programs or other means may obtain permission from the appropriate Assistant Director of Building Services  to collect materials in a designated, non-living space, centralized location. Assistant Director contact information is located at https://fo.uconn.edu/building-services/. All donated items must comply with the current On-Campus Housing Contract expectations and not pose a health or fire safety threat to the community.
Dining Policy on Dining Hall Foyer Use
The Department of Dining Services allows student groups to utilize the Dining Units foyers for student table solicitation. If a student group wants a table they must register with the Student Union Events Services at (860) 486-3421. The name of the sponsoring organization must be on all advertising. Groups are not allowed to post flyers, banners or similar advertising on walls. Groups may use existing bulletin boards if they are available. Students may not solicit credit cards or credit card applications. If the sale of baked goods, etc will be taking place then prior approval and certification must take place with the Department of Environmental Health and Services. Groups must review all policies in the Student Organization Reservation Policies available at the reservations office in the Student Union Event Office. When all criteria are met the Reservations Office then contacts the Department of Dining Services to check on availability. Dining Services maintains the master calendar for foyer use. In the event the student group determines that they will not be using the table they had reserved they must call the Reservations Office between the hours of 8:00am and 4:00pm at least 24 hours in advance. Failure to cancel reservations may jeopardize the group’s future reservation privileges.
« Back to top
Mailbox Policy
Recognized student organizations and candidates for student government offices wishing to distribute political literature in the Residence Halls' and Apartments' mailboxes must contact the respective Associate Director of Residence Education at (860) 486-0353 to obtain approval.