https://sasc.uflib.ufl.edu/resources-policies/digital-reproductions/
Resources & Policies
Digital Reproductions
Resources & Policies Overview
Digital Reproductions
Researcher Referral
Circulation Policies
Reading Room Policies
The University of Florida George A. Smathers Special and Area Studies Collections (SASC) is committed to supporting research, teaching, scholarship, publication, and artistic production involving the use of materials from our physical and digital collections. SASC staff manage all duplication requests. Patrons requesting duplications of SASC content are asked to review this information and submit the Duplication and Use Request Form. Please download the form, fill it out, save it to your hard drive and then send to libspecdup@uflib.ufl.edu as an attachment.
Approved requests are normally processed in the order received.
Digitization shall be the primary method of remote patron duplication request fulfillment.
Not all duplication requests can be accommodated due to material format, donor restrictions, or preservation concerns.
Copyright and liability
Unless otherwise indicated, the University of Florida may not be the owner of the copyright for the materials being requested. Patrons requesting duplication will have responsibility for determining copyright status prior to reusing, publishing or reproducing this item for purposes other than what is allowed by fair use (17 U.S.C. §107) or other copyright exemptions. Any reuse of this item in excess of fair use or other copyright exemptions requires permission of the copyright holder and you agree to obtain such permission from third parties as may be required for your use.
The entire risk as to the use of the duplicates provided are assumed by the patron. Patrons agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the University of Florida and its officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, including costs and expenses, arising from the violation of rights of ownership, infringement of copyright, or invasion of privacy, or claims of libel, that may result from your use of the images.
Proper credit must accompany all items used. Exact attribution language will be provided to the patron upon fulfilment of the duplication request.
Please see the UF Libraries Copyright on Campus guide at guides.uflib.ufl.edu/copyright for more general copyright information.
Fees, turn-around time, RUSH, and delivery
Fees and turn around time:Duplication fees shall be charged to cover a portion of the cost associated with the reproduction services. There are no use fees.
Payment in full is required prior to delivery of images.  Please make checks out to the University of Florida. Requests will be processed once payment is received. Please see pricing chart below.
Please allow 25-30 business days for standard duplication requests to be completed. Some requests may require less or more time depending on the desired duplication. Duplication from audio and video collections should allow a minimum of 6 (six) weeks for completion.
In order to initiate a request, please fill out the Duplication and Use Request Form, which is an interactive pdf. Simply open the form, fill it out, save it to your hard drive and then send to libspecdup@uflib.ufl.edu as an attachment.
RUSH orders and fees:RUSH service depends on the availability of staff. RUSH service is available for patrons needing their duplication request faster than the stated turn-around time. The fee doubles the original invoice total. Duplication of AV and oversize materials are not available RUSH. If your request is not able to be filled using the RUSH service, a notification will be emailed.
Delivery of materials:Delivery of digitized content shall be mainly via email attachments, FTP, File Express and temporary secure network locations. Delivery of content on CD or DVD will result in additional fees.
Prices
The duplication fee will be charged to support the cost of the digitization effort. The fee will vary based on one of two patron types. (*See exemptions below.)
Non Profit entities including but not limited to UF Faculty and students, educators and non-profit organizations.Commercial entities or individuals on behalf of such entities.
To support research and scholarship, the first five images requested will be provided free of charge, per patron [either type], per month, for items under 11 by 17.
Non ProfitCommercial
Original scan, less than 11 by 17 (per image)$5$10
Original scan, over 11 by 17 (per image)$7$12
Original scan, entire volume (under 11 by 17)$65$75
Previously scanned image, delivered as JPG (per image)$1$3
Previously scanned image, delivered as TIFF (per image)$3$5
Delivery of content on CD or DVD (Domestic postage included)$5 per CD/DVD$10 per CD/DVD
*University of Florida departments and offices using SASC content for University purposes shall not be charged a Duplication Fee.
*University of Florida students using SASC content in their Dissertation or Thesis shall not be charged a Duplication Fee.
Please contact the Digital Asset Manager (libspecdup@uflib.ufl.edu) regarding the cost of digitization of audiovisual materials.
These prices do not include any research assistance.
Additional information
ADA requests for duplication shall be accommodated appropriately.
All patrons associated with the News Media must work with Barbara Hood, UF Library Director of Communications, bhood@uflib.ufl.edu, 352-273-2505.
SASC reserves the right to alter these policies at any time.
Policy effective as of May 22, 2015