https://scholarshipworkshop.com/termsofuse/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
About Us
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
My account
0 Items
Terms of Use
Online Privacy Statement
Personal information about visitors to this site, including e-mail addresses, will not be shared or sold by The Scholarship Workshop LLC. For more specific information about our privacy policy, click here.
Copyright
All material on The Scholarship Workshop Online and e-mail newsletters is copyrighted by Marianne Ragins. All rights reserved. The Scholarship Workshop Online is a product of The Scholarship Workshop LLC. E-mail newsletters are also a product of The Scholarship Workshop LLC.
Disclaimer
The links on this site, www.scholarshipworkshop.com, in our e-mail newsletters, and our social media media pages on Facebook and Twitter will let you leave and/or go beyond The Scholarship Workshop Online (www.scholarshipworkshop.com). The linked sites are not under the control of The Scholarship Workshop Online or Marianne Ragins. The Scholarship Workshop Online and/or Marianne Ragins is not responsible for the contents or products of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to linked sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by The Scholarship Workshop Online or Marianne Ragins of the linked site, its contents, or products.
The Scholarship Workshop Online is intended to provide accurate and comprehensive scholarship, college, and educational information from many sources to students, educators, and parents. The Scholarship Workshop LLC nor Marianne Ragins do not make any warranty of any kind regarding the results that users will achieve by using any information contained or mentioned in this site, in any e-mail newsletter or social media page.
Every effort has been made and will be made to keep this site updated with the most accurate and complete information, however no guarantee can be made about the accuracy and timeliness of this information. The Scholarship Workshop LLC and Marianne Ragins assume no liability for any errors or omissions, or for the content of non-local or local web pages and resources including books referenced on The Scholarship Workshop Online, in an e-mail newsletter, or on a social media page. If you find an error, omission, or bad link on www.scholarshipworkshop.com, an e-mail newsletter, or social media page, please send us an e-mail to: feedback@scholarshipworkshop.com. Please describe the error and its location in our site, e-mail newsletter, or social media page in your e-mail. Or you can visit our feedback page.
Refund Policy
If you are dissatisfied with a product you have ordered from The Scholarship Workshop LLC, you may return it within 30 days for a full refund less shipping and handling costs.
Shipping Policy
All orders are normally completed and shipped within 48 business hours. Unless expedited or special delivery instructions are given with an order, orders are shipped via USPS and are generally received within 5 to 10 business days. Expedited or special delivery orders may incur additional costs. If expedited or special delivery instructions are indicated, customers will be notified with any additional costs that may be incurred.
{"cart_token":"","hash":"","cart_data":""}