http://schoolkidz.com/privacy-policy
>> Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update <<
SchoolKidz Privacy Policy
U.S. Privacy Statement
Effective Date: March 23, 2017
This Privacy Statement applies to the handling of your Personal Information in connection with all services and Web sites offered by SchoolKidz™
This Privacy Statment describes:
Why we collect Personal Information
What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected
How your Personal Information is used and protected
When and with whom your Personal Information is shared
How to contact us with questions or comments
Information We Collect
This Privacy Statement applies to Personal Information, which is information that we collect from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual.
We may collect your Personal Information when you:
Place an order from our catalog or our Website
Create an account on our Websites
Return an item, make an exchange or submit a rebate
Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service
Request our catalog
Sign up for our email or text-message updates or other promotional materials
Enter our contest or sweepstake
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
Personal Information that we collect from you may include:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Fax number
Email address
Transaction information
Credit card, debit card or checking account information
Company history (in conjunction with new account set up)
We may also collect other information, including browsing activity on our Web sites, activity in response to our emails, location information, and aggregated or statistical information regarding use of our Web sites to improve site performance, product offerings, and promotions and targeted advertising. If you do not want to receive targeted advertising from us, please see the Cookies section below. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please see the Choices section below.
Note: In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services, we may combine Personal Information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you, from third parties or with other public information. We maintain this information, along with a record of your purchases, in restricted databases.
Some services we provide require us to become temporary custodians of customers' equipment, such as personal computers, that may contain Personal Information. It is our policy not to retain such information from customer equipment once the requested services are complete.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children younger than 13.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We strive to make your shopping experience easy and convenient, from your initial search for products and services through the delivery of your requested items. The information we collect helps us meet this goal by allowing us to:
Customize your shopping experience and identify your preferences
Confirm, process, fulfill, and track your orders
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
Inform you of special values and featured items
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Serve you targeted advertising
Send you email and text-message updates
Inform you of recalls or other information on products you have purchased
Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk
Administer promotions, contests, sweepstakes, and rewards programs
Improve our merchandise selection, Web sites and customer service
Comply with applicable legal demands, laws and regulations
California Residents &dash Notice of Disclosure.
California law gives California residents the right to request a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or other parties for their direct marketing purposes.
The notice that we give California residents under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 identifies the categories of Personal Information we shares with affiliated companies or others for their direct marketing purposes. The notice includes the names and addresses of those affiliated companies or others. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please email us at privacy@schoolkidz.com or write to us at:
Privacy and ComplianceSchoolKidz, Inc,
900 S. Frontage Road, Suite 200, Woodridge, IL 60517 USA
Use of "Cookies."
Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred from Web sites to your computer's hard drive and they may serve a variety of purposes (web beacons, Flash cookies and other similar technologies may also be used for these purposes). For example, cookies "remember" you when you return to one of our Web sites and make your experience more user-friendly. Cookies help us identify which web pages are visited and how often and evaluate how its Web sites are used to improve their services.
Cookies also enable us and our third parties to deliver targeted advertising to you. To learn how to opt out of these advertising-related cookies, [click here]. You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative by visiting their opt-out pages. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these pages, or if you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your opt-out may become ineffective and may need to be repeated. Browser settings, including do not track signals and other mechanisms, will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies, personalized third-party advertising or promotional messages from us; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt out from such promotional messages.
Your Choices Regarding Our Promotional Messages.
You may decide to opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. To do so, please notify us by one of the following means:
Follow the "unsubscribe" link on any promotional email from us
Email us at support@schoolkidz.com and tell us the marketing programs you want to opt-out from
Call us toll–free at 1-800-975-KITS
Write to us at SchoolKidz Inc, 900 S. Frontage Road, Suite 200, Woodridge, IL 60517, USA (please note that an opt-out request sent by postal mail may take at least sixty (60) days to become effective)
Once we have processed your request, you may continue to receive messages or postal mail from affiliated companies and others if they received your email, mobile number or postal address from us previously, from sources other than us or through their own transactions or communications with you. You will also continue to receive promotional messages if you later request to hear from us again.
Information Sharing.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties in the following instances:
We may provide your Personal Information to third parties to process this information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may disclose your Personal Information to: (a) satisfy applicable law, regulations, legal process or valid governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations of Terms of Service; (c) detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, its customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may disclose some elements of your Personal Information to third parties to notify you of offers or services that may be of interest to you. We do not share credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes.
We may disclose Personal Information to third parties in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale (including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving our Company or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock or asset sale, or other change in corporate control.
We may also disclose to third parties aggregated or other information that does not identify you individually, such as how many customers viewed a particular product or web page, to conduct website analytics or to serve you targeted advertising.
Third-Party Web Sites.
Our Web sites may contain links to, or plugins or widgets from, social media or other sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy practices on such sites may be different from our Privacy Statement. Similarly, our websites may be accessed and used from third-party sites that we do not control. We encourage you to consult the privacy policies that govern such sites before using them.
Information Security.
We maintain reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information.
When you enter Personal Information that contains credit or debit card number at the designated and secured sections of our websites, the site encrypts or encodes the information when sending it over the Internet. Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical, administrative, and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards.
We process Personal Information on our servers in the United States and in other countries. In some cases, we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Avoiding Identity Theft.
If you think someone has improperly accessed or used your Personal Information supplied to us or made unauthorized purchases at with us using your Personal Information, please contact us immediately.
Consider taking the following steps to protect yourself against fraud and identity theft:
Review your account statements regularly. Carefully review your bank, credit card, and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid. Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer.
Review your credit report from time to time. Obtain and review your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct. You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting http://www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228. Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly. If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies, contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report.
Create a fraud alert. Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. The fraud alert prompts creditors to contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts. You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of three consumer reporting agencies listed below. You need to contact only one of the three agencies in order to create the alert; the agency you contact is required by law to contact the other two. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies, free of charge. The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days.
EquifaxP.O. Box 740241Atlanta, GA 30374800-525-6285www.equifax.com
ExperianP.O. Box 9532Allen, TX 75013888-397-3742www.experian.com
TransUnionP.O. Box 6790Fullerton, CA 92834800-680-7289
For more guidance on steps you can take to protect your information and credit, contact the U.S. Federal Trade Commission by email at http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/features/feature-0014-identity-theft or by telephone at 877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338), or write to the Commission at:
Identity Theft Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, D.C. 20580
Changes to Your Personal Information.
To help ensure that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate, complete and current, please contact us with changes to your Personal Information by one of the means described in the section about Your Choices Regarding Our Promotional Messages above.
Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes, we will make good-faith efforts to correct your Personal Information when you notify us of an error or a change. To prevent unauthorized changes, we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before we process such requests.
We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update, correct or delete Personal Information. We also may decline to process certain requests that require a disproportionate technical or practical cost or effort or that could jeopardize the privacy of others or infringe upon ours rights or property.
How to Contact Us with Questions or Comments.
Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our treatment of Personal Information to us through this Web site, by emailing us at privacy@schoolkidz.com or by writing to us at:
Privacy and ComplianceSchoolKidz, Inc,
900 S. Frontage Road, Suite 200, Woodridge, IL 60517 USA
Upon receiving a written complaint from a customer, we contact the customer directly. We will investigate your complaint promptly and diligently to address your concerns and to resolve any dispute quickly.
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Statement.
Privacy Statement Updates.
This Privacy Statement may change from time to time. We will post on our Web sites all changes to the Privacy Statement, and, if the changes are significant, will provide a more prominent notice of the Privacy Statement change. Each version of this Privacy Statement will be identified by its effective date, found at the main page of the Privacy Statement.
If you have any additional questions
or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time
through this web site or at the email or postal mail
address contained at the beginning of this document.
Legend
March 23, 2017
We removed references to the US-EU and US-Swiss
Safe Harbor programs which have or will be discontinued.