https://scottishfootballmuseum.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
THE SCOTTISH FOOTBALL MUSEUM/THE HAMPDENEXPERIENCE) WEBSITE USE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This website (the “Site”) is provided by The Scottish Football Association Museum Trust, a private company registered in Scotland and having its registered office at Hampden Park, Glasgow G42 9BA with company number SC152276 (“we” or “us”).  Use of the Site is governed by these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”).  Please read them now.  If you are not willing to accept these Terms and Conditions you may not use the Site.
Any breach of the Terms and Conditions may, at our sole discretion, result in your rights to access the Site being suspended or removed.
Disclaimer
The Site and its contents are for general information only and are provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. Nothing on the Site is, or shall be deemed to constitute advice or any form of recommendation. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms. Specifically, we make no warranties, representations or undertakings about:
any of the content of the Site (including, without limitation, any as to the quality, accuracy, currency, completeness or fitness for any particular purpose of such content);
or
any content of any other third party website referred to or accessed by hypertext link through the Site.
We make no guarantees that the Site is free from so called computer viruses.  It is strongly recommended that you check for such viruses before downloading the Site or any of its contents.
Any prices stated on the Site are provided by way of information only and do not constitute an offer made by us. Any user wishing to purchase any goods or services viewed on the Site should contact the relevant person or department listed on the Site for up to date price information.
Links
The Site contains links to websites operated by third parties (“Third Party Websites”).  We do not control Third Party Websites, and are not responsible for their content.  The inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement or approval of any products, information, materials or services offered or provided on Third Party Websites, or any association with their operators.
Liability
We accept no liability for any claims, penalties, loss, damage or expenses howsoever arising from:  any reliance placed on the content of the Site; the use or inability to use the Site; the downloading of any materials from the Site; or any unauthorised access to or alteration to the Site. This clause shall not exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
Intellectual Property
The content of the Site (including, but not limited to all text and artwork) is protected by copyright.  The copyright is owned by us or is otherwise licensed from a third party for use by us.  The Site contains registered and unregistered trade marks of which we are the owner.
You may view or download any part of the Site for private purposes, but you are not permitted, without our permission, to:
store the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose;
print copies of the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose;
reproduce, copy or transmit the Site, or any part of the Site, in any way, for any other purpose or in any other medium.
All other rights which are not specifically granted are reserved.
User Content
The Site may give you the option to send us content to be posted on the Site by us (“User Content”). By sending us User Content, you will be deemed to:-
(i)consent to us editing that User Content at our discretion;
(ii) grant to us an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free licence to use and publish that User Content for any purpose associated with our general objective of promoting, fostering and developing football in Scotland;
(iii) irrevocably waive in our favour any moral rights you may have in such User Content in terms of Chapter IV Part I of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, and any similar rights available in any part of the world ; and
(iv) warrant to us that you are the owner of the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the user Content, that the User Content is your original work and that the User Content does not infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any third party.
We do not guarantee that any User Content you submit will be posted on the Site.
Please note that comments made by other users of the Site which may be posted on the Site are provided for your information only and do not necessarily represent our views and opinions.
User Conduct
You undertake that you will:-
not use the Site for any purpose which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person; and
not use the Site to transmit or distribute any information which contravenes any applicable law or any person’s legal rights.
Password Protected Areas
The Site may contain password protected areas which allow you to view certain selected content. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and are fully responsible for all activities occurring under your username or password.
Service Access
While we endeavour to ensure that the Site is normally available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy for details of how we use information about you.
Changes
We reserve the right to amend or replace the Terms and Conditions at any time.  If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Site.
Jurisdiction
The Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Scotland and any disputes that may arise will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Enquiries
For all enquiries please contact us at The Scottish Football Association Museum Trust, Hampden Park, Glasgow, G42 9BA, info@scottishfootballmuseum.org.uk or by phone on 0141 616 6139.
Museum closed - COVID-19 restrictions
11 December 2020 Due to the present Government guidelines on socialSee moreMuseum closed - Christmas Day
25 December 2020 Museum closed - Boxing Day
26 December 2020
We use cookies on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy