http://scpd.stanford.edu/privacy-policy
skip to navigation
skip to content
Find out more about resources for teaching and learning during COVID-19 >
mystanfordconnection
Breadcrumb
Home
SCPD Privacy Policy
SCPD Privacy Policy
The Stanford Center for Professional Development (“SCPD”) respects your privacy, will use reasonable efforts to keep your Personally Identifiable Information (i.e., information that can be used to identify you) private, and we will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, or unless Stanford has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others.
Throughout this Policy, we use the common abbreviation “PII” to denote Personally Identifiable Information, and we use “Engagements” to denote the SCPD courses, webinars, programs, and other SCPD activities in which learners participate.
What Information this Privacy Policy Covers
You may be able to use some of our Site's functionality and participate in some SCPD Engagements without revealing any PII. In this case, the only information we collect will be "Non-Personal Information" (i.e., information that cannot be used to identify you), which includes information such as the web pages that you have viewed. However, many SCPD Engagements, as well as some Site functionality (such as online course registration), require submission of some PII.  This PII may include information such as your name and email address, among other things, and you are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the PII you submit. Inaccurate information may affect your ability to participate in Engagements, your use of the Site, the information you receive from us or when using the Site, and our ability to contact you. For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary means by which we communicate with you.
What You Consent to by Using Our Site or Participating in Engagements
By submitting any PII, you consent and agree that Stanford may collect, use, and disclose such PII in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service/Use, and as permitted or required by law. If you do not agree with these terms, then please do not provide any PII to us. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, or if you choose not to provide us with any required PII, Stanford may be unable to provide you with certain services and you may be unable to participate in some Engagements.
Personal information provided to us by users outside of the United States may be transferred to other countries such as the United States, where data protection laws may differ from those of your home country. By providing us with your information you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to the U.S. and processed on servers in the U.S.
The Information We Collect
We gather the following types of information about our participants, including users of the Site:
Non-Personal Information. When users come to our Site, Stanford may track, collect and aggregate Non-Personal Information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Site. Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system and browser software used by each user of the Site. Although such information is not PII, we may be able to determine from an IP address a user's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
Cookies. Stanford also uses or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our Site links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our Site, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. Essentially, cookies are a user's identification card for the Stanford servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site and related functionalities. Cookies and web beacons allow us to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at our Site. Cookies and web beacons are not used to retain PII. From time to time we may also use additional methods of collecting data.
You should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. Most browsers offer instructions, in the "Help" section of the toolbar, on how to reset the browser to reject cookies. If you reject our cookies, many functions and conveniences of this Site may not work properly.
This website uses Google AdWords. Our Site uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our Site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our Site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our Site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own Privacy Policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII). This Privacy Policy serves as notice that Stanford collects PII in the manner described herein. Such information may include but is not limited to: username, email address, home address, phone number, IP address, postal code, gender and year of birth. We collect PII that you provide to us when you sign-up for email updates; subscribe to certain services; register and participate in our Engagements; post in our public forums; and send us email messages or otherwise contact us. At times you may be asked to provide demographic information such as date of birth, gender and educational and vocational information. In some cases, we also may collect PII about you from an affiliated third party to whom you have given permission to share such info in connection with your participation in one or more Engagements. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, your employer or other sponsoring organization, our platform partners, and our program management collaborators. Stanford may also receive PII when you access or log-in to a third party site, e.g., Facebook, from our Site. This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party site. PII shall not include any information posted or sent by or to you via any public forum.
Collection of Information by Third Parties
We may permit a limited number of authorized third parties, such as analytics partners, to place cookies through the Site to provide us with better insights into the use of the Site or user demographics. These third parties may collect information, including non-personal information, about a consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website.
Do Not Track
We do not use technology that recognizes a "do-not-track" signal from your web browser.
How We Use and Share the Information
Please familiarize yourself with the different ways Stanford uses and may disclose the information that we gather. We do not share your PII with third parties for their direct marketing use.
Non-Personal Information. Stanford uses Non-Personal Information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests. Such aggregate information may include but is not limited to site and platform usage and interactions (such as video player interactions, views of posts, views and actions on pages) assessment results, completion rate, and assignments. We may share Non-Personal Information with service providers and others to assist us in operating and enhancing our Engagements and Site.
Personally Identifiable Information. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any PII we gather from you. In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose and otherwise use PII as described below.
Communications with you. We may use your PII to communicate with you. Such communications include but are not limited to: responding/replying to your questions or messages to us; contacting you regarding information in connection with a requested service or your participation in some Engagement; sharing with you information about other online courses, events, and opportunities offered by Stanford; and sending you messages about Site maintenance or updates. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you.
Participation in Engagements. We use your PII (including but not limited to username and email address) when you register for or participate in an Engagement (or related service) to provide those to you and for processing purposes, including but not limited to tracking attendance, platform usage and interaction, progress, and completion of an online course. Also, Stanford may archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you. This information may be shared with the content providers or contractors.
Forums. We may use PII collected during your use of some forums to facilitate your use of the forums. In addition we may display this information on the Site and in other publications. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you and/or your designee(s).
Research. Stanford studies participation in our Engagements to learn how to enhance our offerings and learning experiences. Records of your participation may be used by Stanford for these research studies. Such records may include but are not limited to: username, email address, home address, IP address, postal code, gender, year of birth and your interactions with the platform such as video player usage, forum posts, actions on class pages, assignments, and assessment results. For purposes of research, we may share information we collect from online learning activities, including PII, with researchers beyond Stanford. However, such information will be shared only as permitted by applicable law, will be limited to what is necessary to perform the research, and will be subject to an agreement to protect the data. We may also share with the public or third parties aggregated information that does not personally identify you. Similarly, any research findings will be reported at the aggregate level and will not expose your personal identity.
Third Party Sites. We may use the PII collected from third party sites for research and teaching purposes. To the extent such Personally Identifiable Information contains images of you; you grant Stanford a limited, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of or publicly display such images and/or your likeness for educational purposes.
Disclosure to Complete Transactions. We may disclose your PII in order to help complete a transaction that you have requested. This may include, for example, disclosure of credit card information to a payment processor.
Disclosure to Stanford Contractors and Service Providers. Our contractors and service providers, which include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, marketing assistance, content, as well as other products and services to support our Engagements, may have access to your PII, but their access is restricted to the information reasonably necessary to perform their limited functions for us.
Disclosure to Affiliated Third Parties. If your course enrollment or program participation is affiliated with (or sponsored by) a company or other organization, or if you request that a company or other organization be billed for your tuition, or if you participate in a program jointly managed by SCPD and another organization, we may share your PII (including information about those Engagements and your participation in them) with that third-party according to the specific terms to which you agreed when you enrolled or otherwise chose to participate. For some courses and programs, the information shared may constitute an educational record under FERPA (20 U.S.C. §1232g).
Government Authorities, Legal Rights and Actions. Stanford may share your PII with various government authorities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect and defend our rights, property, or safety, or the property, rights or safety of others; to prosecute or to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law or applicable regulations. In such cases Stanford reserves the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We also may share your PII when Stanford believes it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Stanford, the Site, our users or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service/Use and other agreements.
Security
Stanford takes reasonable measures to protect your PII from disclosure to or access by unauthorized third parties. However, no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Please note that Stanford does not guarantee the security of PII, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted. Any information that you post on our site, send to us in an email, or otherwise share with us is not secure.
You also play a role in protecting your information. Please safeguard your username and password and do not share them with others. If we receive instructions using your log-in information, we will consider those instructions authorized by you. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. We reserve the right to remove or edit content, refuse service, or terminate accounts for any user at any time and in our sole discretion.
External Links
For your convenience we may provide links to sites operated by organizations other than Stanford that we believe may be of interest to you. Stanford does not disclose your PII to those third party sites without obtaining your consent. Stanford does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. If you choose to click on a link to such a third-party site, you should review the terms of service and privacy policy posted on that site to understand how it collects and uses your PII.
Updating or Deleting Your PII
You may update your PII by logging into your mystanfordconnection account. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain your PII. You may also submit a request to update your PII to scpd-information@stanford.edu. We try to answer every email promptly, but may not always be able to do so.
Opt-Out Rights
If you do not wish to receive information or other notices from us in the future, you can "opt out" by contacting us at the address indicated at the end of this policy or by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in any communication you receive from us. Please be aware that you are not able to opt out of receiving administrative messages about your account or your transactions with us.
Changing Our Privacy Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Site. We will notify you of any material change to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our Site's homepage for a reasonable period of time following such update, and by changing the effective date (located at the bottom of this Policy). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. If you have any privacy-related questions, you may contact Stanford at scpd-information@stanford.edu.
Protecting Children's Privacy
SCPD does not knowingly collect nor maintain PII from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access this Site at any time or in any manner. We will take appropriate steps to delete any PII of persons less than 13 years of age that has been collected on our Site upon learning of the existence of such PII.
Consumer Notice
If you have any questions regarding our services, you may contact Stanford at scpd-information@stanford.edu or 408 Panama Mall, Stanford, CA 94305-2260. The Public Inquiry Unit of the Office of the California Attorney General may be contacted at P.O. Box 944255, Sacramento, CA 94244-2550.
Stanford University's Online Privacy Policy
Stanford University's Online Privacy Policy is incorporated into this privacy policy by reference.
Revised: September 2, 2020
Stanford Home
Maps & Directions
Emergency Info
Search Stanford
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Trademarks
Non-Discrimination
Accessibility
©Copyright
Stanford University.
Stanford,
California
94305.
Home
For Stanford Faculty & Staff
For Faculty & Staff Overview
Course Design & Delivery
Design an Online or Hybrid Degree
Open Your Course to Remote Students
Offer Professional Education
Create Customized Learning
Deliver Free & Open Content
Get Help Teaching Online
Learning Platforms & Technology Tools
Remote Lecture Capture with Panopto
Getting Started
Enable Panopto
Uploading Content
Editing Basics
Publishing Availability
Panopto FAQs
Zoom or Panopto
Integration - How it Works
Recording for Reuse
Course Videos Extensions
Captioning
Updates & News
Record in Classrooms & Studios
Learning Innovation
Quick Tips & Best Practices
Business & Enrollment Services
Stanford Credential Framework
Student & Client Services
Marketing & Communications
Contracts & Compliance
Financial Administration
For Learners
For Learners Overview
Stanford Online
Support for Students
Tips for Learning Online
For Organizations
For Organizations Overview
About Custom Programs
Our Proven Approach
Spotlights on Impact
News & Events
News
Events
Past Events
About Us
Our Organization
Our History
Our Mission & Values
Leadership
Learning Collaborators
Contact Us
Search