http://scpd.stanford.edu/terms-of-service
skip to navigation
skip to content
Find out more about resources for teaching and learning during COVID-19 >
mystanfordconnection
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Welcome to the Stanford Center for Professional Development website. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, PARTICIPATING IN ANY STANFORD CENTER FOR PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (SCPD) COURSES, OR ACCESSING ANY ONLINE RESOURCES FROM SCPD, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY (COLLECTIVELY, “TERMS”), AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH THEM. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please promptly exit all sites. THE STANFORD CENTER FOR PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME AND WILL PUBLISH NOTICE OF ANY SUCH MODIFICATION ONLINE AT THIS SITE OR ELSEWHERE ONLINE. BY CONTINUING TO ACCESS A SITE AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE MODIFICATIONS.
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy provides information regarding the processing, transmission and use of data collected through this website and through other SCPD engagements.
Use of the Site
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by the Stanford Center for Professional Development. You may use our site for lawful purposes only. You may not use our site to post, transmit or otherwise distribute unlawful material. Examples of unlawful material include, without limitation, threats of physical harm, defamatory statements, pornographic material, and copyrighted, trademarked, and other proprietary material used without proper authorization. You may not attempt to use or distribute tools designed for compromising security or take any action to compromise the security of this site. Examples of these tools include but are not limited to password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools. You may not "flood" or disrupt our website through any means or process.
User Age and Eligibility
Participation in the Site and Stanford Center for Professional Development Courses is restricted to those individuals who have registered, who are 18 years of age and over, emancipated minors, or those who possess parental or legal guardian consent, and who are fully able and competent to enter into these terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties herein. By accessing the Site you affirm that you are at least 13 years old and meet the eligibility requirements. This Site is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Site. If you have questions about your eligibility, please contact us at scpd-customerservice@stanford.edu.
By participating in any SCPD courses or activities or by accessing any online resources from SCPD, you affirm that you are not identified on any US trade sanctions list, including the US Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals List (SDN List), the US Department of Commerce’s Entity List and Denied Persons List, or the US Department of State’s Nonproliferation List (“Sanctioned Entity”).
Certain courses may also have additional eligibility requirements as specified in the specific course description. If you are not eligible for registration and participation or do not agree to the Terms, you may not use the Site.
Access to the Site
While portions of the Site may be available to the general public, portions of the Site are restricted to registered users who meet eligibility criteria. You agree that you will not access any registration-only portions of the Site if you do not meet the eligibility requirements. Stanford is not responsible for any delay, inability or failure to access the Site due to any cause, including but not limited to acts of God, natural disasters, government orders, labor unrest, malfunction of user hardware or software, interruption in internet service, loss or corruption of data, and unanticipated suspension or cessation of service from any underlying service provider.
User Accounts
Site Registration. In order to fully participate in all Site activities, you must register and create a mystanfordconnection Account. You are required to provide a valid email address ("Email Address") and create a user password ("Password") and a unique username. In setting up your mystanfordconnection Account, you may also be prompted or required to enter additional information, including but not limited to your name, location or other information required to confirm your identity.
Course Registration. In order to participate in a course offered by the Stanford Center for Professional Development, you may be required to register in the course by selecting the course from the list of offered courses. You may be required to provide additional information at the time of registration including, without limitation, evidence of eligibility or of successful completion of prerequisite courses. You may be required to pay a fee to register in some courses.
You understand and agree that all information provided by you is accurate, current and complete and that you will maintain and update your information to keep it accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to refuse access to the selected course or to terminate your use of the Site. You agree that you will never divulge or share access or access information to your mystanfordconnection Account with any third party for any reason.
Fees and Refunds
Courses may be made available for free or for a fee at the sole discretion of Stanford. Course fees, if applicable, are due and payable at the time of registration for the course or at the time of requesting a service for which a fee is required. Stanford expressly reserves the right to refuse to permit access to any fee-based course if the fee is not paid, is cancelled or not processed for any reason. For additional information on deadlines, drops/transfers, and refunds, please visit Registration Policies.
Course Modification or Cancellation
The Site, including the course materials, may contain errors and omissions. We reserve the right to correct errors or omissions without prior notice. We also reserve the right to cancel, discontinue, reschedule, delay, change instructors or modify any course or service. You acknowledge that the course content of the online course does not reflect the complete curriculum of a course that may be offered to students enrolled at Stanford.
License to use Site Materials
Unless otherwise indicated, the Site and all its content, such as text, images, and the HTML used to generate the pages ("Material") are the property of the Stanford Center for Professional Development and are protected by patent, trademark and/or copyright under US or foreign laws. In consideration for your agreement to the terms and conditions contained here, Stanford grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Site and the Material. Registered users may download Material from the Site only for such user's own personal, non-commercial use. No user may otherwise copy, reproduce, duplicate, retransmit, distribute, publish, scrape, download in bulk, sell, resell, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any Material or modify or create derivative works of the Material. The burden of determining that use of any information, software or any other content on the Site is permissible rests with User. Some content on the Site is provided by third parties, and the use of that content is subject to rules and restrictions as indicated on the Site. You agree to be bound by all such rules and restrictions.
The permission above does not include permission to copy the design elements, look and feel, or layout of the website. Those elements are also protected by copyright law, and may not be copied or imitated in any manner.
Modifications to Site
Stanford reserves the right, for any reason or no reason, in our sole discretion and without notice, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including without limitation, information, data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, courses, Materials, features and/or hours of availability, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so. We may also impose rules and limits on the use of the Site or restrict your access to part, or the entire, Site without notice or penalty.
Trademarks
The logo, name, and all graphics on the sites of Stanford University, Stanford Center for Professional Development, The Vice Provost Office for Teaching and Learning (VPTL), or any of their affiliates, are trademarks of Stanford or its affiliates. Use, reproduction, copying or redistribution of trademarks without the written permission of Stanford or its affiliates is prohibited. All other trademarks or servicemarks appearing on the site are the marks of their respective owners.
Rules for Online Conduct
You agree to use the Sites in accordance with all applicable laws. You are responsible for your own communications, including the upload, transmission and posting of information, and are responsible for the consequences of their posting on or through the Site. You further agree that you will not email or post malicious or harmful content anywhere on the Site, or on any other Stanford computing resources including without limitation the following:
Content that defames or threatens others
Harassing statements or content that violates federal or state law
Content that discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them
Content that is not your own, or infringes another's intellectual property, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets
Content related to partisan political activities
Material that contains obscene (i.e. pornographic) language or images
Advertising or any form of commercial solicitation or promotion, including links to other sites
Content that is otherwise unlawful
Intentionally incomplete, misleading or inaccurate content
Violations of Honor Code
Copyrighted material, including without limitation software, graphics, text, photographs, sound, video and musical recordings, may not be placed on the Site without the express permission of the owner of the copyright in the material, or other legal entitlement to use the material.
Security Rules
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Stanford will investigate occurrences and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting the use or users who are involved in such violations. You agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site, including without limitation:
attacking, probing, scanning or testing the vulnerability of, breaching security of, disrupting, disabling or harming the Site, or servers or networks connected to the Site
using the Site via any automated means, such as a screen-scraper or robot. This is not intended to exclude the use of assistive technology for your own use, such as screen-readers
sending any unsolicited emails to other Site Users or forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email
displaying the Site within a frame on another website without consent, or place pop-up windows or other disruptive technologies over it
accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account you are not authorized to access
attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding", "Mailbombing" or "Crashing"
impersonating another person or improperly allowing another to use your registration information to access the Site.
Content Disclaimer
The text and other material on the Sites may include the opinion of the specific instructor and are not statements of advice, endorsement, opinion, or information of Stanford. Case studies and examples involving specific persons or companies do not imply any affiliation of those persons or companies with Stanford, nor do they imply Stanford's endorsement of those persons or companies or their actions. If you feel you might be offended by the content of the Sites, you should not continue.
Sites may also include the personal opinions and other expressions by Users who post entries on a wide range of topics. Neither the content of the forums, nor the links to other web sites, are screened, approved, reviewed or endorsed by Stanford or any other related entity. Stanford is not a publisher of any of the content of the forums, or of any content that may be available through links to and from them.
Advertising Policy
The Stanford Center for Professional Development does not accept or permit advertisements on its website, nor shall it be used to transmit commercial or personal advertisements, solicitations, or promotions.
User Content
You may be permitted to submit and distribute materials in connection with a Stanford Center for Professional Development course ("User Content"). You represent and warrant that any material you submit to the Site, instructors or other Users is accurate and complete and will not violate or infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation privacy, publicity, intellectual property and any other proprietary rights, such as copyright, trademark and patent rights. You represent and warrant that you have all the necessary rights and licenses to use the material and to permit use of the material by Stanford.
You agree that, if a third party claims that any material you have contributed to a Site is unlawful, you will bear the burden of establishing that the material complies with all applicable laws. Although Stanford does not monitor the content of the Site, Stanford has the right to remove material from the Site, block access, or take other action with respect to the material in its sole discretion.
Grant of license. By your submission of any material, you hereby grant Stanford an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty free, fully transferable, worldwide license to use, disclose, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, publicly perform and publicly display any such submission. You hereby grant Users in your online course a license to use your User Content (including the right to copy, modify and distribute such content) in conjunction with their participation in the course.
User Status and Statement of Accomplishment
You agree and acknowledge that your access to the Site, participation in Stanford Center for Professional Development course and your agreement to these Terms do not confer any right to access or use the resources of Stanford or establish any relationship with Stanford or its instructors beyond the Site, that you are not enrolled, admitted or in attendance at Stanford and that you are not entitled to any student or academic grievance procedures. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between Stanford and you as a result of these Terms or your use of the Site.
International Use and Consent to Processing
Stanford controls and operates this Site within the United States of America, and all information is collected, transmitted, processed and stored within the United States. We do not represent that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access the Site or the Course from other locations do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the Site and participation in the Course. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. By providing any personal information to the Site, all users, including without limitation users in the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection, transmission, processing and storage of such information in the United States and the use of such information for research by Stanford and other researchers.
Links to Other Sites
The Site may include hyperlinks to sites maintained or controlled by others. Stanford is not responsible for and does not routinely screen, approve, review or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered at other sites. These links do not imply Stanford's endorsement of, or association with, the linked sites. Stanford is not responsible for and shall in no event be liable, directly or indirectly, to anyone for any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by the creation or use of the linked sites or the information or material accessed through those linked sites.
Choice of Law/Forum Selection
The Sites are managed by Stanford, located in Santa Clara County, California. You agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms or any content posted to a Site, including copies and republication thereof, whether based in contract, tort, statutory or other law, will be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. You further consent to the personal jurisdiction of and exclusive venue in the federal and state courts located in and serving Santa Clara County, California as the legal forum for any such dispute. Excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief, for claims related to the Site where the total amount sought is less than ten thousand U.S. Dollars ($10,000.00 USD), either you or Stanford may elect at any point during the dispute to resolve the claim through binding, non-appearance-based arbitration. The dispute will then be resolved using an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider, mutually agreed upon by you and Stanford. The parties and the selected ADR provider shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; rather, the arbitration shall be conducted, at the option of the party seeking relief, online, by telephone or via written submissions alone. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to Stanford or the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THESE SITES AND ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR USE OF A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.
STANFORD DOES NOT WARRANT, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY SITE, INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM A SITE, OR LINK TO A SITE. STANFORD DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL OPERATE IN AN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE MANNER OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, STANFORD DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (A) THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS OR ACHIEVE THE INTENDED PURPOSES, (B THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF OUTAGES, INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, SECURITY FLAWS, AND ERRORS, (C) THE INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, ERROR-FREE, COMPLETELY SECURE OR RELIABLE, (D) THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE OR (E) THAT DEFECTS IN OR ON THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT STANFORD WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES, EITHER ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, OR TO YOUR (OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S) USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR TO YOUR PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON THE SITE, OR TO YOUR RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE. IN PARTICULAR, STANFORD WILL HAVE NO LIABILTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR DEFAMATION, ERRORS, LOSS OF DATA, OR INTERRUPTION IN AVAILABILITY OF DATA), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR YOUR PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON A SITE, OR TO YOUR RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH A SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTORY OR OTHER LAW, EVEN IF STANFORD OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF STANFORD TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING FROM THE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, $100.00.
Termination Rights
You agree that: Stanford, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Site or your participation in an online course activity, for any reason or no reason and at any time; Stanford shall not have any liability to you for the termination; and that you are not entitled to any course credit or to any student or academic grievance procedures in connection with such a termination.
Consumer Notice
If you have any questions regarding services provided through the Site, you may contact Stanford at scpd-customerservice@stanford.edu or 496 Lomita Mall, Durand Bldg 3rd Floor, Stanford CA, 94305-4008, USA. The Public Inquiry Unit of the Office of the California Attorney General may be contacted at P.O. Box 944255, Sacramento, CA 94244-2550.
Proprietary Rights
The logos, names and graphics on the Site of Stanford or any of its affiliates, may be trademarks of Stanford or its affiliates. Use, reproduction, copying or redistribution of Stanford trademarks, without the prior written permission of Stanford or its affiliates, is prohibited. All other trademarks or servicemarks appearing on the Site are the marks of their respective owners. Information about Stanford trademarks may be found at https://adminguide.stanford.edu/chapter-1/subchapter-5/policy-1-5-4.
Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Site does not grant you a license to any content, features or Material you may access on the Site, and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works of such content, features or Material, in whole or in part. Any commercial use of the Site is strictly prohibited except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us. You may not download or save a copy of any of the content or screens for any purpose except as otherwise provided by Stanford. If you make use of the Site, other than as provided herein, in doing so you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. We do not grant any license or other authorization to any user of our trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks, other copyrightable material or any other intellectual property by including them on the Site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold the Stanford Center for Professional Development, Stanford University, and their affiliates harmless from any claims, losses, or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these terms, and to fully cooperate in the defense by the Stanford Center for Professional Development, Stanford University, and their affiliates against any such claims. Without limitation, you agree to defend us from and against any and all claims, actions or demands brought by or against us alleging with respect to you a) infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property rights; b) defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography or violation of the rights of privacy or publicity, or c) spamming or any other offensive, harassing or illegal conduct or violation of this Agreement. You agree to indemnify us from and against all damages, costs, and fees awarded in favor of third parties, and you will indemnify and hold us harmless against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) (collectively, "Losses") suffered by us which Losses result from or arise out of the above claims.
Copyright Complaints
Stanford respects the intellectual property rights of others. In accordance with Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), an agent has been designated to receive notification of a claimed copyright infringement for the Stanford University Network domains: Stanford.EDU, Stanford.ORG and Stanford.COM. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact Stanford's DMCA Designated Agent at DMCA-Claim@Stanford.EDU with a copy to [RP3] scpd-customerservice@stanford.edu [JG4] and provide the following written information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Honor Code
By registering in an online course, you agree to: rely solely on your own work in connection with all assessments, problems, homework and assignments (unless collaboration is expressly permitted); acknowledge any and all external sources used in your work; refrain from any activity that would dishonestly or fraudulently improve your results or disadvantage others in the course; refrain from disclosing answers to assessments, problems, assignments and homework to others; maintain only one user account and not let anyone else use your username and/or password; and not access or attempt to access any other user's account, or misrepresent or attempt to misrepresent your identity while using the Sites. This Honor Code is not intended to prohibit discussion of course material. While users must submit work that is their own, you should feel free to discuss lectures or other course material with others either in-person or online.
Notices
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. Notices to Stanford should be directed to the address listed below. The Site may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you on the Site.
General Information
Stanford's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign the Terms or any of your rights or obligations under the Terms without Stanford's express prior written consent.
The Terms inure to the benefit of Stanford's successors, assigns and licensees. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Stanford employees using this Site are expected to abide by the University Code of Conduct, Administrative Guide Memo 1.
Revised: September 16, 2019
Stanford Home
Maps & Directions
Emergency Info
Search Stanford
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Trademarks
Non-Discrimination
Accessibility
©Copyright
Stanford University.
Stanford,
California
94305.
Home
For Stanford Faculty & Staff
For Faculty & Staff Overview
Course Design & Delivery
Design an Online or Hybrid Degree
Open Your Course to Remote Students
Offer Professional Education
Create Customized Learning
Deliver Free & Open Content
Get Help Teaching Online
Learning Platforms & Technology Tools
Remote Lecture Capture with Panopto
Getting Started
Enable Panopto
Uploading Content
Editing Basics
Publishing Availability
Panopto FAQs
Zoom or Panopto
Integration - How it Works
Recording for Reuse
Course Videos Extensions
Captioning
Updates & News
Record in Classrooms & Studios
Learning Innovation
Quick Tips & Best Practices
Business & Enrollment Services
Stanford Credential Framework
Student & Client Services
Marketing & Communications
Contracts & Compliance
Financial Administration
For Learners
For Learners Overview
Stanford Online
Support for Students
Tips for Learning Online
For Organizations
For Organizations Overview
About Custom Programs
Our Proven Approach
Spotlights on Impact
News & Events
News
Events
Past Events
About Us
Our Organization
Our History
Our Mission & Values
Leadership
Learning Collaborators
Contact Us
Search