http://sdautomuseum.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | San Diego Automotive Museum
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for The San Diego Automotive Museum's website (sdautomuseum.org). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Personal Privacy Information
We respect our visitors' right to online privacy. We never release, sell, or share information such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation and other details.
We keep your information confidential, including limiting access to our files, communicating this policy statement to all employees, and enforcing penalties for violating this statement.
Visitors who sign-up for regular communications or contact us via email, your email address and correspondence is saved in order to provide you the best service possible.
We do occasionally send eNewsletters to registrants and existing clients. The emails provide a link to unsubscribe and remove yourself from future mailings.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, website forms, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Orders and Services
We partner with PayPal to complete all sales. We never collect credit card details. Once you've left our website to complete your purchase, you are under PayPal's  security protocols. Please see PayPal's Security Policy for more information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information (Removal from Mailings)
Anyone receiving our communications in error or if they no longer desire to receive them, should inform us and we will remove their name from our mailing lists. We are judicious in the use of e-mail to clients. We treat recipients as we would like to be treated. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by phone at 619.398.0301 or by email:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
2080 Pan American Plaza
San Diego, CA, 92101
Footer
Private Events
Privacy Policy
Car Club Council
Designed & Produced by BPOC
© 2017 San Diego Automotive Museum. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our permission.