https://shush.ws/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyMarch 12, 2020
December 21, 2014
At Shush, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Shush and how it is used.
Site Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visithttp://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete Shush cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
Shush does not use cookies via the Blogger-based markup of this site, or in posts and pages. However, third party vendors whose advertisements are placed on this website may use cookies or web beacons. Details of these vendors are provided below.
Third Party and Advertiser Cookies
Shush has no access to or control over these cookies!
Google Analytics
We use this to understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Google Adsense
This cookie is used by Google to report to us how the adverts shown on Shush are performing. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more generally about Google and its policies and principles as regards advertising at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Recent Posts
Hair Trend 2019
Modern Short Haircuts 2018
Boys Long Haircuts 2019
Fine Hair Pixie Cuts For Older Women
Lady Hairstyles
Recent CommentsArchives
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
Categories
Business
Inspirational Quotes
Inspirational Recipes
Life Style
Motivational Quote
Women Hairstyle
8 BALL POOL APK for androidWe use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy