http://site.info.yorku.ca/privacy-legal/
York University has a policy on access to information and protection of privacy and the University complies with Ontario's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. F.31. Links to these documents and other information on access to information and protection of personal information are available on York's Information and Privacy Office website.
Questions about access to information and protection of privacy at York University should be referred to the Information and Privacy Coordinator.
Terms & Conditions
York University operates and maintains this website, www.yorku.ca, including all content thereon (the "Site"). By accessing, browsing or using the Site, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions (the "Terms"). York University may amend the Terms at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to review the Terms each time you use the Site. Please exit the Site immediately if you do not accept or agree to the Terms.
Ownership
All content, designs, graphics, pictures, illustrations, software, artwork, video, sound, names, words, titles, phrases, logos and marks displayed on the Site are owned by York University, its licensors, or the party accredited as owner, and protected by copyright, trade-mark and intellectual property laws, and treaty provision laws.
Use
You shall not, without our prior written permission use the Site for purposes other than your own personal, non-commercial use. Further, you may not frame the Site or any part thereof on any internet website. You acquire absolutely no rights or licenses to the Site other than the limited right to use the Site in accordance with the Terms. You shall not use the Site for any purpose except as expressly provided herein.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Site is at your sole risk. The Site is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or third party rights and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties that access to the Site is uninterrupted or error-free, that the Site is secure or free of viruses or other harmful material, or that information on the Site is complete, accurate or timely.
Limitation of Liability
York University, its Board of Governors, officers, employees and agents are not liable to you for any damages, harm or injury whatsoever including without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, lost profits, damages resulting from lost data or business interruption, arising from or relating to the use of or inability to use the Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or other legal theory, regardless of whether any of York University, its Board of Governors, officers, employees or agents has been negligent or has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless York University, its Board of Governors, officers, employees and agents from and against any claim or demand made by an third party, and all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to your browsing or use of the Site, content that you transmit to the Site, or your breach of any of the Terms.
Third Party Sites
The Site may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as convenience to you. York University is not responsible for the content of any third party website and does not endorse the information contained therein or guarantee its quality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for any purpose.
Security
Any information sent or received over the internet is generally not secure. York University does not guarantee the security of any communication to or from the Site.
Termination
York University may in its sole discretion restrict or terminate your access to the Site at any time, without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer permitted to access the Site. York University is not liable to any party for such termination.
Governing Law
The Terms are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and these laws apply to the use of the Site, notwithstanding your domicile, residency or physical location. You hereby attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario and all courts competent to hear appeals therefrom.
The Site is intended for use only in jurisdictions where it may lawfully be offered for use.
General Provisions
The Terms including any documents referenced herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and York University relating to your use of the Site.
Any failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provisions of the Terms is not to be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
If any of the provisions contained in the Terms is determined to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then such determination does not affect the remaining provisions.
The Terms are binding upon you, your heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns.
Copyright and Trade-mark Notices
© York University, 2004. All rights reserved. No part of the Site may be reproduced, modified, distributed, sold, published, broadcast, retransmitted in any form without the prior written consent of York University.
The York University name, YORK U & YORK are marks, badges, crests and emblems of York University. Other names, words, titles, phrases, logos, designs, graphics, icons and trade marks displayed on the Site may constitute marks, badges, crests and emblems of York University or marks of third parties.
facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedinyoutubeyfile
Keele Campus
4700 Keele Street, Toronto
ON Canada
M3J 1P3
(416) 736-2100
Emergency Procedures
Campus Maps
Privacy & Legal
Accessibility
Careers