https://sites.highlands.edu/information-technology/it-help-center/ghc-notify/
ABOUT GHC
Quick Facts
Mission and Goals
Directory
Facility Usage
Calendars
Employment
ACADEMICS
Academic Schools
Academic Success Center
Online Learning
D2L Course Access
SCORE
Graduation/Transcripts
ADMISSIONS
Apply for Admission
Check Admissions Status
Check Financial Status
Tuition & Fees
Scholarships
Inquiry Form
HELPFUL LINKS
A-Z Index
Student/Faculty Email
OneUSG Connect
GHC Notify/Campus Closings
Athletics
Library
Skip to Main Content
Mobile Menu
Information Technology
Information Security
Multi-Factor Authentication (Duo)
Policy Management
IT Account Help
IT Help Center
Request Service
Student Technology at GHC
Student Technology Fee
IT Strategic Planning Documents
IT Staff
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Pinterest
Instagram
GHC Sites > Information Technology > IT Help Center > GHC Notify
This information applies to GHC Students Only.
(Employees must use the GHC Notify system located off of the Employee Portal – Intranet)
Students are automatically enrolled into the GHC Notify system for campus notifications.
What if I didn’t receive an alert on my phone?
Please visit GHC Notify – Update Contact Information to ensure you have an emergency cell number registered with the college and it is up-to-date. This is how we will contact you.
What will the confirmation message say?
The confirmation message will read the following:
GHC: You are now confirmed to receive alerts from us. More info text reply “HELP” or “STOP GHC” to opt-out.
From what number will these text messages display?
You will see 23177 or 63079 or 82932 as the text messaging number sending you the confirmation message and all subsequent messages. Please save this number and program it as Georgia Highlands College so that you can quickly recognize this number as the official source of messages.
When will I receive the confirmation message?
The confirmation messages are sent during business hours (10am to 6pm PST). Since we upload data into the Blackboard Connect service daily, you should expect the confirmation request to arrive the following day.
I did not receive a confirmation message. What happened?
Please check with your mobile phone provider to find out if your device accepts text messages. You may also want to check with your provider to see if text messaging has been enabled. You may need to subscribe to a text messaging plan in order to receive or reply to text messages.
I did not receive a confirmation message because my phone wasn’t text enabled. I have since contacted my mobile phone provider to enable it. Do I need another confirmation message sent?
No. If your SMS phone was already submitted to our database, you should be confirmed to receive SMS alerts from us. However, you may also test to find out by texting the word “SUBSCRIBE” to 23177 or 63079 or 82932 and you will receive a reply with the following:
GHC: This phone number has already been opted in. More info text reply “HELP” or “STOP GHC” to opt-out
How do I opt-out?
You may opt-out at any time by texting “STOP GHC” or “QUIT GHC” to 23177 or 63079 or 82932.
What if I opted-out but later decide I would like to opt-in again?
You may request to begin receiving text messages by texting “SUBSCRIBE GHC” to 23177 or 63079 or 82932.  You must first have a record that contains current contact information within SCORE in order to use the “SUBSCRIBE GHC” method for updating your opt-in status.  Please visit GHC Notify – Update Contact Information.
If I change mobile phone providers but keep the same number, do I need to opt-in again?
No. Once your phone number has been opted-in, it stays registered within the system.
What if my information is not registered with the school, but I want to receive alerts anyway? Can I text 23177 or 63079 or 82932 to “SUBSCRIBE GHC” and still receive messages?
No, you will not receive messages. If you are not part of the school’s contact database, and you try to subscribe, you will receive the message:
You have not followed the Opt-In/Out process correctly. More info text HELP.                                                                                                                                                                                        Please visit GHC Notify – Update Contact Information to create a current emergency contact record.
GHC Faculty and Staff, please sign up for the GHC Notify system form using the following Employee Portal / Intranet resource: GHC Notify Faculty & Staff Form.
Important Note About SMS/Text Messaging:
If you choose the “Send SMS/Text Message” option next to your mobile number, you will receive a confirmation message from “23177” or “63079” or “82932“. You MUST respond to this message to confirm your participation. If you do not respond, you will NOT receive communications via SMS/text message.
If you need help or have any questions, please email us at rt@highlands.edu or call 706-295-6775.
Navigation:
Information Technology
IT Help Center
Office 365 for Students
Student Computer Access
IT Account Help
D2L Course Access Help
SCORE Help
Multi-Factor Authentication (Duo)
Technology to Connect
Student Technology at GHC
MyGHC
Contact Us
Request Service
Remote Support Software
This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy at https://www.highlands.edu/privacy-policy/.
Questions, please email rt@highlands.edu.
ACCEPT