https://skills.direct/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Legal entity
Skills.Direct and this website is a service owned and operated by Cambridge Digital Ltd.
Our address is
Cambridge Digital Ltd
St John’s Innovation Centre Cowley Road Cambridge	CB4 0WS
We are a registered training provider – UKPRN 10062124
Privacy
We respect your privacy and comply with all data protection and privacy laws in any dealings with you, including the latest requirements of GDPR. In respect of use of this website, we do not ask you for any personally identifiable information in order to access the site unless you are a registered user of the site, and subject to the terms and conditions specified in the discreet agreement in place for the delivery of your courses or services.
Please note that we use cookies in order to speed access to the site and to track anonymised usage statistics, but not for any other purpose. We do not collect or utilise any personal information for any purpose on this website unless you actually email us from it.
Learners registered with us under any training contract are protected under the terms of the contract, and our duties and protections regarding personal and learning data are set out in the specific contracts under which the training is delivered.
Personal Information Collection
In the event that you make enquiries of us or submit information to us, we will only use that information for the purpose for which it was submitted. We do not sell or supply any personal data to other organisations or entities for any reason except as part of a contractual arrangement with all parties as defined in an explicit and clear commercial engagement.
Personal Information Retention
We will retain records of conversations and submissions as part of our email archiving processes, but will not make them available to external parties without permission from the data owner except as required by law enforcement agencies through due process.
Call Us
Skills Direct
Do give us a call if you have any questions or enquiries.
+44(0)1223
911 142
hello@skills.direct