https://snu.edu/privacy/
Privacy
Home » Privacy
Southern Nazarene University Website & Social Media Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.snu.edu This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will inform you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
By using our website, you consent to Southern Nazarene University’s collection and use of your information as described in this policy. If Southern Nazarene University updates this privacy policy, such changes will be posted on this page. So that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it, we recommend that you review this page regularly.
Southern Nazarene University knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Southern Nazarene University, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. So that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it, we recommend that you review this page regularly.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or other advertising companies. You may use the NAI opt out tool, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads and from other NAI approved member companies.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.We also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt out via their Your Online Choices website.Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
You can opt-out of our tracking your online activity for targeted advertising purposes (Do Not Track): We respond to “do not track” or “DNT” signals sent from your browser. If the website of one of our Advertisers receives a DNT signal, during that visit, we will not link data we collect to your browser identifier so that new data collected about you will not be used by us for targeted advertising purposes, but older data collected about you may still be used.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at Webmaster@snu.edu.
Translate »