http://socialwork.rutgers.edu/privacy
Skip to Content
HomeSchool of Social Work, Rutgers University, Web Privacy Policy
menu
School of Social Work, Rutgers University, Web Privacy Policy
The effective date of this policy is 18 October 2017.
Thank you for visiting socialwork.rutgers.edu, the Rutgers University School of Social Work (a.k.a., the School) web site, and reviewing the School’s Web Privacy Policy.  This policy applies to the web site socialwork.rutgers.edu.  The School appreciates that you and other visitors care about the information you give the School, about the information that is gathered when you visit socialwork.rutgers.edu, and how information is used.  This notice describes the School’s web privacy policy.  By visiting socialwork.rutgers.edu you are accepting the policy and practices described in this web privacy policy.
What About the Information You Give the School? How Does the School Use Information You Give the School? How Can You Request Information You Gave the School Be Removed? What About the Information the School Gathers from You? How Does the School Use the Information It Gathers from You? Does the School Share the Information It Receives or Collects from You? What If You Do Not Want to Be Tracked? How Long Does the School Keep Your Information? How Does the School Secure Your Information? What About External Links on socialwork.rutgers.edu? What About Children Using socialwork.rutgers.edu? How Does the School Notify You When the Web Privacy Policy Changes? How Can You Contact the School with Questions About Its Web Privacy Policy?
What About the Information You Give the School of Social Work?    Back to top
The School receives and stores information you may enter when you browse to socialwork.rutgers.edu or may give to the School in any other way.  This includes information you may submit in forms or you may enter in any other manner.  This information may include, but may not be restricted to, your first and last name, home address, email address, phone number and other identifiers that permit physical or internet contact with you.  The information you give the School is used to provide services you may request, such as general information about the School, admissions, or other related School services and programs.
How Does the School Use Information You Give the School of Social Work?    Back to top
The School uses the information you may give at socialwork.rutgers.edu for various administrative purposes.  For instance, the School may use the personal information you send through a form to contact you by email, send you material, call you and/or contact you by some other method.
How Can You Request Information You Gave the School Be Removed?    Back to top
If you would like to have any information you gave the School removed please send mail to the below address or send an email to privacy@ssw.rutgers.edu.  In your letter or email please include your first and last name and a phone number where the School can contact you during regular business hours.
Public Information Officer
School of Social Work
Rutgers University
120 Albany Street, Tower One - Suite 200
New Brunswick, New Jersey 08901
What About the Information the School Gathers from You?    Back to top
When you browse to socialwork.rutgers.edu the School automatically collects information from your desktop, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or any other internet capable device (a.k.a. device) in the School’s web analytic system.  The School collects such information as, but not limited to, your device’s operating system and version, the browser you are using, the time you first browsed to socialwork.rutgers.edu, the duration of your visit, the path of your visit, where you visited from, your device’s screen resolution, and the IP address of your device.  The School also automatically collects, in server logs, the IP address of your device, the browser you are using, your device’s operating system, time, date, page status and other related information.
Cookies:
Like many organizations the School uses cookies, which are unique identifiers transferred to your device when you browse to socialwork.rutgers.edu.  They are text files stored temporarily in your device’s memory and automatically deleted when you close your browser or placed on your device’s storage.  Cookies on socialwork.rutgers.edu are used for technical reasons and to gather information about your visit, such as when you first visited socialwork.rutgers.edu, the pages you visited, the time you spent on each page and related information.  If you wish to prevent cookies from being transferred to your device when visiting socialwork.rutgers.edu please consult the Help menu of your browser for instructions about how to configure privacy settings.  Please note, by not accepting cookies there may be features on socialwork.rutgers.edu that do not work, or do not perform in the same way or as well, as if you accepted cookies.
Web Beacons:
The School uses web beacons.  Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image (usually invisible) to a web page for the purpose of transferring data and/or delivering cookies.  Web beacons are used on socialwork.rutgers.edu for School’s campaigns.  The School of Social Work employs, through a third-party, Google and Facebook services for these campaigns.  Both Google and Facebook services use cookies, in particular, third-party cookies.  Please consult the Help menu of your browser for information about cookies and third-party cookies and how to manage them.  Also, please consult the Google and Facebook privacy policies and review the privacy policies of any website where you may enter personal information.
How Does the School Use the Information It Gathers from You?    Back to top
The School uses the information collected when you browse to socialwork.rutgers.edu to maintain, improve and analyze the usage of socialwork.rutgers.edu and for security.  The School, for example, may use information about the pages you and other visitors browse to reorganize the socialwork.rutgers.edu for greater usability or move popular pages to more prominent locations.
Does the School Share the Information It Receives or Collects from You?    Back to top
The School does not sell or rent the information you have entered or collects from you when you visit socialwork.rutgers.edu.  Please keep in mind, the School may share personal information under limited circumstances.  These circumstances include, but are not restricted to, satisfying any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security, compliance or technical issues; protecting the rights and safety of users and others.  With your consent, the School may share your information.
What If You Do Not Want to Be Tracked?    Back to top
If you have actively turned on your browser’s Do Not Track setting the School’s web analytic system is configured, according to application instructions, to not track your activity while you are visiting socialwork.rutgers.edu.  Information like the duration of your visit, the path of your visit, where you visited from, your device’s screen resolution, will not be gathered.  The server logs for socialwork.rutgers.edu, which are independent of the School’s web analytic system, and include your IP address, user agent information, date, time and other related information, are not affected by your browser’s do not track settings.  The aforementioned information is retained for the purpose of monitoring, fixing technical and performance issues, and for security purposes.
How Long Does the School Keep Your Information?    Back to top
The School does not have a limit on how long it stores the information you have entered or has been collected in the School’s web analytic system and server logs.
How Does the School Secure Your Information?    Back to top
The School recognizes the importance of maintaining the security of your personal information.  The School uses reasonable security measures, including physical, administrative and technical safeguards to secure information.
What About External Links on socialwork.rutgers.edu?    Back to top
Socialwork.rutgers.edu contains links to other web sites which are not owned, operated, controlled or reviewed by the School.  These links are provided to you as a courtesy or convenience to you.  When you click on a link to one of these sites, you are no longer at socialwork.rutgers.edu and the School’s web privacy policy does not apply. When you are browsing another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that web site.
The School exercises no control over the organizations, views, accuracy, copyright or trademark compliance or the legality of the material contained on other sites and does not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information, content, products, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites.  The School specifically disclaims any and all liability from damages which may result from the accessing of a third-party site which is linked on socialwork.rutgers.edu, or from reliance on any such information.
What About Children Using socialwork.rutgers.edu?    Back to top
The School recognizes the importance of protecting children’s online privacy.  If you are under the age of 18 please access socialwork.rutgers.edu only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  The School does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian.
How the School Notifies You When the Web Privacy Policy Changes?    Back to top
The School may change its web privacy policy from time to time.  If the policy is changed the modified policy will be posted on socialwork.rutgers.edu with the date it was modified.  Please periodically check the School’s web privacy policy page for modifications.  The School will not individually notify you, or any other visitor, by any other means than updating the web privacy policy page located at socialwork.rutgers.edu.
How Can You Contact the School with Questions About Its Web Privacy Policy?    Back to top
If you have any questions about the socialwork.rutgers.edu web privacy policy please send mail to the below address or send an electronic mail to privacy@ssw.rutgers.edu.
Public Information Officer
School of Social Work
Rutgers University
120 Albany Street, Tower One - Suite 200
New Brunswick, New Jersey 08901
Back to top