https://southmillarts.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Clive
2020-08-18T15:43:46+00:00
Privacy Policy
1 | Statement of intent
The Rhodes Birthplace Trust (trading as “South Mill Arts, Bishop’s Stortford” including thestage, thescreen and themuseum) is committed to safeguarding your privacy, including online. This statement sets out how, and why, we use personal information, (or “data”), we collect about you, including through our website www.southmillarts.co.uk.
Please do read it carefully to understand how your personal information will be treated.
2 | Personal Information – data
Your personal information is also known as data, and is protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
Any data you provide about yourself, and any information which identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number will only be retained by us if you tell us that we can do so.
Of course, you might choose not to, although this means that we may not be able to provide you with the full range of our services (for example, letting you know of any problems).
You can update and amend your personal details at any time by signing into our website using the sign-in button, and then accessing your account details. Or you can call or visit the Box Office during opening hours, and we will do this for you.
Credit and debit card payments are handled by a secure third party provider.
3 | What we use your data for
If you have given us permission, we hold your data on our box office system and use it for operational purposes, such as processing bookings. We can also send you information about forthcoming shows via electronic mail and direct mail. At any time, you have the right to change the uses you permit us to make.
From time to time we might ask you for additional information, for the same purposes or to update our records. You never have to agree to this; and we will always tell you why we need this information.
4 | Sharing your data
We will never share your data without your permission. You can withdraw your permission at any time.
5 | Automated data collection
When you visit our box office website, it automatically captures your internet protocol (“IP”), address, in order to keep track of what you are requesting. It will not have any of your personal information until you tell it, though. We also use Google analytics. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google.
6 | Security
We take every precaution to protect your data, and we have developed and adopted technologies, practices and policies to safeguard you and your data.
7 | Disclosure
Except where you have given your informed consent, South Mill Arts will not disclose any of your personal information without permission unless we are required to do so, for example if required by a court order, or when requested by the police or another authority investigating illegal activity.
8 | Third party sites
We can not be responsible for the privacy and practices of other companies, even when you have reached them from our website. So we recommend you check this for each new site you visit.
9 | Transferring your personal information outside of the EEA
Sometimes as part of our operations we may need to transfer your data out of the European Economic Area or EEA. For example, a server supporting our website might be outside the EEA. If this happens, we have take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this notice.
10 | Any questions
If you have questions about this, or wish to request a copy of the data we hold about you, then please contact the Data Protection Officer, Paula Holland, pholland@southmillarts.co.uk.
By using our site you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy. For more information see our Terms & Conditions.Ok