https://statenews.com/page/privacy
Friday, December 11, 2020
Home
News
City
Campus
All News
Culture
Sports
Football
Men’s Basketball
Women’s Basketball
Volleyball
Ice Hockey
Men’s Soccer
Women’s Soccer
Baseball
Softball
All Sports
Opinion
Spotlight
Multimedia
Contact
More
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 14, 2017
This privacy policy was adapted from the Automattic privacy policy, and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
This privacy policy applies to the following web sites and services: statenews.com.
This privacy policy does not cover reprints.statenews.com which has its own, specific, privacy policy.
Visitors
Like most website operators, The State News collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The State News's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The State News's visitors use its website.
The State News also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The State News does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The State News's websites choose to interact with The State News in ways that require The State News to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The State News gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment to an email address. In each case, The State News collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with The State News. The State News does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The State News may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, The State News may monitor the most popular articles or comments on the statenews.com.com site. The State News may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The State News does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The State News discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The State News's behalf or to provide services available at The State News's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The State News's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The State News will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The State News discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when The State News believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The State News, third parties or the public at large. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The State News takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Collection of Information by Service Providers and Third-Party Advertising Service Providers
Our service providers and third-party advertising service providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information. The data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting through our Services does not include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, birthdate or gender unless you affirmatively provide information within the ad. However, it may include Device identifying information such as the IP address, MAC address, cookie or other Device-specific unique ID. These service providers also may assign an anonymous identifier to the tracking pixel or session cookie.
The collection of information by our service providers and third-party advertising service providers is governed by their relevant privacy notices, for which we have no responsibility or liability, and are not covered by our Privacy Notice. If you have any questions regarding the privacy notice of one of our service providers, you should contact the service provider directly for more information.
If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular third-party advertising service provider, or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a third-party advertising service provider’s information collection practices, go to www.aboutads.info, or for apps, at www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The State News uses cookies to help The State News identify and track visitors, and their website access preferences. The State News visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The State News's websites, with the drawback that certain features of The State News's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The State News and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The State News may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The State News's sole discretion. The State News encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Legal Actions & Disputes
By accessing this website, user agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any and all legal actions or disputes against The State News and any of its employees shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Michigan. Any legal action must be commenced in the 54B District Court of Michigan in East Lansing, Michigan, the Ingham County Circuit Court in Lansing,Michigan, or the U.S. District Court, Western District of Michigan in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
TRENDING
CITY
What the rocky presidential transition means for national security, pandemic response
Verena Daniel
CAMPUS
Fall 2020: semester in review
Wendy Guzman
CULTURE
'It gave me more faith in America': LGBTQ students react to Biden's Win
Jack Armstrong
CAMPUS
MSU signs contract with NextEra Energy for 20 MW solar array
Jacob May
CITY
EL Cultural Arts Grant program opens 2nd round of applications
Lucy VanRegenmorter
CAMPUS
ASMSU VPGA Maysa Sitar resigns citing concern for the next Office of the President
Jacob May