http://studyguide.org/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Main menuHome
MLA Format
Contact Us
Example Assignments
Full Stories
Literature
Speech
Study Guides
Teacher Resources
Writing
Get Better Grades
Are You Ready for College Level English Class?
Building The Right Environment For Study
Causes of study stress and how to overcome them
General study tips for new or returning students
How To Deal With Study Stress
How To Deliver A Speech To A Class
How To Overcome Study Block
How To Study In A Group
How To Take Notes In Class
How to Focus When Studying and Be Completely Prepared for Your Exam
How to Study for an Exam, Without Cramming
How to Work Together as a Group To Deliver a Group Presentation (General Tips)
How to avoid study procrastination
How to stay healthy for studying
How to use the Internet to study
Memory Tips For Studying
Note Taking and Revision Tips
Study Tips: Audiobooks and studying on public transport
Three Essay Writing Tips And The Difference between Spoken English and Written English
Common Themes in Literature
Best Places To Study For An Exam
Getting the Most Out of Your Studying Time
How To Deliver A “High Distinction” Presentation
Studying for a Science Exam
Proper Ways to Take Notes When Reading
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of StudyGuide.org.
We can be reached via e-mail at admin@studyguide.org
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, in order to alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Have a question? Ask it now.
Tweet