http://studentprivacy.ed.gov?src=rn
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Resources Resources
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA)
Annual Notices
Guidance
Legal Basics
Security Best Practices
Glossary
Letters of Importance
Historical Archive of Issued Letters
Training Online Training Modules
Videos
Webinars
Browse by Audience Browse By Audience
K-12 School Officials
Parents and Students
Postsecondary School Officials
Early Childhood Educators
Vendors
Researchers
FAQs
About Us
Contact Contact
Ask a Question
Join the Student Privacy Listserv
Request PTAC Training or Technical Assistance
File a Complaint
File a Complaint
COVID-19 and Virtual Learning Resources
A recorded webinar that addresses 10 common scenarios and questions on FERPA
FERPA & COVID-19 FAQs
A resource list on FERPA and Virtual Learning
Blog Post: May Schools Disclose Information about Cases of COVID-19?
Student Privacy at the U.S. Department of Education
The U.S. Department of Education is committed to protecting student privacy. We administer and enforce student privacy laws such as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA). In addition, we provide technical assistance to help schools and school districts safeguard information about students.
To learn more about federal student privacy laws and your rights please see the short video to the right or explore these other resources:
FERPA General guidance for Parents or Students
PPRA General Guidance
Frequently Asked Questions on Photos and Videos
How to File a Complaint
Data Security
Education App Protection
Most Requested Documents
Student Privacy for...
K-12 School Officials
Parents & Students
Post-Secondary School Officials
Early Childhood Educators
Vendors
Researchers
K-12 School Officials
Parents & Students
Post-Secondary School Officials
Early Childhood Educators
Vendors
Researchers
Frequently Asked Questions
Who is a parent?
If a student under 18 is enrolled in both high school and a local college, do parents have the right to inspect and review his or her education records?
What is an education record?
Colleges and the 2020 Census
What is FERPA?
FAQs on Photos and Videos under FERPA
Student Privacy Matters
04/22/2020
Cover letter to the Department’s annual notices to SEAs and LEAs
The Department of Education (Department) is required to notify annually each State educational agency (SEA) and each local educational agency (LEA...
04/22/2020
FERPA Notice to Chief State School Officers
This letter is meant to inform State Education Agencies about their responsibilities regarding federal privacy laws including FERPA and PPRA.
04/22/2020
Annual Notice to Superintendents
The Department of Education (Department) is required to notify annually each State educational agency (SEA) and each Local Educational Agency (LEA...
SEE MORE
Resources
11/25/2020
Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA) General Guidance
This guidance document reviews parents’ rights under the PPRA and education officials’ obligations in implementing the PPRA.  The PPRA applies to...
10/02/2020
FERPA's Complaint Process Explained
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA, provides certain rights for parents and eligible students around student education...
10/02/2020
What Happens When I File a Complaint?
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA, provides certain rights for parents and eligible students around student education...
SEE MORE
Privacy Policy