https://summerprograms.jhu.edu/university-policies/
Skip to main content
Policies
Summer Programs Home
Overview
The Johns Hopkins University Office of Summer and Intersession Programs complies with all University Policies. For further details, please visit  JHU University Policies and Statements.
JHU Summer Programs Rules and Regulations
Rules and regulations provide the basis for a reasonably ordered campus life. The mere observance of rules, without the cooperation and personal appropriation of the values that they protect falls short of what Johns Hopkins hopes for everyone who is part of the campus community. Please see the Rules and Regulations enrollment form for specific information.
Code of Conduct and Academic Integrity
Students enrolled in Hopkins Summer Programs must comply with the university’s undergraduate academic regulations and rules governing student life and academic integrity.
Cheating is wrong. Cheating hurts our community by undermining academic integrity, creating mistrust, and fostering unfair competition. The university may punish cheaters with failure on an assignment, failure in a course, permanent transcript notation, suspension, and/or expulsion. Offenses may be reported to medical, law, or other professional or graduate schools when a cheater applies.
Violations can include cheating on exams, plagiarism, reuse of assignments without permission, improper use of the Internet and electronic devices, unauthorized collaboration, alteration of graded assignments, forgery and falsification, lying, facilitating academic dishonesty, and unfair competition. Ignorance of these rules is not an excuse.
For more information, see the guide on “Academic Ethics for Undergraduates” and the Ethics Board website.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), is a federal law that establishes certain rights and protections for students concerning the privacy of student education records maintained by a postsecondary institution. Under FERPA, a student’s written authorization is required before JHU may disclose personally identifiable information from that student’s education records, except to the extent that a FERPA exception permitting disclosure without authorization applies.
Please Note: FERPA permits JHU to disclose “directory information” to third parties, unless the student has opted out. Some examples of directory information are: name, email, phone number, home address, and parents’ names.
Further information on FERPA is available via the Office of the Registrar. FERPA permits a student to opt-out by requesting that JHU not release Directory Information about that student to third parties. This request may be made by completing the “Request to Prevent Disclosure of Directory Information” form. Once you have completed the form, please mail or deliver in person to:
The Office of the Registrar
Johns Hopkins University
3400 N. Charles St.
75 Garland Hall
Baltimore, MD 21218
Until this form is submitted, directory information may be disclosed to third parties at JHU’s discretion.
The Johns Hopkins University Office of Institutional Equity
Students have access to resources and services offered the Office of Institutional Equity and are covered by the following JHU Equal Opportunity Policies:
General Anti-Harassment Policy
Policy Against Sexual Harassment
Sexual Violence, Sexual Assault, Relationship Violence, and Stalking Policy
These policies and the processes for filing a complaint may be found on the JHU website.
Sexual Assault Response and Prevention Services:
Sexual Assault Helpline: The Sexual Assault Helpline (410-516-7333) is a confidential service of the Johns Hopkins University Counseling Center. Trained professional counselors are available to offer support, provide resources or answer questions for students 24/7. Click here to find out more about JHU’s sexual assault response and prevention resources.
Johns Hopkins University (JHU) Title IX Coordinators:
Any student, faculty, staff member, or applicant for admission or education who has concerns about sex discrimination or sexual misconduct is encouraged to seek the assistance of a Title IX coordinator. For more information, visit JHU’s Office of Institutional Equity website.
JHU Summer Programs
Request Information
Apply
Financial Assistance
Pre-College Programs
Pre-College Programs
Admission Info & Application
Technical Requirements
What to Expect
Program Access
Guidelines
Hop Clubs
Hop Events
Undergraduate Courses
2021 Summer Courses
Summer Online Policies
Summer Online Proctor Policy
Summer Online Technical Requirements
Policies
FAQs
Academic Transcripts
International Students
Accepted Students
Summer 2020 Events Board
For Parents
Contact
Orientation to Our Programs
Search
Summer 2021 Application Open