https://summer.ucsc.edu/uc-policies.html
Skip to main content
Skip to primary navigation
UC Santa Cruz
MyUCSC
People
Calendars
Maps
A-Z Index
Search
Summer Session
About
Contact
Work with Us
Reports
Student Success Stories
Instructors' Guide
Other UC Summer Sessions
How to Enroll
I am a Current Student
I am a Fall Admit Frosh
I am a Fall Admit Transfer
I am a Graduate Student
I am a High School Student
I am a Visiting Student
I am a Former UCSC Student
I am Alumni
I am Staff or Faculty
Courses
Add/Drop/Withdraw
Courses By Department
Courses by GE Code
College Spotlight
2-Credit Classes
Independent Studies
Three Year Pathways
Course Syllabi
Tuition & Aid
Tuition and Fees
Payment and Refund Policy
Financial Aid
Matthew Margulis Memorial Scholarship
Summer Edge
About Summer Edge
First Year Edge
Transfer Edge
High School
Student Life
Summer Academic Calendar
Grades and Transcripts
MyUCSC Portal
Advising
Housing
Home /
University of California Policies
Accreditation & Standards Privacy of Records Non-Discrimination Statement Crime Awareness and Campus Security Act Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment
Accreditation & StandardsThe University of California, Santa Cruz, is accredited by the Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), the regional accrediting association. The institution is a member of the Association of American Colleges and is listed in the official publications of the U.S. Department of Education. The University of California, Santa Cruz holds membership in other professional and academic organizations.
Privacy of RecordsThe Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) was established in order to protect the privacy of students with respect to education records; to establish students' rights to inspect and review their education records, and to provide students with an opportunity to have inaccurate or misleading information in their education records corrected.
To view the latest policy information on the privacy of student data, please go to the Privacy of Student Records page on the UC Santa Cruz Office of the Registrar's website.
Back to Top
Non-Discrimination StatementThe University of California prohibits discrimination against or harassment of any person employed by or seeking employment with the University on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), physical or mental disability, medical condition (cancer-related or genetic characteristics), ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or status as a covered veteran (special disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Vietnam era veterans, or any other veterans who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized).
The University of California is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. The University undertakes affirmative action to assure equal employment opportunity for minorities and women, for persons with disabilities, and for covered veterans. University policy is intended to be consistent with the provisions of applicable State and Federal laws. If you have questions about UCSC's EEO/AA policies, or if you believe that you have been discriminated against or harassed, please call the Office for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at (831) 459-1758, or email diversity@ucsc.edu.
Back to Top
Crime Awareness and Campus Security ActUCSC's annual security report includes statistics for the previous three years concerning reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings owned or controlled by UCSC, and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible for the campus. The report also includes institutional policies concerning campus security, such as policies concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. You can obtain a copy of this report by contacting the UCSC Police Department or by accessing the following website: http://police.ucsc.edu/crime-prevention/clery.html
Back to Top
Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment
The Title IX Office encourages anyone to report a possible violation of the UC Policy on Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment as soon as possible after its occurrence, in order for appropriate and timely action to be taken. Under the policy, sexual violence includes: sexual assault, dating and domestic violence, stalking, and invasions of sexual privacy. When the Title IX Office receives a report it can assist in creating safety utilizing no contact directives, accommodations (housing, transportation, academic and employment), and other interim safety measures as needed. Please note that all UC employees are required to report sexual violence and sexual harassment against a student to the Title IX Office. When the report is made by a third party, Title IX staff will reach out via email to the potential complainant to inform he/she/them of their reporting options and the resources and safety measures that are available.
The Title IX Office can assist complainants with alternative resolution as well as formal investigation. Generally, the Title IX Officer will follow the request of the complainant when deciding whether to initiate a formal investigation. In situations where the Title IX Officer deems that an investigation is necessary to mitigate a potential risk to the campus community, the Title IX Officer may initiate an investigation without a formal complaint; however, the complainant(s) can choose whether or not to participate in the investigation.
The Title IX Office conducts an investigation to determine whether the UC Policy on Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment was violated and will make recommendations for discipline. To make a report or for more information about Title IX administrative procedures and options, contact the Title IX Officer, Tracey Tsugawa at 831.459.2462
For information and resources related to sexual violence please visit safe.ucsc.edu
You may also report sexual violence directly to the UCSC Police Department - 831.459.2231
Back to Top
UC Santa Cruz, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, Ca 95064
©2020 Regents of the University of California. All Rights Reserved.
Call 831-459-5373
Email Us
Mailing List
Accreditation
Non-Discrimination Policy
Land Acknowledgement
Employment
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Sexual Violence Prevention & Response (Title IX)
Last modified: October 11, 2017
128.114.113.73