https://summerprograms.jhu.edu/summer-online-policies/
Skip to main content
Summer Online Policies
Summer Programs Home
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is a Federal law designed to protect the privacy of a student’s education record and prohibits the university from disclosing information from those records without the written consent of the student. Click here for a complete description of the university’s policy on student privacy.
JHU Summer Online courses will be delivered on Blackboard, the university’s learning management system.
Access to JHU Blackboard requires a university logon (called a “JHED”), which will be provisioned at the time of enrollment and payment.
If you do not attend Johns Hopkins in the fall or spring terms, or if you do not currently have an active logon, you can request this credential through the Office of Summer & Intersession Programs’ Summer Term application site.
The Blackboard system is linked with the JHU Student Information System (SIS).
Enrollment in a course that is designated online is required for access.
You must logon with your Johns Hopkins University credentials.
Access via alternate credentials, such as a personal email address, is not permitted.
Johns Hopkins University reserves the right to deny access Blackboard in cases where students have not cleared student account balances prior to the start of the course.
Re-enrollment will only be permitted upon full payment of fees.
Late fees for enrollment or payment may be applicable.
All students enrolled in a JHU online course will be provided with a Johns Hopkins University email address.
Official Johns Hopkins communication, including that from your instructor, will be sent to your JHU email address.
If you do not attend Johns Hopkins in the fall or spring terms, or if you do not currently have an active email address, you can request this credential through the Office of Summer & Intersession Programs’ application site.
It is your responsibility to read your JHU email and take action when prompted.
You can read your Johns Hopkins email at the “myJH Portal“.
You can forward your university email to a non-JHU email service (such as Gmail or Yahoo).
Click here for Directions on email forwarding.
Unless otherwise stated, course information and deadlines will be listed for the Eastern Standard Time zone (EST). Regardless of where you are located, course submissions will be recorded in EST.
This means that you must be aware of EST day and time, and submit course materials to meet deadlines.
Course prerequisites, expectations for prior learning or educational achievement, will be indicated in the course description and/or the course syllabus.
It is the student’s responsibility to assess his or her readiness for this course based on this information.
You are free to seek feedback from the course instructor.
Discovery that you do not have met the necessary prerequisites for the course will not form the basis of an exception to university policy regarding withdrawal and refunds.
Discovery that you do not have the time or resources to take the online course, or that online learning is not suitable to you, will not form the basis of an exception to university policy regarding withdrawal and refunds.
Johns Hopkins University summer online courses have the same expectations for academic rigor, student achievement, and course conduct integrity as any face-to-face course offered by the university.
Click Here for the JHU Code of Student Conduct
Grades and other forms of course evaluation will be awarded according to the same standards used by Johns Hopkins University.
Every instructor will have expectations for the quantity and quality of work in the course, which will affect the final evaluation in the course and the grade.
Johns Hopkins University makes no warranty regarding the transferability of the course(s) or the applicability of the course(s) to your degree program or to another college/university.
Rules about course transfer and suitability for inclusion in a degree program are the purview of the student’s home institution.
Johns Hopkins University assumes no liability for your malfunctioning equipment, software, or poor internet connectivity.
It is your responsibility to be aware of the technical requirements needed to engage in online study, and to provide your own equipment and internet connectivity to take the course.
Instructors may require scheduled group or individual video conferences as part of the course.
These conferences may be scheduled regularly or offered on an ad hoc basis as needed.
Instructors may require that a proctor supervise exams (written or online). It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of proctor expectations, to find and secure a suitable proctor, and to facilitate the work of the proctor.
Click here for a complete description of the university’s summer proctor policy.
Johns Hopkins University has a Network Acceptable Use Policy, which is applicable when engaging in online student and using university network resources.
Click here for more information.
JHU Summer Programs
Request Information
Apply
Financial Assistance
Pre-College Programs
Pre-College Programs
Admission Info & Application
Technical Requirements
What to Expect
Program Access
Guidelines
Hop Clubs
Hop Events
Undergraduate Courses
2021 Summer Courses
Summer Online Policies
Summer Online Proctor Policy
Summer Online Technical Requirements
Policies
FAQs
Academic Transcripts
International Students
Accepted Students
Summer 2020 Events Board
For Parents
Contact
Orientation to Our Programs
Search
Summer 2021 Application Open