https://sunysullivan.edu/privacy-policy
SUNY Sullivan Home
Apply
Donate
MENU
Search Website
Home
Privacy Policy
>
Academics
Academic Calendar
Community Education
Course Descriptions
Freshman Year Experience
General Education Requirements
Honors Program
Library
SUNY Sullivan Online
Programs of Study
Registrar & Transcripts
>
Admissions & Aid
Admissions Process
Apply Online
Cost & Financial Aid
Student Billing
Directions to Campus
>
Campus Life
Dining Services
Health Services
Residential Life
Safety & Security
Services & Resources
Tutoring
Student Activities
Title IX
Wellness Program
>
Athletics
Intramural Sports
Paul Gerry Fieldhouse
Recruitment
Staff
>
About Sullivan
Academic Divisions and Departments
Board of Trustees
Human Resources
FOIL Requests
Student Consumer Information
Sustainable Sullivan
>
Tools
Brightspace
Directory
MY SUNY Sullivan
Event Calendar
Starfish
SulliMail
I am a...
Future Student
Current Student
Faculty or Staff Member
Alumnus, Donor or Friend
Share on Twitter!
Thank you for visiting the SUNY Sullivan website. SUNY Sullivan respects the privacy of all visitors to our website and is committed to preserving your privacy when visiting this site.
This policy describes SUNY Sullivan’s privacy practices regarding information collected from users of this website. It also describes the data that is collected and how that information is used. SUNY Sullivan may modify, add, or delete portions of this policy at its discretion. This privacy policy applies to this site all products and service offered by SUNY Sullivan.
SUNY Sullivan does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an email, completing an online form, responding to a survey, or completing an online transaction.
Information collected automatically when you visit this website
When visiting this website, SUNY Sullivan automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:
The Internet protocol address of the device that accessed our web site
The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is running
The web page from which the user accessed the current web page
The date and time of the user’s request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent on each page
None of the foregoing information is deemed to be personally identifiable information.
The information that is collected automatically is used to improve this website’s content and to help SUNY Sullivan understand how users are interacting with the website. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users, and to improve the utility of the material available on the website. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and SUNY Sullivan will not sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from the website for commercial marketing purposes.
Information collected when you email this website or complete a transaction
During your visit to this site you may complete a survey, register for a class, fill out an application, conduct a financial transaction, access an authenticated file, complete an order form or other similar action.
The information, including personal information, volunteered by you in completing these transactions is used by SUNY Sullivan to operate its programs, which include the provision of goods, services and information. It may be disclosed by SUNY Sullivan, for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
SUNY Sullivan does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13 through this website. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail or through an online transaction will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access. The college strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children’s Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information on-line.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Web Site
The collection of information through this website and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. SUNY Sullivan will only collect personal information or disclose personal information collected if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to SUNY Sullivan by the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by SUNY Sullivan for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to SUNY Sullivan.
However, SUNY Sullivan may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of SUNY Sullivan, or necessary for SUNY Sullivan to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through this website, is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
SUNY Sullivan may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to SUNY Sullivan’s information technology assets.
Security
SUNY Sullivan limits employee access to personally identifiable information from this website to only those employees who need access to perform a specific job. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operations of this site as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information. For site security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, SUNY Sullivan employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage to this site.
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among internet websites.
To better serve you, we occasionally use cookies to enhance or customize your visit to this website. These cookies are created automatically on the device you use to access SUNY Sullivan’s website, they do not contain personal information, and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this website.
The software and hardware you use to access this site allows you to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this website.
Disclaimers
The SUNY Sullivan website has many links to other websites. When you follow a link to another site, you are no longer on the SUNY Sullivan website and this privacy policy will not apply. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services or accessibility of that website.
Information provided on this website is intended to allow visitors immediate access to public information. While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current and reliable information, SUNY Sullivan recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical error. Therefore, SUNY Sullivan, its employees, officers and agencies make no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of the information provided by this site, and deny any expressed or implied warranty as to the same.
SUNY Sullivan reserves the right to revise and update this privacy policy at any time by posting such revised privacy policy on the SUNY Sullivan home page.
Contact Information
For questions regarding the privacy policy or the practices of this site, please contact us at:
Cindy Bennedum-Kashan
Dean of Community Outreach
SUNY Sullivan
112 College Road
Loch Sheldrake, NY 12759
This policy was last updated on July 15, 2016
112 College Road, Loch Sheldrake, NY 12759(845) 434-5750 or (800) 577-5243
SUNY Sullivan FacebookSUNY Sullivan TwitterSUNY Sullivan Instagram
©2020 Sullivan County Community College, All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy