https://surpasssoftware.com/privacy-policy
Request A Demo
×
Home
Products
Surpass Cloud
Surpass for Windows
About Us
Support
Testimonials
Contact
Free Trial
Request A Demo
Free Trial
Privacy Policy
Last modified September 2020
Introduction
Surpass Software LLC (“Surpass Software”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy.  The purpose of this privacy policy is to make you aware of how we collect, manage, protect, use and/or share Personal Information and what choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of your Personal Information.
We provide technologies, websites, applications, products and/or services (individually and collectively referred to as our, “Services”) to organizations (our “Customer(s)”). Our Services are offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations such as schools and libraries.  How we collect information and use information may differ based on our relationship with you as an individual.  We are not responsible for privacy practices of our Customers which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Our Customer’s privacy statement/policy governs you if you are an end-user (parent/student, patron or affiliated person) of our Customer (your school, library, or employer) and you are using our Services through our Customer. In this case, you should direct any privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your school, library’s, or employer’s privacy policy administrator.
Your Personal Information Applying to this Policy
This privacy policy applies to your Personal
Information we collect:
Via our Services.
It does not apply to
information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including
on any other website operated by another company or any third party; or Any third party, including through any
application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible
from or via our Services.
Your Personal Information We Collect
We may collect several types of
information from and about users of our Services, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such
as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other
identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personal Information“);That is about you but individually does not
identify you, such as your search or request queries; and/orAbout your internet connection, the equipment
you use to access our Services, and usage details.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We may collect your Personal Information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us; and/orAutomatically as you navigate through our Services.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
The information we may collect on or
through our Services may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms
or searches while using our Services. Records and copies of your correspondence
(including email addresses) if you contact us.Details of transactions you carry out through use
of our Services and of the fulfillment of your requests. Your search queries made via our Services.
Personal Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection
Technologies
As you navigate through and interact
with our Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect
certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns,
including:
Details of your visits to our Services,
including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the
resources that you access and use via our Services.Information about your computer and internet
connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
If you choose to register and sign in by using a third-party account (such as your Facebook or Google account), the authentication of your login is handled by the third party, and any personal information collected
during that third-party login is not covered by this policy. Surpass Software will collect your name, email address and any other information about your third-party account that you agree to share with us at the time you give permission for your Surpass Software account to be linked to your third-party
account.
We also may use these technologies to
collect information about your online activities over time and across
third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). The
information we collect automatically may include Personal Information. It helps
us to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more personalized service,
including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences,
allowing us to customize our Services according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Services.
The technologies we use for this
automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or
browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your
computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate
setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable
to access certain Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so
that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you direct your
browser to our Services. Web
Beacons. Pages of our Services and our e-mails may contain small electronic
files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and
single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited
certain Services pages or opened an email and for other related Service
statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Service content
and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications on our
Services may be served by third parties, ad networks and servers, content
providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone
or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect
information about you when you use our Services. The information they collect
may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information,
including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across
different websites and other online services. They may use this information to
provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third
parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any
questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact
the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of
receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices
About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use information that we
collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To present our Services and its contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or Services
that you request from us.To provide you with notices about your account/subscription,
including expiration and renewal notices.To carry out our obligations and enforce our
rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including
for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Services or
any products or services we offer or provide though it.To allow you to participate in interactive features
on delivered by our Services.In any other way we may describe when you
provide the information.To fulfill any other purpose for which you
provide it.For any other purpose with your consent.
How We Disclose Your Personal Information
We may disclose aggregated
information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual,
without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information
that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other
third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual
obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the
purposes for which we disclose it to them.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a
merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
transfer of some or all of Surpass Software LLC assets, whether as a going concern
or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal
Information held by Surpass Software LLC about our Service users is among the
assets transferred.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal
process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use and other
agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or
appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Surpass Software, our
customers, or others.
Your Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
We strive to provide you with choices
regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created
mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking
Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser
cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse
cookies, please note that some parts of our Services may then be inaccessible
or not function properly.
Your Access to Your Personal Information
Depending
on your location and where applicable law requires, you may have the following
choices with respect to your Personal Information:
the right to access
your Personal Information;the right to update
your Personal Information by emailing us. If practically possible, we will make
corrections (where appropriate) based on your updated information;the right to withdraw
your consent with respect to Personal Information that is collected on the
basis of your consent;the right to request
deletion of your Personal Information or object to its processing;the right to portability
– to move, copy or transmit personal data from one IT environment to another;
andthe right to lodge a
complaint with us or, as applicable, with a supervisory authority.
To
learn more about the Personal Information that we have collected or to exercise
your choices regarding your Personal Information, including updating or
changing that information, please contact us by email, help@SurpassSupport.com or
by mail at our business address.
Your Acceptance and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Services. By using our Services you agree to this policy. We will update this privacy policy should we make changes to our Services and/or privacy practices that affect your privacy; thus, this policy may change from time to time. The date our privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the policy. If we make material changes to how we treat your Personal Information, we will require an acknowledgement and acceptance of our updated privacy policy.
Children Under the Age of 13
Surpass Software is committed to The Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its rules. Persons under the age of 13 may
only access Services via our Customers as their parents/students, patrons, or affiliated
person and are subject to the respective Customer’s privacy practices and policies.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose any Personal Information from individuals
under the age of 13 unless and until our Customer has provided authorization
for such person to use our Services and for Personal Information to be
collected.
You should contact us at help@SurpassSupport.com if you
believe we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child under
the age of 13 without proper consent.  Upon
notice we will delete such information as soon as possible.
Our Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about
this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Surpass Software LLC200 E Lake Sue AvenueWinter Park, FL 32789help@SurpassSupport.com