https://sydneyjewishmuseum.com.au/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 update: We are open on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays! Click here for latest updates.
Privacy Policy
We understand that when accessing our website or interacting with us online, the privacy and confidentiality of personal information is important. That’s why we are committed to safeguarding the details you provide us.
The following explains what information we gather from you when you go to our website, how we use that information and how you can contact us for more information.
The information we collect
Each time someone visits our site, our web server collects the following types of information:
The number of users who visit; the date and time of visits; the number of pages viewed; how users navigate through the site.
No attempts are made to identify anyone browsing our site. The data is captured so that we can accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements for you.
We do not collect personal information from you unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide it to us. We do not provide or sell information about our members or site visitors to vendors.
How we capture information
We use technology called cookies when you visit our site. Cookies are small pieces of information which can be stored on your hard drive (persistent cookies) or in memory (session cookies). They can record information about your visit to the site, allowing it to remember you next time you visit and provide a more meaningful experience.
We use cookies to offer you increased security. Despite common myths, the cookies we send to your PC cannot read your hard drive, obtain any information from your browser or command your computer to perform any action. They are designed so that they cannot be sent to another site or be retrieved by any site other than Sydney Jewish Museum.
Linked websites
This Privacy Statement applies to the Sydney Jewish Museum site. The Sydney Jewish Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices, privacy statements, or content of various other web sites linked to ours.
Internet risks
To ensure security, the Sydney Jewish Museum uses a highly secure internet connection to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any information we receive from you. However, as with any transmission over the Internet, there is always some element of risk involved in sending personal information.
Sorry, we are closed.
Mon - Tue
Closed
Wed
10am - 4pm
Thu
10am - 4pm
Fri
Closed
Sat
Closed
Sun
10am - 4pm
Public/Jewish Holidays
Check here
CURRENT EXHIBITIONNostalgic Glimpses of a Bygone Era
Now open
Nostalgic Glimpses of a Bygone Era is an exhibition of paintings by Camille Fox, a Jewish artist who was born in the "golden era" in Alexandria, Egypt.
Camille has childhood memories of a charmed life in Egypt. She recalls memories of Mohammad, their ‘bawab’, who used to walk her to school, visiting her grandfather at his textile store in Anfushi, her grandmother sipping sweet black coffee in fine English porcelain cups and nibbling cakes in Alexandria's finest tea rooms.
See Full Calendar
What's on at SJM?
Public
The Freedom Circus
15 December 20207pmFree
Events
Talk by Holocaust survivor Kitty Lowinger
22 December 202011am$20
Events
Talk by Holocaust survivor Ella Nathan
29 December 202011am$20
See All
What’s On Newsletter
Keep up to date on all Museum events and exhibitions.
First name*SurnameEmail*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
0
Your Cart
Your cart is empty