http://teachx.rutgers.edu/sirs/privacy.html
Center for Teaching Advancement and Assessment Research
116 College Avenue
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey
New Brunswick, NJ 08901
http://ctaar.rutgers.edu/
Phone: (848) 932-7466
Fax: (732) 932-1845
Directions
SIRS Privacy
Student Instructional Ratings Survey
The Student Instructional Ratings Survey has been a paper-based system
since its inception in 1994.
As we move to an online system we remain
committed to ensuring student privacy.
For
the online surveys, we require that students log in before submitting their responses. Logging in is used strictly for two purposes:
To ensure the students responding to the survey are enrolled in the class.
To ensure that each student only replies once.
The university deletes the identifying information from the survey database after the completion of the survey collection period. Once this information is deleted it is impossible to connect a response or comment to any student. Prior to deletion, the identifying information is handled with the same security standards and safeguards as other confidential student information. Should threats to person or property be made by a student within the Student Instructional Rating Survey system, action may be taken to identify the individual and investigate the threat.
CTAAR reports the anonymous aggregate data and comments to the academic departments and individual instructors after final grades have been submitted. Academic departments and instructors never have access to any identifying information.
Summarized statistical reports for surveys concerning faculty and part-time lecturers are published for the university community at the SIRS Online Results web site, <https://sirs.ctaar.rutgers.edu/>.
NetID log-on is required to view the reports. These reports are identical to those distributed to departments and instructors, with the exception that student comments are not included in the public reports.
The University Counsel has determined that posting Student Instructional Rating Survey information for Teaching Assistants must cease as of Fall 2004 because of the requirements of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99).
Updated August 4, 2011
Teaching
Assessment
Instructional Ratings
Workshops
Technology
CTAAR Home
SIRS Information
Procedures and Deadlines
Current
Surveys
Paper Surveys
For the Instructor
For the Student Volunteer
Sample Form
Online Surveys
New Blue System Info
Privacy Policy
Sample Form
Adding Questions
Student FAQ
Faculty FAQ
SIRS Results
SIRS Results for Students, Faculty and Staff
SIRS Archive for Department Administrators
How to Read SIRS Summaries
Guidlines for Interpreting Results
Contact CTAARctaar@brokenemail.rutgers.edu
please replace "brokenmail" with @docs.rutgers.edu
You are using a web browser that does not
support "CSS". Please ignore the part of this page below this text. You
may be using an older version of web browsing software that is likely
to have severe security and identity-theft issues, as well as problems
displaying certain web pages. You should download a newer web browser
from Microsoft or Mozilla.
Rutgers Home
Camden
Newark
New Brunswick
RBHS
Online
Search Rutgers