http://teacherease.com/terms.aspx
Toggle navigation
Products
NewFinancial Management System
TeacherEase - Standards-based Learning
Committee Collaboration
Learning Targets
Rubrics
Summative and Formative Assessments
Learning Management System (LMS)
Data Analytics
Standards-based Gradebook
Standards-based Report Cards
Works with Any SIS
SchoolInsight
Core Student Management
Lunch
Discipline
Advanced Scheduling
Health Records
Catholic Schools/Dioceses
Services
Overview
SmartStart
Training
Customer Support
Consulting
System Requirements
Company
About Us
Webinars
News
Career Opportunities
Topics
The Cloud
What is Standards-based Grading?
Online Gradebook
Search State Standards
Common Core State Standards
Next Generation Science Standards
Illinois Learning Standards
Indiana Academic Standards
Iowa Core
Missouri Learning Standards
NH College and Career Ready Standards
Ohio Learning Standards
Oklahoma Academic Standards
Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills
Virgina Standards of Learning
Washington State Learning Standards
Common Core
CCSS
NGSS
Teks
Show-Me Standards
Virginia SOL
Log In
Sign Up
Request Demo
Terms of Service
This agreement is made and entered into by Common Goal Systems, Inc ("CGS"), an Illinois Corporation with its principal place of business at 188 Industrial Drive, Elmhurst, Illinois 60126, and the School for the Services, Period, and Payment Terms as defined in the TeacherEase Order Form. The TeacherEase Order Form and TeacherEase Terms of Service (version 5/2015), when accepted, constitutes the entire agreement ("Agreement") between the parties.
The School: When the School is referenced in this agreement, all terms referenced shall apply to any and all users from the School, which may include administrators, professionals, teachers, employees, and agents from the School. The School is responsible for its users' conformance to the agreement.
As Is: The School understands that the Services are provided "as is." CGS will make its best effort to maintain a properly functioning system and will respond to any malfunction as expeditiously as possible under the circumstances in existence when the non-conformance occurs. CGS makes no guarantee that the users and/or subscribers will not experience downtime, malfunction or problems due to network issues, software bugs, system failures, and/or unforeseen circumstance outside the control of CGS.
Third Party Fees: The Services need to be accessed via the Internet, the School is responsible for maintaining the infrastructure required to access the Services, at its own expense.
Payment: The Total Yearly Fee is due in full as specified by the Payment Terms. When applicable, CGS will handle payments through it's partner, WePay, as a third party, in which all parties are subject to its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. In the event the School fails so to pay, CGS reserves the right to cancel immediately this Agreement in its entirety, suspend the Services, and seek full remedies for the School's default.
Privacy: The Services store data of a confidential nature. CGS will not knowingly disclose or disseminate any confidential information to third parties without prior consent of the School. CGS may inspect certain confidential information for the purpose of system maintenance and to verify correct system operation.
Collection of Data From Children under age 13: The Child Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requires parental consent for online collection of personal information from children under 13. The School acting as an agent of parents grants consent to CGS to collect children’s personal information for educational purposes only.
CGS is not allowed to use or disclose personal information for non-educational purposes.
Security: The Services have been designed to withstand breaches in the system from unknown entities. CGS will maintain the technical security of the Services to prevent unauthorized viewing of data; unauthorized modification of data; and denial of service to the user base.
Password Protection: Each user of the School will receive an account and password to access the Services. The School is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the account and password information. The School is fully responsible for all activities that occur under its password or account and by its users. The School understands and accepts that CGS cannot be held liable for any loss or damage arising from the School's failure to comply with this paragraph.
Data Integrity: The Services are regularly backed up. In the unlikely event that the Services should experience system failure, CGS will make its best efforts to return the system to its exact state as it existed prior to the failure. In the event this is not possible, the most recent backup will be restored. The School understands that such loss of data can occur.
System Availability: The Services have been designed to provide a highly available environment. However, the Services may become temporarily unavailable due to upgrades, system maintenance or unforeseen technical issues. In these instances, CGS will make its best effort to return the system to its functioning state as soon as feasible. The School understands and accepts that said temporary system unavailability may occur throughout the duration of this Agreement.
Responsibility for Content: The Services function as a communication device between the School and surrounding communities. The content of these communications are the sole responsibilities of the users from which this content originated. CGS does not control the content posted and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. CGS will not be liable in any way for content.
No subscriber, customer or user may upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, create derivative works of, or distribute in any way content, software or other material that is protected by copyright or other proprietary right, without obtaining any required permission of the owner. Any material shared by the Service must conform with the Content Sharing Agreement (version 10/2013).
Member Conduct: Users shall not explore the Services and attempt to find security weaknesses. Any attempt to "hack" into the Services will result in suspension of the user's privileges and notification of the School.
Modifications to the Services: In an effort to improve quality, reliability, performance and features, CGS shall make changes to the Services throughout the duration of this Agreement. CGS reserves the right to modify the Services without notice. CGS shall not be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services or any part of the Services. CGS will make the final decision as to any/all changes made to the Services.
Indemnity: The School agrees to indemnify and hold CGS and its officers, agents, employees, and other partners harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of its use of the Services and any of the subject matter set forth in this Agreement.
Extension of Agreement: On or before the end of the Period, CGS may invoice the School for an additional calendar year of the Services. The fees may be the same or may increase up to 10% annually to reflect the current pricing of the Services. If the School chooses to pay the invoice, the School will receive the Services for an additional calendar year under the existing terms of the Agreement.
Disclaimer of Warranties: The School expressly understands and agrees that the use of the Services is at its sole risk. The Services are provided on an "as is" basis. CGS expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. CGS makes no warranty that: 1) the Services will meet your requirements; 2) the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free; 3) the information obtained from the Services will be accurate or reliable; and 4) any errors in the Services will be corrected. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by the School from CGS or through or from the Services shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this Agreement.
Limitation of Liability: The School expressly understands and agrees that it will not hold CGS liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages resulting from: 1) the use or the inability to use the Services; 2) the cost of procurement of substitute services; 3) unauthorized access to or alteration of the School's data; and/or 4) any other matter relating to the Services. Without waiving the foregoing limitation of liability, in the event the School should pursue any cause of action under this Agreement involving CGS, at CGS's discretion it may terminate the Agreement by refunding the subscription fee paid for the current year.
General Information: The terms of this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the School and CGS and govern the School's use of the Services, superseding prior agreements between the parties. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The School and CGS agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state court located within the County of DuPage, Illinois or if the claim is federal in nature, to the Northern District of Illinois. The failure of CGS to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The School agrees that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Attorney Review: The parties understand and agree that they have had the opportunity to review this Agreement with an attorney and have read and fully understand the content and the terms set forth in this Agreement.
Copyright © 2001-2020 Common Goal Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Share: