https://tfc.edu/campus-life/title-ix/privacy-policy/
menu XHome
About
Who We Are
Statement of Faith
Accreditations
Accolades
Associations
Student Profile
Student Achievement Goals
Quality Enhancement Plan
President’s Message
President’s Cabinet
News & Updates
Our Story
Our Community
Our Campus
Campus Directory
Interactive Campus Map
Toccoa Falls
Book An Event
Camps and Conferences
Gate Cottage
Admissions
Admissions Info For
Freshmen Students
Transfer Students
International Students
Home-schooled Students
Adult Learners
Graduate Program
Online Students
Returning Students
Dual Enrollment
Veterans
Meet the Team
Admissions Forms
Visit Campus
Contact Admissions
Financial Aid
Student Accounts
Make A Payment
Academics
Degrees and Programs
Graduate Program
Online Programs
Dual Enrollment
Schools
School of Arts & Sciences
School of Christian Ministries
Fetterman School of Nursing
School of Professional Studies
Departments
Bible & Theology
Business Administration
Counseling Psychology
Global Ministries
Humanities
Ministry & Leadership
Music
Natural Sciences & Mathematics
Nursing
Teacher Education
Faculty
Registrar’s Office
Transcript Requests
Library
Study Abroad
Academic Catalog
Center For Academic Success
Campus Life
Events
Student Affairs
Housing and Residence Life
Student Accounts
Make A Payment
Student Government
Culinary Services
Student Activities
Leadership and Service
Career Services
Student Wellness Center
Student Counseling Services
Student Health Services
Student Resources
Student Handbook
Student Safety and Care
Christian Life
Academic Integration
Community Formation Practices
Missional Formation Practices
The Grace Alford Performing Arts Center
Spiritual Formation FAQ
Chapel Recordings
Alumni
Give Now
Giving Opportunities
Alumni & Advancement
Alumni Association
Connections Magazine
Alumni News & Events
Alumni Directory
Homecoming
Homecoming Review
Alumni Spotlight
Alumni Forms
Athletics
TFC Screaming Eagles
Eagle Club
Home / Campus Life / Title IX / Privacy Policy
TOCCOA FALLS COLLEGE ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
[Updated: July 26, 2016]
Toccoa Falls College, Inc. is committed to confidentiality with information our constituents provide through this site or any other website or online service under the www.tfc.edu domain.
All text, graphics and other content appearing on this site are the property of Toccoa Falls College and may be viewed, copied and printed for personal use. Access to this site is monitored through IP addresses.
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for tfc.edu. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to “tfc.edu” include my.tfc.edu, as well as any other site or online service under the tfc.edu domain.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Toccoa Falls College collects personal information through applications, request more information links, donor connection pages and other forms. The types of personal information we collect includes contact information, identification information, and educational records. Credit card information is used for application fees, tuition payments and other fees applied to a student’s bill.
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website by identifying webpage traffic. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous. This is a helpful tool for us to integrate action items for response rates through analytical data.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
SECURITY
Personal information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
COOKIES
Cookies are used by TFC for the convenience of our users. Cookies automatically authenticate the user. A user can access the TFC Web site with the cookie feature turned off; however, in doing so they may find themselves challenged for username and password information on multiple occasions. TFC also uses cookies to track user’s visits and uses that information to improve the user’s experience.
LINKS
The TFC Web site may contain links to information at other Web sites. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
GENERAL
TFC may amend this policy from time to time. If such amendments affect how TFC uses or discloses personal information already held by TFC in a material way, TFC will obtain consent.
Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be made outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time.
TFC does not sell any personal information. Furthermore, we will not share, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
CONTACT US
For more information on TFC’s privacy policy, please connect with us: marketingdept@tfc.edu
Title IX
Get Help
File a Report
Campus Policy & Confidentiality
Help a Friend/Coworker
Education & Training
Resources