https://thenomrecipes.com/privacy-policy/
Breaking
Wholesale Hydroponics: Tips on Finding Hydroponics Equipment Supplier
How to Refinish a Porcelain Sink
Homemade Ricotta Cheese Recipe
Original Lime Pie Recipe
Awesome Crispy Chicken Fingers Shake Recipe
Creamy Carrot Soup By Foodie Home Chef Recipe
Best Bakeware Sets Reviews
Best Meat Injector Reviews
What to Serve With Pot Roast
Blanco Sinks Reviews
Search
Navigate
Home
Reviews
Recipes
Best Kitchen Sinks Reviews
Privacy Policy
Contact Form
About Us
HomePrivacy Policy
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We understand that online privacy is important to customers and this policy demonstrates our commitment to protecting your privacy and information. If you are choosing to sign up for our newsletter we will collect your name and email address so that we can add you to our mailing list.
Analytics
We collect information using Google Analytics to gain insight and improve functionality to enhance the user experience. Google Analytics collects information about how frequently users visit our site, what pages they visit, as well as other information about online activities. Visit Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy to learn about their ability to use and share this information.
Embedded content from other websites
Information on this site may include embedded content (such as videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content is subject to the privacy policies of the referring site. These websites may collect data, use cookies, track use, and monitor interaction with the embedded content.
Links
We include links to other websites as a courtesy to our viewers to find relevant information. When you visit another site, their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Security
We host our website on a secure server and take reasonable efforts to maintain a secure site. Unfortunately, electronic servers and databases are subject to breaches/errors and we are unable to guarantee that these events will not occur. We will not be held liable for any such occurrences.
Affiliate Disclosure
thenomrecipes.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Disclosure as Required by the F T C
We have made a commitment to do our best to comply with the new FTC guidelines, and regulations concerning Product reviews and customer testimonials. Therefore, we feel it necessary to make the following statements.
The intent and purpose of this site is to provide consumers relevant information and additional resources to help them make informed buying decisions.
Please be advised that this site may generate commission from third-party retailers with the sale of products and/or services
Policy Modifications & Updates
This website may change/amend this Privacy Policy at times to comply with changes in regulations, business needs, service providers, partners, visitors, etc.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Wholesale Hydroponics: Tips on Finding Hydroponics Equipment Supplier
How to Refinish a Porcelain Sink
Homemade Ricotta Cheese Recipe
Original Lime Pie Recipe
Awesome Crispy Chicken Fingers Shake Recipe