http://tolkien.soc.ucam.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Main menu
Home
About the societyMembership
The Captains of Gondor (Committee)
The Laws of the City (Constitution)
The Annals of the Captains
Past Varsity Quiz Results
More About Us
Privacy Policy
ActivitiesEagle DebatesEagle Debate Summaries
Eagle Debate Results
Parlour GamesConsequences Generator
QuizzesQuestion Bank
Quiz Round Types
Online Quizzes
Anor & PublicationsSubmission Guidelines
Anor Online Access
Termcards & EventsPast Termcards
Links
Privacy Policy
How we use your personal information – Cambridge Tolkien Society
This statement explains how the Cambridge Tolkien Society (“we”, “us” and “our”) handles and uses the personal information we collect about our members, and other people on our e-mail lists, for processes relating to our operations and activities.
When changes are made to this statement, we will publish the updated version on our website, and email members.
The controller for your personal information is the Cambridge Tolkien Society. The person responsible for data protection within our society is the Steward, who can be contacted at soc-tolkien-committee@lists.cam.ac.uk, or c/o CUSU, 17 Mill Lane, Cambridge, CB1 1RX.
How we use your personal information
We collect and process your personal information for a number of purposes, including:
•	Maintaining your personal details (e.g. your name and preferred contact details), including ensuring effective communications with you.
•	Ensuring your safety at our events (e.g. dietary requirements for meals).
•	Keeping financial records (e.g. payment of your membership fees).
•	Maintaining a formal record of your activities with us.
•	Undertaking research into our activities.
•	Managing complaints made to us.
•	Managing society alumni relations.
Our normal legal basis for processing your personal information is that we believe it is in our legitimate interests to do so, in order for the society to run effectively and efficiently, and as we only collect and use minimal information for the limited purposes listed here we do not consider that your own interests override ours.
If we use your personal information outside of the purposes listed here, we will seek your consent to do so in advance.
We keep your personal information for as long as we need it.
How we share your personal information
•	Personal information is not normally shared outside of the society and its members.
We share some of your personal information with the University, only where there is a specific need to, including for annual reporting of society officers.
•	We use University IT facilities to store electronic copies of personal information.
We may also be subject to a legal requirement (with or without your consent) to share your personal information with the University or a government agency (such as the police or security services or other statutory authorities with investigatory powers) under special circumstances (e.g. relating to tax, crime or health and safety).
Where feasible and appropriate, we will notify you of our intention to share such information in advance.
Your rights
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you, to delete personal information, or otherwise restrict our processing, or to object to processing or communications, or to receive an electronic copy of the personal information you provided to us. Please note that all of these rights are qualified in various ways.
If you have questions or concerns about how your personal information is used, please contact us using the above details.
If you remain unhappy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF (https://ico.org.uk/).
Last updated: 22 May 2018