http://trilliumcollege.ca/terms/
Toggle navigation
Our Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administration
Business Management
Community & Developmental Service Worker
Community Service Worker
Dental Assistant - Level 1 & 2
Digital Marketing Specialist
Esthetics & Spa Operations
Human Resource Management
Massage Therapy
Medical Office Assistant
Medical Lab Assistant/Technician
Payroll Specialist
Personal Support Worker
Pharmacy Assistant
Supply Chain Management & Logistics
Law & Security
Law Clerk
Video Game Designer
Programs
Health Programs
Esthetics & Spa Operations
Dental Assistant - Level 1 & 2
Massage Therapy
Medical Lab Assistant/Technician
Medical Office Assistant
Personal Support Worker
Pharmacy Assistant
Business Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administration
Business Management
Human Resource Management
Payroll Specialist
Supply Chain Management & Logistics
Technology Programs
Video Game Designer
Digital Marketing Specialist
Social Programs
Community & Developmental Service Worker
Community Service Worker
Law & Security
Law Clerk
Graduate Programs
Human Resource Management
Digital Marketing Specialist
Payroll Specialist
Services
Employment Services
Student Services
Employer Services
Alumni Services
Financial Aid
Admission Process
International Students
About
About
Career Coaches
General Info
Private Versus Public College
Why Choose Trillium College
Oshawa Campus
Niagara Campus
Kingston Campus
Sudbury Campus
Blog
Community
Community
COVID-19 Updates
FAQ
Reviews & Testimonials
Esthetics Services
Dental Clinic
Student Massage
Request Information
855.234.2008
855.234.2008
Request Information
We Have a Plan For Everyone
Programs Starting April 2016
Home / Terms
Terms
Please read and review the following terms of use agreement (the “agreement”) carefully before using the website www.trilliumcollege.ca (the “website”) owned and operated by Trillium College Inc. (“Trillium College” or “we”).
By using this Website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. If you do not agree, please exit and disregard the information contained herein. This Website is controlled and operated by Trillium College from Oshawa Ontario and its content is designed to comply with Canadian laws and regulations. This site and these terms shall be governed by the laws of Ontario and the applicable laws of Canada without reference to principles of conflict of laws. You agree to be bound by such laws.
1. Acceptance.
By using this Website, you agree to be bound by and to comply with this Agreement and acknowledge that this Agreement supersedes any other agreement between you and Trillium College. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Agreement from time to time, as deemed necessary. We will always post notice on the Website of those changes and of the date that they become effective, within the current Agreement. You may view the current applicable version of this Agreement at any time through a link at the bottom of each page of the Website.
2. Scope.
The terms of use set forth in the Agreement apply only to your use of this Website. Your use of certain services on this Website may be governed by additional rules, which are available on the entry page for the relevant service or by hyperlink to other sites. By using any service you are acknowledging that you have reviewed all corresponding rules and agree to be bound by them. Some of the services may have been provided by third parties for your use. Trillium College is not responsible for the content of third party sites or the provision of any services by any third party.
3. Description of the Website. This Website contains information and material about Trillium College and its various educational programs, services and initiatives. This Website is intended to the general public who has reached the college age. Please feel free to browse this Website, as appropriate. Your access to and use of the information contained herein is subject to this Agreement and all applicable laws.
4. Ownership.
Material on this Website, including but not limited to text, images, illustrations, software, audio clips and video clips (the “Content”), is owned or otherwise provided by Trillium College, and Trillium College does not represent or warrant that such material does not infringe the rights of any other person or entity. Trademarks and logos (collectively, “Marks”) displayed on this Website are registered or unregistered Marks of Trillium College or others, are the property of their respective owners, and may not be used without written permission of Trillium College or of the owner of such Marks respectively. It is therefore forbidden to copy, modify, delete, publish, transmit, create derivative works of, display or post, or in any other way exploit or use the Content without the express authorization of each respective owner. However, you may use any information or material contained on this Website purposely made available by Trillium College for downloading or copying, provided that you: • Do not modify this information or remove any copyright, trademark and other intellectual or proprietary rights notices; • Use such information solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes and do not post this information on the Internet, any website, any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; and • Do not make any representations or warranties relating to such information.
5. Representation and use of the Website.
As a user of this Website, you are liable for the accuracy of the information that you provide to Trillium College. Trillium College is pleased to hear from its users and welcomes your feedback regarding its educational programs, services and Website. Should you respond with information including feedback or data such as questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Website (the “Submissions”), such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential, unless you expressly indicate your disagreement in your Submissions. At all times, Trillium College will comply with its legal obligations regarding management of your personal information. Please refer to “Privacy” section below. By sending us a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content in your Submissions, that the content you provide is accurate, and that use of the content in your Submissions does not violate this Agreement and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your Submissions. You agree to indemnify Trillium College against all claims and liabilities arising from your failure to comply with this Agreement. Trillium College does not take any responsibility and assumes no liability for any Submissions sent or posted by you or any other person or entity.
6. Privacy.
Please refer to Trillium College’s Privacy Policy for information on how the company manages and protects your personal information.
7. Third Party Content and Links to Other Websites.
This Website may contain information brought to you by third parties. This Website may also provide links to other Internet websites. Trillium College assumes no responsibility for information provided by third parties or the content of other websites to which Trillium College provides links. Trillium College does not review or control the content of any third party’s website. Trillium College does not endorse and is not responsible for the accuracy, content, practice of standards of any third parties’ sources. Any links to other sites are provided merely as a convenience to the users of this Website. Those Internet websites are governed by their own terms of use.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
Trillium College has taken reasonable measures to ensure that the information contained within this Website is reliable. However, by using this Website, you accept the information and services provided herein “as is”. Trillium College makes no express or implied warranty regarding the accuracy, content, completeness, reliability, operability, or legality of information contained within this Website. Trillium College may not, under any circumstances, be held responsible for any damage directly or indirectly related to the use and to any decision arising from your use of this Website and/or its content. The foregoing disclaimers of representations, warranties and limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted at law and shall survive any termination of this Agreement or your use of this Website.
9. Consequences.
If your violation of this Agreement causes harm to Trillium College or to others, you agree to indemnify and hold Trillium College harmless from and against any and all loss, damage, or expense. If any dispute arises between you and Trillium College regarding this Agreement or your use of this Website, it shall be resolved through good faith negotiations between the parties. If such efforts prove unsuccessful, all such controversies, claims, or disputes shall be submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario. Trillium College reserves the right to restrict a user’s access to the Website, in whole or in part, without prior notice. Trillium College shall not be held responsible for any such restriction.
You may opt-out at any time in the future by contacting us at admissions@trilliumcollege.ca
Need help or more information?
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*Preferred Contact MethodContact MethodNo PreferencePhoneEmailText MessageCampus*CampusSudburyOshawaKingstonNiagaraProgramProgramAccounting & Payroll AdministrationBusiness ManagementCommunity & Developmental Service WorkerCommunity Service WorkerDental Assistant – Level 1 & 2Digital Marketing SpecialistEsthetics & Spa OperationsHuman Resource ManagementLaw & SecurityLaw ClerkMassage TherapyMedical Lab Assistant/TechnicianMedical Office AssistantPayroll SpecialistPersonal Support WorkerPharmacy AssistantSupply Chain Management & LogisticsVideo Game DesignerLegal*
I agree to Trillium College's Terms and Conditions
CAPTCHA
Submit
Book An Appointment With a Career Coach
#Social
/TrilliumCollege
Exciting news! We are now offering the Video Game Designer program at our Sudbury campus. Gaming is about to get extra fun in Nickel City. #TrilliumMoments
Learn more about our Video Game Designer program today: http://ow.ly/SELZ50Bz7gi
https://www.facebook.com/TrilliumCollege/photos/a.209890875716294/3497846140254068/?type=3
@TrilliumCollege
Hey Sudbury, great news! Our Video Game Designer program is now available at our #Sudbury Campus! Interested in learning more? Head over to our website: https://t.co/eG5ZyVY8F9
#TrilliumMoments #VideoGameDesign https://t.co/cgkcVpxPmv
Phone:
1-855-234-2008
Admissions:
info@trilliumcollege.ca
Enquire:
info@trilliumcollege.ca
Oshawa Campus:
Call Now: 905-723-1163
Kingston Campus:
Call Now: 613-531-5138
Niagara Campus:
Call Now: 289-438-1918
Sudbury Campus:
Call Now: 705-479-6541
Privacy Policy
Website by B Media Shop