http://trilliumcollege.ca/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Our Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administration
Business Management
Community & Developmental Service Worker
Community Service Worker
Dental Assistant - Level 1 & 2
Digital Marketing Specialist
Esthetics & Spa Operations
Human Resource Management
Massage Therapy
Medical Office Assistant
Medical Lab Assistant/Technician
Payroll Specialist
Personal Support Worker
Pharmacy Assistant
Supply Chain Management & Logistics
Law & Security
Law Clerk
Video Game Designer
Programs
Health Programs
Esthetics & Spa Operations
Dental Assistant - Level 1 & 2
Massage Therapy
Medical Lab Assistant/Technician
Medical Office Assistant
Personal Support Worker
Pharmacy Assistant
Business Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administration
Business Management
Human Resource Management
Payroll Specialist
Supply Chain Management & Logistics
Technology Programs
Video Game Designer
Digital Marketing Specialist
Social Programs
Community & Developmental Service Worker
Community Service Worker
Law & Security
Law Clerk
Graduate Programs
Human Resource Management
Digital Marketing Specialist
Payroll Specialist
Services
Employment Services
Student Services
Employer Services
Alumni Services
Financial Aid
Admission Process
International Students
About
About
Career Coaches
General Info
Private Versus Public College
Why Choose Trillium College
Oshawa Campus
Niagara Campus
Kingston Campus
Sudbury Campus
Blog
Community
Community
COVID-19 Updates
FAQ
Reviews & Testimonials
Esthetics Services
Dental Clinic
Student Massage
Request Information
855.234.2008
855.234.2008
Request Information
We Have a Plan For Everyone
Programs Starting April 2016
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Trillium College (the “Business” “we” or “us” in this Privacy Policy), operator of the web site at www.trilliumcollege.ca (the “Site”), understand the importance of the privacy of users of the Site, and in particular of protecting their personal information. We have therefore put in place this Privacy Policy in compliance with the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, in order to inform you fully of our privacy practices, and to permit you to contact us with any concerns, questions, or corrections regarding your personal information in our possession.
Accountability
Business has provided this privacy policy for ensuring compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA and Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation. Should you have any questions regarding this policy or concerns with respect to Business’s compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA or Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, you may contact us.
Identifying Purpose of Collection
We collect various personal information from you when you seek our products or services, Information collected may include your:
Full Name
Company Name
Address(es)
Telephone and Facsimile number(s)
Email address(es)
We collect this information in order to permit us to:
Verify your identity,
Permit us to contact you to provide goods and services requested by you,
Provide you with periodic updates regarding the Site and our products and services.
We may also use such information to build a profile of your interests as they relate to the Site or Business, so that we will be able to suggest or provide products or services of interest to you in the future.
We do not collect information which we do not reasonably require in order to fulfill these purposes.
Further, the Site automatically collects certain information every time you visit it:
a) Cookies
A cookie is a small non-executable file that is stored on your hard drive for the purpose of identifying your computer. While it is possible to view and to acquire products and services from the site with your browser’s security settings set to prevent cookies from being used, your online experience may be greatly reduced.
Business uses both session cookies and permanent cookies at Site only after you have created a user account on the platform. Session cookies are active only during the period you are logged on to the Site and are removed when you leave.
Permanent cookies remain on your hard drive until you remove them through your browser’s Internet security settings. Permanent cookies are used to store login information and user preferences, and thus eliminate your having to make the same entries on each visit.
b) Conversion Beacons
Business also uses Conversion Beacons (short bits of HTML computer code) inserted in the source code of designated website pages. These beacons, used with industry standard browser cookie technology and standard html coding, allow us to track analytics to the Site and email flow between you and us. Email recipients who receive a Conversion Beacon enabled email message will receive a small unique cookie that is stored in their browser session, which is later used to connect the email recipient with the subsequent recipient activity on the Site.
Limiting Collection
Business will limit the collection of personal information to that which reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
Research and survey data is reported back to Business as aggregated data with no reference to individual customers.
Customers who do not wish to be contacted for research or survey purposes should contact us.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
We will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected without your consent or as permitted or required by law.
However, we do use the services of third parties to complete certain electronic requests such as sales, newsletter sign-ups along with any other 3rd party widgets, and your personal information may therefore be transmitted to such third parties for such purposes. If your personal data is to be transmitted to another party for processing or storage, we use contractual and other means to ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with PIPEDA.
Your user data will be stored by Trillium College.
Your personal information is retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, unless the law requires longer retention.
Accuracy
In order to maintain the highest levels of accuracy regarding your personal information, to the extent possible we permit you to enter such information into our systems yourself. In some instances, however, we are required to enter such information, for instance upon speaking to you over the phone or some other type of communication (provided by you or otherwise).
Safeguards
While in our possession (or the possession of any entity engaged by us to house or store it) and regardless of the format in which it is held, your personal information is protected against theft, loss and/or unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Some personal information entered by you into our systems may be encrypted as it travels over the Internet. Depending on your web browser you may see a secure webpage indicator, for example a closed lock in the lower right hand corner of your browser. We may use the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to encrypt some personal information as it travels from your computer to our systems.
Privacy at a Private Career College
Private career colleges (PCCs) must be registered under the Private Career Colleges Act, 2005, in Ontario which is administered by the Superintendent of Private Career Colleges.  The Act protects students by requiring PCCs to follow specific rules on, for example, fee refunds, training completions if the PCC closes, qualifications of instructors, access to transcripts and advertising. It also requires PCCs to publish and meet certain performance objectives that may be required by the Superintendent for their vocational programs. This information may be used by other students when they are deciding where to obtain their training.  Anyone accessing this site who is a student or prospective student are or would become aware that under the Trillium College confidentiality of  Students Records policy, the disclosure and collection of personal information without consent would be considered an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy. This policy is informed by the Private Career Colleges Act itself which has a section in it related to personal information. The section of the act reads as follows:
Personal information
(9) A private career college shall take reasonable steps to ensure that information provided to the Superintendent pursuant to subsection (8) does not disclose personal information within the meaning of section 38 of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.  2016, c. 2, Sched. 5, s. 1.
Should someone become a student, they would consent at contract signing that Trillium College may disclose personal information relating to their general academic performance at Trillium College; performance on examinations or other evaluation methods; courses taken at Trillium College; disciplinary matters relating to performance and behaviour at Trillium College and graduation status. This may be released to verified prospective employers, government agencies and to financial sponsors. Information related to a student’s employment may also be collected by Trillium College after graduation. Student consent is active for 5 years after signing a contract but may be revoked at any time should the student file a motive in writing to Trillium College directly.
Openness
Business’s privacy practices are as outlined within this policy. If you have any questions or comments, please contact us.
Individual Access
With certain limited exceptions as provided in the PIPEDA you have a right to access your personal information held by the Business. You may access your personal information by contacting us.
Challenging Compliance
If you have any concerns regarding Business’s compliance with the 10 principles of the PIPEDA or Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation you may address those concerns to us. Complaints concerning Business’s compliance with PIPEDA are taken seriously and all complaints are investigated.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Business reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy we will notify you on our homepage and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Need help or more information?
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Phone*Preferred Contact MethodContact MethodNo PreferencePhoneEmailText MessageCampus*CampusSudburyOshawaKingstonNiagaraProgramProgramAccounting & Payroll AdministrationBusiness ManagementCommunity & Developmental Service WorkerCommunity Service WorkerDental Assistant – Level 1 & 2Digital Marketing SpecialistEsthetics & Spa OperationsHuman Resource ManagementLaw & SecurityLaw ClerkMassage TherapyMedical Lab Assistant/TechnicianMedical Office AssistantPayroll SpecialistPersonal Support WorkerPharmacy AssistantSupply Chain Management & LogisticsVideo Game DesignerLegal*
I agree to Trillium College's Terms and Conditions
CAPTCHA
Submit
Book An Appointment With a Career Coach
#Social
/TrilliumCollege
Exciting news! We are now offering the Video Game Designer program at our Sudbury campus. Gaming is about to get extra fun in Nickel City. #TrilliumMoments
Learn more about our Video Game Designer program today: http://ow.ly/SELZ50Bz7gi
https://www.facebook.com/TrilliumCollege/photos/a.209890875716294/3497846140254068/?type=3
@TrilliumCollege
Hey Sudbury, great news! Our Video Game Designer program is now available at our #Sudbury Campus! Interested in learning more? Head over to our website: https://t.co/eG5ZyVY8F9
#TrilliumMoments #VideoGameDesign https://t.co/cgkcVpxPmv
Phone:
1-855-234-2008
Admissions:
info@trilliumcollege.ca
Enquire:
info@trilliumcollege.ca
Oshawa Campus:
Call Now: 905-723-1163
Kingston Campus:
Call Now: 613-531-5138
Niagara Campus:
Call Now: 289-438-1918
Sudbury Campus:
Call Now: 705-479-6541
Privacy Policy
Website by B Media Shop