http://tsf.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We value the privacy of our donors and never sell, share, or trade your personal information.
LEGAL NOTICE
Terms of Service
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. YOUR USE OF OUR SITE OR YOUR PROVISION TO US OF ANY CONTENT OR PERSONAL INFORMATION CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY,” WHICH ARE PART OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN), ALL AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME. DO NOT USE THIS SITE OR PROVIDE CONTENT OR PERSONAL INFORMATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OR IF YOUR JURISDICTION WILL NOT HONOR THEM.
DATE OF LAST REVISION: June 14, 2013
Welcome to The Steppingstone Foundation website (the “Site”). These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) are an agreement between The Steppingstone Foundation (the “Foundation”) and you and govern your access to and use of the Site and all information on or submitted through it. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms. If you are using this Site on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf, and that such entity agrees to indemnify you and the Foundation for violations of these Terms. For purposes of these Terms and the Privacy Policy, references to “you” means both the individual accessing or using the website and any entity or individual employer or principal for whom you act as an agent. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, do not use this website.
This website is owned and operated by the Foundation. Whenever these Terms refer to “we,” “our,” or “us,” we are referring to the Foundation. We reserve the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions to this website. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Therefore, you should review the Terms and applicable policies from time to time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the website. If you do not agree to the amended terms, then you must stop using this website.
You are required to comply with, and to ensure compliance with, all laws, ordinances and regulations applicable to your activities on the Site.
The Foundation shall, under no circumstances, be liable for any access to, use of, or reliance on the Site or content accessed through the Site by you or anyone else. This limitation of liability applies regardless of whether such access, use, or reliance was authorized or unauthorized.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Foundation from and against any and all losses, damage, liability and costs incurred in connection with any claim, damage or loss related to or arising out of: your use of the Site, any assistance or services provided by us or third parties, any alleged unauthorized use of the Site, or any breach or alleged breach by you of these Terms. You agree to fully cooperate in the defense of any of the foregoing. We reserve the right to control exclusively, at our expense, the defense of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. If your obligation to indemnify is limited due to the requirements of federal, state or local laws, you shall be responsible for the negligent acts and omissions of your agents and employees causing harm to third parties or persons not a party to these Terms.
Any and all claims, causes of action or disputes between you and the Foundation arising out of or related to the Terms, the Privacy Policy, or content accessed through the Site shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to conflict or choice of law principles. You and the Foundation hereby agree that any such claims, causes of action or disputes shall be brought exclusively in courts located within the county of [Suffolk, Massachusetts] . If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, all other provisions of the Terms shall remain in full force and effect.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy generally explains how the Site collects personally identifying information and how the Foundation uses and discloses that personal information. This Policy applies to information that personally identifies you and that is not publicly available (“personal information”) collected on the Site.
USE OF THIS SITE OR PROVISION OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY. DO NOT USE THIS SITE OR PROVIDE INFORMATION IF YOU (AND YOUR PRINCIPAL IF YOU ARE ACTING AS AN AGENT) DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF USE INCLUDING THIS POLICY.
Third-Party Links
The Terms and the Privacy Policy apply only to the Site. The Site may contain links to third-party websites on the Internet (“Third Party Sites”), and such Third Party Sites have their own terms and privacy policies for which the Foundation is not responsible and about which the Foundation makes no representation. Your use of all Third Party Sites is at your own risk. It is your sole responsibility to evaluate the content and usefulness of the information obtained from Third Party Sites. .
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
The Foundation is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of our donors’ personal information. Personal information collected through the Site will not be released to third parties except to third parties who provide services to the Foundation and to the Foundation’s non-profit partners, in each case for purposes that are in furtherance of the Foundation’s mission, or as required by law.
TSF Site Usage Information
The Foundation automatically collects some information from you through your use of the Site, including but not limited to log files, cookies, Internet tags, and web beacons. This information will be used to (a) monitor the operation, technical functions and quality of the Site, (b) compile general statistics regarding use of the Site, and (c) analyze demographic information about the Site’s users. We may also use such information for research or improvements of the Site and the services we offer you.
Information Collected by Third Parties on the Site
In order to enable visitors to make secure donations to the Foundation, we have retained the services of Network For Good. When you make an online donation, you may be asked to provide certain contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) and billing information (such as your credit card number and expiration date) in order to enable your gift to be processed and a confirmation to be provided to you. Steppingstone will not have access to the complete credit card information you enter. Network for Good has contracted with the Foundation to use such information obtained from the Site solely for the purpose of processing the transaction and permitting you to access your transaction details. Network for Good’s privacy and security policies are available on its website. We encourage you to read Network for Good’s privacy and security policies so that you understand how it will use, protect, and disseminate the information you submit during an online donation to the Foundation.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about the Foundation’s Privacy Policy, please contact:
The Steppingstone Foundation
One Appleton Street, 4th Floor
Boston, MA 02116
Phone: 617-423-6300
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Because we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the features and services we provide, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. Amendments to this Privacy Policy may be made at any time and will be effective immediately upon the Privacy Policy being posted to the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the posting of an amended Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of it. For that reason, we encourage you to periodically review the Foundation’s Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy