http://tsu-alumni.org/terms-of-use
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association
TSUNAA
Contact us on
About Us
President's Welcome
TSUNAA History
Past Presidents
Elected & Appointed Officers
Committees
Membership
National Programs
Nominating
Publication
Strategic Planning
Scholarship Program
Connect
Chapters
Chapter Presidents
Active Chapters
Events
Mentors
20.21 Student Mentor Program
Gallery
TSU 40 Under Forty Honorees
Recent Graduates Spotlight
TSU Frontline Spotlight
Donor Wall
Directory
By Search
By Map
By Regions
Dues
3 N 1 Program
PAYPAL
Square
More
TSU Website
TSU Athletics
TSU Bookstore
TSU Library Special Collection
TSU Meter
Convention 2020
COVID-19 Alumni Resources
Alumni | Student Advocate
Login
Menu
Terms of Use
Last updated: [June 1, 2018]
By using the Tennessee State University National Alumni Association alumni website you agree to be bound by the
following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use"). This agreement is personal to you; it cannot be
assigned or transferred. If any provision of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Your Acceptance
By using and/or visiting the Tennessee State University National Alumni Association alumni Website
you signify your agreement to:
These terms and conditions (the "Terms of Use"); and
The Tennessee State University National Alumni Association privacy policy, which is incorporated here by reference.
If you do not agree to any of these terms, or the privacy policy, please do not use this
Website. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
Website
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Website, including users who
are contributors of content and other materials or services on the Website. The term Website
shall be understood to include all aspects and services of the Tennessee State University National Alumni Association
alumni Website, including but not limited to all products, software and services offered via any
website such as the blogs, groups, clubs, directories, discussion boards, job boards, mentor
platforms, messaging, social and professional networking, photo and video uploading, commenting,
mailing lists, and other applications.
The Website electronically publishes news and information that may include
facts, views, opinions and recommendations of individuals and organizations deemed of interest
to alumni. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association does not review, monitor, verify or guarantee the
accuracy, completeness or timeliness of or otherwise endorse information provided by any
organization or individual, give advice or advocate the purchase or sale of any product or
service not directly offered by Tennessee State University National Alumni Association or its affiliates.
The Website may include unmoderated forums containing the personal
opinions and other expressions of the persons who post entries on a wide range of topics. The
text and other materials on these Website are the opinion of the specific author and are not
statements of advice, opinion, or information of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association.
The Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned
by, affiliated with or controlled
by Tennessee State University National Alumni Association. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association has no control over, and assumes
no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites
not directly affiliated with Tennessee State University National Alumni Association. In addition, the Website will not
and cannot censor or edit the content of any non-affiliated third-party site. By using the
Website, you expressly release Tennessee State University National Alumni Association from any and all liability arising
from your use of any third-party website.
Your Account
In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create
an account. By creating an account you agree to these Terms of Use and thereby agree to use of
the Website in a manner consistent with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance
with the terms and conditions set out in the policies and guidelines outlined here. Please note
that you will be referred to as "User" from time to time in this Agreement. You may never use
another's account. Your User account may not be shared, transferred, or sold to other parties.
When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely
responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account
password secure. You must notify Tennessee State University National Alumni Association immediately of any breach of
security or unauthorized use of your account. Although Tennessee State University National Alumni Association will not be
liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the
losses of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association or others due to such unauthorized use.
Rules for Online Conduct
You agree to use the Website in accordance with all applicable laws.
Because Tennessee State University National Alumni Association is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization, you agree that
you will not use the Website for organized partisan political activities or commercial
purposes. You further agree that you will use all of the services or information provided on
the Website in accordance with the rules of conduct set forth below. This includes interactions
with other users by email, web post, postal mail, or phone.
Prohibited conduct:
Posting content that defames or threatens others
Posting statements that are bigoted, hateful or racially offensive
Posting content that infringes another's intellectual property, including, but not limited
to, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets. When quoting copyrighted material, please
adhere to the Electronic Frontier Foundation's Fair Use Guidelines
Posting material that contains obscene language or images
Advertising or any form of commercial solicitation
Statements or postings that violate the above terms will be deleted from
the Website upon discovery. Copyrighted material, including without limitation software,
graphics, text, photographs, sound, video and musical recordings, may not be placed on the
Website without the express permission of the owner of the copyright of the material, or other
legal entitlement to use the material. Any person posting material protected by copyright for
the benefit of any third-party represents and warrants consent or permission has been obtained
to post such materials. Although Tennessee State University National Alumni Association does not screen or monitor
content posted by users to the Website, Tennessee State University National Alumni Association reserves the right to
remove content that violates the above rules of which it becomes aware.
You may not attempt to use or distribute tools designed for compromising
security or take any action to compromise the security of this site. Examples of these tools
include but are not limited to password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing
tools. You may not "flood" or disrupt the Website through any means or process.
You may not copy, scrape, download, export or otherwise capture any data
obtained in the Website, e.g., the alumni directory, and/or store it outside of the system,
e.g., in a separate spreadsheet, email list, database or other external repository without the
permission of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association may grant permission
by configuring User accounts to allow such activities.
You agree that you will not access or attempt to access any other user's
account, or misrepresent or attempt to misrepresent your identity while using the Website.
Online Communication Services
Communication services provided through the Website, such as the directory, online communities,
discussion boards, blogs, messaging, social and professional networking, and other services in
the future, are a part of the Website designed for communication between
Users. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association will not monitor these communications, but reserves the
right to take action against any User who defames or harasses another User through any of the
services offered through the Website, if it comes to Tennessee State University National Alumni Association's
attention.
Online Alumni Communities
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association provides a platform on which alumni can
create and join online alumni communities based on shared interests or experiences. Participants
in online alumni communities may not represent or imply that their opinions represent those
of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association reserves the right to remove all
or any portion of an online alumni community’s information from the platform at any time and
at Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s sole discretion. All online alumni community participants and
organizers agree not to post or facilitate the posting of any material in violation of these
Terms of Use. Online alumni community participants and organizers also agree to provide
reasonable assistance at the request of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association and its representatives to
address any violations of this policy as determined by Tennessee State University National Alumni Association.
Participants and organizers also agree not to use the online alumni community for any activity
that violates any federal, state or local law.
Disclaimer of Warranty / Limitation of Liability
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association does not warrant that the Website will
operate in an uninterrupted or error-free manner or that the Website is free of viruses or other
harmful components. Use of information obtained from or through these Website is at your own
risk.
YOU AGREE THAT Tennessee State University National Alumni Association WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES, EITHER ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS
OF USE, OR TO YOUR (OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S) USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, OR TO YOUR
PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE, OR TO YOUR RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR
THROUGH THE WEBSITE. IN PARTICULAR, Tennessee State University National Alumni Association WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR
UNFORESEEABLE, (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLAIMS FOR DEFAMATION, ERRORS, MISUSE OF EMAIL OR
OTHER SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, OR INTERRUPTION IN AVAILABILITY OF DATA), ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THESE TERMS, YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE A WEBSITE, OR ANY PURCHASES ON THE
WEBSITE, OR YOUR PLACEMENT OF CONTENT ON A WEBSITE, OR YOUR RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED
FROM OR THROUGH A WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTORY OR OTHER LAW, EXCEPT ONLY
TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES SUCH LIABILITY.
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association makes no representation regarding your
ability to transmit and receive information from or through the Website and you agree and
acknowledge that your ability to access the Website may be
impaired. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association disclaims any and all liability resulting from or
related to such events.
Choice of Law/Forum Selection
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute
or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes
or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State
of California without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these
Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United
States or the courts of the State of California located in the county of San Francisco. You
waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to
venue in such courts.
Notice
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association reserves the right to update this Terms of
Use from time to time. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association will notify you of any changes and/or
modifications by updating the “Last Modified” date on this page, sending an electronic
communication detailing the changes, posting a notification on the Services, or as required by
law. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the update
on Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s Services. You are encouraged to periodically review these
Terms of Use to stay informed of updates. Your continued use of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s
Services after receipt of such revised Terms of Use will be deemed an acceptance of the
changes.
Termination of Service
User may terminate this Agreement by cancelling his or her account. To do
this the user must contact Tennessee State University National Alumni Association through phone or mail as listed
below.
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association may terminate your account or access rights
to the Website at any time, without notice, for conduct that Tennessee State University National Alumni Association
believes violates this Agreement or other policies or guidelines
that Tennessee State University National Alumni Association has posted. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association may terminate your
account or your access rights to the Website for online conduct
that Tennessee State University National Alumni Association believes is harmful to other Users,
to Tennessee State University National Alumni Association's business, or to other information providers.
Trademarks
The logo, name and all graphics on the Website or its affiliates are
trademarks of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association or its affiliates. You must not use, reproduce,
copy, or redistribute such marks without the prior written permission
of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association or its affiliates. All other trademarks or service marks
appearing on the Website are the marks of their respective owners.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Tennessee State University National Alumni Association, its
trustees, officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, losses or damages, including
legal fees, resulting from your violation of these Terms of Use, your use of the Website or your
placement of any content onto the Website, and to fully cooperate
in Tennessee State University National Alumni Association's defense against any such claims.
Copyright License & Complaints
Owners of posted materials grants Tennessee State University National Alumni Association a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to reproduce and distribute any content posted on
the Website.
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association respects the intellectual property rights of
others and complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). If you believe your
copyright has been violated on the Website, please provide the following information:
The name, address, and physical or electronic signature of the complaining party
Identification of the infringing materials and their Internet location, or if the service
provider is an "information location tool" such as a search engine, the reference or link to
the infringing materials
Sufficient information to identify the copyrighted works
A statement by the copyright holder of a good faith belief that there is no legal basis for
the use complained of
A statement of the accuracy of the notice and, under penalty of perjury, that the
complaining party is authorized to act on the behalf of the copyright holder
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire
agreement between you and Tennessee State University National Alumni Association with respect to the Website and
supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and
warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Terms of Use, contact us at:
info@tsualumnionline.org
Connect
Volunteer
Mentors
TSU Alumni - Student Mentoring
Events
Holiday Pajama Party
Executive Board Briefing - Public 101720
National Virtual Convention Registration
Contact
info@tsualumnionline.org
TSUNAA - Campus Office Hours (6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Monday thru Thursday) (615) 963-5885 TSUNAA - Virtual Office Hours (12:00 noon to 5 p.m. Monday thru Thursday) (601) 228-2866
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2020
Alumni management software provided by
Feedback
Send
Your feedback has been submitted. Thanks!