http://tsu-alumni.org/privacy-policy
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association
TSUNAA
Contact us on
About Us
President's Welcome
TSUNAA History
Past Presidents
Elected & Appointed Officers
Committees
Membership
National Programs
Nominating
Publication
Strategic Planning
Scholarship Program
Connect
Chapters
Chapter Presidents
Active Chapters
Events
Mentors
20.21 Student Mentor Program
Gallery
TSU 40 Under Forty Honorees
Recent Graduates Spotlight
TSU Frontline Spotlight
Donor Wall
Directory
By Search
By Map
By Regions
Dues
3 N 1 Program
PAYPAL
Square
More
TSU Website
TSU Athletics
TSU Bookstore
TSU Library Special Collection
TSU Meter
Convention 2020
COVID-19 Alumni Resources
Alumni | Student Advocate
Login
Menu
Privacy Policy
Last updated: [June 1, 2018]
I. Introduction
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed
to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the types of information we may collect from you
or that you may provide when you use Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s website, services, and application
(collectively “Services”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and
disclosing that information. This Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party,
including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible
from or on Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s Services.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your
information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice
is not to use our Services. By accessing or using Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s Services, you agree to
this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). You will be
provided notice of this change, and continuing to use the Services after receiving notice will
constitute acceptance of the changes.
II. Terms
Information We Collect About You.
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association' collects several types of information. Such information is
utilized in providing an efficient and effective experience to all users. When we provide the
Services to you, your data is stored on our computers and servers. In some cases, the data may
be accessible to people involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales,
marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical
service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies)
appointed, as necessary, as Data Processors by us. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association collects the
following information:
Personal Information, which includes information through which you may be personally
identified, such as name, postal addresses, email addresses, IP address, social media
website user account names, telephone numbers, companies you may be associated with,
education, employment history, or other addresses at which you receive communications from
or on behalf of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association ("Personal Information");
Non-Personal Information, which includes information that alone cannot be used to identify
or contact you. Such Non-Personal Information may include, but is not limited to; browser
information and details; operating system information; mobile device information; pages
accessed; times of visit; and referring websites, applications, or services, including the
relevant search queries that led you to our Services (“Non-Personal Information”);
Collectively, Personal Information and Non-Personal Information shall be referred to as
“Information.”
Method of Collecting Information.
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association collects Information in two ways: (1) Information you provide
directly; and (2) Information we receive from your use of our Services.
Information is collected when you:
Send Tennessee State University National Alumni Association any electronic communication (including via email
or any other application);
Enter contests run by us from time-to-time;
Create a user account;
Connect other online accounts with your Tennessee State University National Alumni Association account, such
as Facebook or LinkedIn;
Submit online applications and forms to Tennessee State University National Alumni Association; and
Subscribe to newsletters.
If you use a social media platform or your
mobile device (or other methods of communication) to interact with Tennessee State University National Alumni Association,
the communication method or application may have a specific and independent privacy policy that
governs the use of Personal Information.
Information Automatically Collected.
When you use our Services, we may collect certain information as described below to improve our
Services, troubleshoot bugs, provide the Services, manage the Services, track usage, and provide
content for referring traffic sources. Such information may include: IP address; profile
information; aggregate user data; preferences; technical session information; browser type;
information about your computer, hardware, software, or mobile device, including a device
identifier; demographic information including zip code; and navigational data including log
files, server logs, clickstream data, and language preference. User IP addresses are recorded
for security and monitoring and for providing services. If you arrived at our website via a link
from another webpage, we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information
about your visit to our site. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us
develop the design of the site, and to improve the content of our website to better match the
interests of our website users. We may combine this automatically collected and other
Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, in which case we will treat the combined
information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information.
We use Information collected about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal
Information, to:
Operate and improve our website and Services;
Provide Services to you;
Track and analyze your use of our Services;
Provide customer support, including support to our vendors or business partners;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you
about Tennessee State University National Alumni Association, our merchants, and our business partners, such as news,
offers and coupons, announcements, and other relevant materials;
Send you reminders, notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages,
service bulletins, or marketing materials;
Administer contests or any promotional activities or events sponsored by us;
Manage our everyday business needs, such as website administration, fulfillment of orders,
analytics, fraud detection and prevention, compliance with the law or reporting obligation,
or enforcement of our Terms of Service; and
Aggregate anonymous data from our Services used to benchmark, analyze, and improve the
Services.
If you do not want to be on our mailing list,
you can opt out anytime by sending an email to info@tsualumnionline.org or
clicking on the "unsubscribe" button on our communications. From time to time, we may use your
Personal Information to send important notices to you regarding material changes to our terms,
conditions, and policies or purchased services which you may not opt out of receiving.
Disclosure of Your Information.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:
To our service providers, which provide services for us including but not limited to sending
emails on our behalf, processing payments, providing analytics services and helping us
provide services as requested by users. Our service providers are bound by law or contract
to protect Personal Information and are only allowed to use Personal Information in
accordance with the terms of our service agreements with them. We do NOT share, sell, rent,
or trade Personal Information with third parties for their own promotional purposes, and we
will only share Personal Information as outlined herein or with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information: (1) To comply with any court order, law, or
legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (2) To enforce
or apply our Terms of Services and other agreements, including for billing and collection
purposes; and (3) If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
rights, property, or safety of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association, our customers, or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of
fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You have the right to know whether your Personal Information has been stored and can consult
with Tennessee State University National Alumni Association about any Personal Information to verify the accuracy of such
Information and receive a copy thereof. You have the right to have the Information supplemented,
erased, updated, or corrected. For its transformation into anonymous format or to block any data
held in violation of the law, requests should be sent to us by email at
info@tsualumnionline.org. We will retain your information for as long as your
account is active or as needed to provide you Services, conduct our internal operations, and to
maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. All Information will
also be retained and used, as necessary, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
and enforce our agreements.
Data Security.The security of
your Personal Information is important to Tennessee State University National Alumni Association. We have implemented
reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures designed to secure and
protect your Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and
disclosure. HOWEVER, as the transmission of information via the internet is not completely
secure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to our Services. Any
transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk.
Children’s Personal Information.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16. If
you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Information
about yourself to us. Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to monitor the activities of
their wards in this regard. If we learn that we have collected Information from a child under
age 16, we will delete that Information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child
under 16 may have provided us Information, please contact us at
info@tsualumnionline.org.
"Do Not Track" Disclosures.“Do
Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet
finalized, Tennessee State University National Alumni Association adheres to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy
and does not monitor or respond to Do Not Track browser requests.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Tennessee State University National Alumni Association reserves the right to update this Policy from time to
time. Tennessee State University National Alumni Association will notify you of any changes and/or modifications to the
Policy by updating the “Last Modified” date on this Policy, sending an electronic communication
detailing the changes, posting a notification on the Services, or as required by law. Any
changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Policy
on Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s Services. You are encouraged to periodically review this
Policy to stay informed of updates. Your continued use of Tennessee State University National Alumni Association’s
Services after receipt of such revised Policy will be deemed an acceptance of the revised
Policy.
II. Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact
us at:
info@tsualumnionline.org
Connect
Volunteer
Mentors
TSU Alumni - Student Mentoring
Events
Holiday Pajama Party
Executive Board Briefing - Public 101720
National Virtual Convention Registration
Contact
info@tsualumnionline.org
TSUNAA - Campus Office Hours (6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Monday thru Thursday) (615) 963-5885 TSUNAA - Virtual Office Hours (12:00 noon to 5 p.m. Monday thru Thursday) (601) 228-2866
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2020
Alumni management software provided by
Feedback
Send
Your feedback has been submitted. Thanks!