https://twin-cities.umn.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Close search area
Search input text area
Search
Common Search Terms
Housing
Libraries
Bookstore
Tuition Cost
Academic Calendar
Main navigation
Academics & Admissions
Student Life
Research
Health Sciences
Gopher Athletics
News & Events
About Us
Task List
MyU
One Stop
Jobs
COVID-19: Fall 2020
Main navigation
Academics & Admissions
Student Life
Research
Health Sciences
Gopher Athletics
News & Events
About Us
COVID-19: We’re committed to keeping students, staff, and faculty safe.Find updates on operations, resources, and stories.
Fall 2020 Updates COVID-19 NewsClose this banner
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Websites
The University of Minnesota respects the privacy of website visitors to the extent permitted by law. The online privacy statement is intended to inform you of what information is collected by this website and how the information is used. This is the standard University of Minnesota Online Privacy Statement.
Please note that other University of Minnesota websites may adopt different privacy practices as their specific needs require.
Your use of websites is subject to the privacy statement of the providers of those websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statement on each website you visit. Often you can tell you are leaving a University website by looking at the URL of the destination site.
If you have questions about this site’s collection of information or its online privacy statement, contact the site administrator.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
For security purposes and to ensure that the website remains available to all visitors, the University uses software to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
The University collects non-personal information about your Internet connection on this website, including but not limited to:
the Internet Protocol (IP) and the name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet
the IP address or URL of the website from which you directly linked to this website
the date and time you accessed this website
the pages visited on this website
the browser and operating system you used to access this website
the search terms used on our search engines
The University uses this non-personal information to help manage the website and improve service.
Some University websites use Google Analytics to gather statistics about web traffic. For more information, read Google Analytics' privacy policy.
Personally Identifiable Information
Our data gathering and dissemination are governed by state and federal laws, including the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act, Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 13. Personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law.
This website does not collect any personally identifiable information.
Notification
Cookies or tracking pixels are used for various purposes within websites to gather information and facilitate navigation. The twin-cities.umn.edu site uses cookies or tracking pixels for re-marketing.
Effective: November 2017
University of Minnesota, Twin Cities
FB
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Tumblr