https://twu.edu/privacy/
skip to main content
Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Visitors
Parents & Familia
Campuses
Denton
Dallas
Houston
Libraries  A-Z Index  Directories
Search
In this section
Privacy PolicyAccessibility PolicyCompact with TexansTWU Nondiscrimination Statement
You are here
TWU Home
University PolicyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Statement on the Collection and Use of Information Gathered from the General Public
The Office of Technology at Texas Woman’s University maintains the Texas Woman’s University website as a public service. The following statement applies only to members of the general public and is intended to address concerns about the types of information gathered from the public and how that information is used. Since Texas Woman’s University is a public institution, the information collected by our web servers may be subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act (Chapter 552 of the Texas Government Code).
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Logs and Network MonitoringTexas Woman’s University maintains log files of all access to its site and also monitors network traffic for the purposes of site management and security. This information is used to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks. Log analysis tools are also used to create summary statistics to determine which information is of most interest to users, to identify system problem areas, or to help determine technical requirements. The following information is collected in these files:
Hostname: the hostname, site name, username, and IP address of the computer requesting access to the site
User-Agent: the type of browser, its version, and the operating system of the computer requesting access
Referrer: the Web page the user came from
System date: the date and time on the server at the time of access
Full request: the exact request the user made
Status: the status code the server returned, e.g., fulfilled request, file not found
Content length: the size, in bytes, of the file sent to the user
Method: the request method used by the browser (e.g., post, get)
Universal Resource Identifier (URI): the location of the particular resource requested. (More commonly known as a URL.)
Query string of the URI: anything after a question mark in a URI. For example, if a keyword search has been requested, the search word will appear in the query string.
Protocol: the technical protocol and version used, i.e., http 1.0, ftp, etc.
CookiesA "cookie" is a small file containing information that is placed on a user’s computer by a web server. Typically, these files are used to enhance the user's experience of the site, to help users move between pages in a database, or to customize information for a user. Texas Woman’s University servers do not store personally identifiable information in cookies from pages intended for use by the general public. Information stored in cookies by Texas Woman’s University web servers is used for internal purposes only. It is not used in any way that would disclose personally identifiable information to outside parties unless System Administration is legally required to do so.
The above information is not used in any way that would reveal personally identifying information to outside parties unless Texas Woman’s University is legally required to do so. Web server logs are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Texas State Library and Archives Commission.
Information Collected by Email and FormsTexas Woman’s University collects the email address of those individuals who communicate with us via email or who give us their email address. Texas Woman’s University collects information that is voluntarily provided by those individuals who communicate with us via email or who submit forms on our web site.
If a member of the general public sends Texas Woman’s University an email message or fills out a web-based form with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, that information will only be used for the purposes for which the form is intended, to respond to the question or comment, and to analyze trends. The message or form may be redirected to another government agency or person who is better able to respond to the question or comment. Texas Woman’s University does not market such information. Texas Woman’s University does not use such information in any way that would reveal personally identifying information to outside parties unless we are legally required to do so.
Notice About Information Laws and PracticesWith few exceptions, you are entitled on your request to be informed about the information Texas Woman’s University collects about you. Under Sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to receive and review the information. Under Section 559.004 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to have Texas Woman’s University correct information about you that is held by us and that is incorrect. The information that Texas Woman’s University collects will be retained and maintained as required by Texas records retention laws (Section 441.180 et seq. of the Texas Government Code) and rules. Different types of information are kept for different periods of time.
LinksThis site contains links to other sites outside of Texas Woman’s University. Texas Woman’s University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect from loss, misuse and alteration of the information under the control of Texas Woman’s University.
If you questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or dealings with this website, contact webteam@twu.edu.
Page last updated 3:20 PM, May 31, 2018
Contact TWU
Denton Campus304 Administration Dr P.O. Box 425589Denton, TX 76204(Denton Campus Google Map)940.TWU.2000(940.898.2000)
Institute of Health Sciences-Houston Center 6700 Fannin StHouston, TX 77030(Houston Center Google Map)713.794.2000
T. Boone Pickens Institute of Health Sciences-Dallas Center5500 Southwestern Medical Ave.Dallas, TX 75235-7299(Dallas Center Google Map)214.689.6500214.689.6583 fax