https://ucclermont.edu/academics/academic-departments/business-law/blt-programs/paralegal/program-information.html
Skip to main content
UC Clermont
»
Academics
»
Academic Departments
»
Business, Law & Technology
»
Degrees
»
Paralegal Studies
»
Program Overview
Set Navigation title in component
Academic Departments
Business, Law & Technology
Degrees
Paralegal Studies
Program Overview
Course Guide
FAQs
Program Goals
Paralegal News
Success Stories
Course Transfer Policy
Student Organization
Paralegal Program Information
Accounting Technology (Online)
Accounting Technology (Distance Learning)
Business Information Technology (DIstance Learning)
Business Management Technology
Business Technology: One-Year Option
Criminal Justice
Law Enforcement
Law Enforcement with Police Academy
Digital Media
Financial Management Technology
Health Information Systems Technology (Distance Learning)
Program Information
Employment Opportunities for Graduates
FAQs
Health Information Systems Technology Faculty
Health Information Systems (Online) Program Details
Healthcare Management
Information Technology
Information Technology: One-Year Option
Marketing Management Technology
Pre-Business Administration
Pre-Sport Administration
Services Technology Criminal Justice: One-Year Option
Supply Chain Management Technology
Certificates
Certificate of Accounting Technology
Certficate in Cancer Registry Management
Certificate in Healthcare Privacy and Security
Certificate in Information Technology
Certificate in Medical Biller/Coder
Certificate in Paralegal Studies
Baccalaureate Certificate in Paralegal Studies
Certificate in Physician Practice Management
Certificate in Software Productivity II
Certificate in Medical Biller/Coder
Certificate in Cancer Registry Management
Department Faculty
General Education
EI3 Conference
Real Estate
English, Languages & Fine Arts
Certificates
Certificate in Writing
Degrees
English Literature
Exploratory Studies
Liberal Arts
Individual Studies
Department Faculty
General Education
East Fork Journal
UC Composition Writing Contest
Math, Computers, Geology & Physics
Degrees
Aviation Technology
Buidling & Industrial Technology: One-Year Option
Pre-Engineering
Applied Administration: Manufacturing Technology
Manufacturing Engineering Technology
Department Faculty
General Education
Science & Health
Certificates
Medical Assisting
Degrees
Biological Sciences
Chemistry
Emergency Medical Services
Environmental Studies
Health & Allied Health Tech: One-Year Option
Health and Allied Health Technology: Patient Care
Associates in Technical Studies with a subplan in Health Care Professional
Physical Therapist Assistant
Clinical Education Program
Feedback
Physical Therapist Assistant Testimonials
Physical Therapist Assistant Faculty Profiles
Program FAQs
Program Outcomes
Costs
Program Information
Pre-Communication Sciences and Disorders
Pre-Health Sciences
Pre-Medical Laboratory Sciences
Pre-Mortuary Science
Pre-Nursing
Pre-Pharmacy
Public Health
Respiratory Care
Helpful Links
Respiratory Care Faculty
Costs
Program Achievements
Respiratory Care Program Details
Social Work
Surgical Technology
Surgical Technology Program Details
Costs
Department Faculty
General Education
Science & Health Safety Manuals
Social Sciences
Certificates
Certificate in Pre-Art Therapy
Degrees
History
Psychology
Services Technology Education: One-Year Option
Services Technology History: One-Year Option
Services Technology Human Social Services: One-Year Option
Services Technology Psychology: One-Year Option
Department Faculty
General Education
Academic Advising
Academic Programs
Advising Expectations
Advisors by Program
Calendar and Forms
Graduation Information
Find Your Major
Transition Advising
Transition Events
Transition Information
Academic Affairs
Academic Affairs Staff
Campus Labs
Forms and Processes
Undergraduate Research Center
Center for Instructional Design & Technology Support
Faculty and Staff Development
Canvas and Learning Technology Training
Preparing to Teach Online Workshops
Online Teaching Preparation Pathway
Preparing to Teach Online Course
APPQMR Workshop
Resources for Online Teaching
Teaching Your Courses Remotely
Using Webex
Using Kaltura and My Media
Using Echo 360
Using Virtual Desktop - MyDesk
Teaching Labs Online
Using Microsoft Teams
Clermont Online Proctoring
Online Teaching FAQ
Getting Internet Access
Math Faculty
Using WebAssign in Canvas
External Resources for Online Teaching
Science Faculty
Instructional Tools
Media Services
Media Production Services
Video Captioning Service
Gainful Employment Disclosure
Cancer Registry Management - Distance Learning Certificate
Criminal Justice Technology - Forensics Certificate
Healthcare Privacy and Security - Distance Learning Certificate
Information Technology Certificate
Medical Biller/Coder Distance Learning Certificate
Paralegal Studies Certificate (Post Baccalaureate)
Paralegal Studies Certificate (Post Associate)
Physician Practice Management - Distance Learning Certificate
Software Productivity II
- Distance Learning Certificate
Majors & Programs
One-Year Option Participants
Types of Degrees & Certificates
Meet our Faculty
Faculty Profiles
Page Beetem
Krista Clark
Bruce Davis
Police Academy
Additional Admissions Steps
Academy Interview
Useful Links
Academy Orientation
Academy Tuition & Costs
Academy Uniforms
About OPOTA
Academy Forms
Program Overview
See what we mean by the 212 degree difference. Watch the video.
Convenient, Quality Education
UC Clermont's American Bar Association-approved Paralegal program provides students with the skills and confidence to compete in one of the fastest growing professions in the country. Our instructors are all experienced, licensed attorneys with expertise in the area they teach. Each faculty member is committed to providing personalized attention — the program averages approximately 25 students per class — and a hands-on, practical education for our paralegal students. The Academic Success Center on campus offer free, professional tutoring to assist students in their coursework.
What is Paralegal Studies?
The paralegal profession is ranked among the fastest-growing occupations in the US. Department of Labor's 2018 Occupational Outlook Handbook. As the legal system becomes more and more complex, lawyers are increasingly turning to qualified paralegals to provide essential services. A paralegal is one of the lawyer’s most valuable resources, performing substantive legal work– including assisting with trial preparation and real estate closings, drafting legal documents, and performing research. Through UC Clermont’s American Bar Association (“ABA”) approved Paralegal Studies program you can earn an associate degree in Paralegal Studies or a one-year post-bachelor or post-associate certificate. Students will develop a strong background in areas such as civil litigation, real property, business organizations, legal research and legal technology. Clermont College’s paralegal students also gain an understanding of the ethical framework within which they work, and will be able to effectively analyze and communicate in these areas.
See our Frequently Asked Questions page for additional information.
Program Outcomes
Graduates of our paralegal studies program will be able to:
Demonstrate workplace readiness skills, including basic skills in legal research and writing, various substantive areas of the law, and be prepared for employment in an entry-level paralegal position or other related field.
Analyze and evaluate the law and modify standardized forms found in form books, pleading files, form files or computer databases to create the appropriate work product of a typical entry-level paralegal working under the supervision of an attorney.
Demonstrate proficiency with legal software and other technology used in the practice of law.
Demonstrate knowledge of legal and ethical principles that guide paralegal conduct and demonstrate an understanding of the role of the paralegal in the delivery of legal services.
Top 10 Reasons to Become a Paralegal
1. Rising Pay - Paralegal compensation has risen steadily in the past decade and is projected to continue rising! Nationally the median wage for paralegal is $50,410 per year (2017). The Median wage in Cincinnati is $48,986.00.
2. Career Path is Exploding with New Jobs – It is one of the fastest growing professions in the U.S. and throughout the world! Projected to grow by over 28 percent in the next decade.
3. Short pathway to a new career – While a Lawyer spends seven long years preparing, if you already hold an associate or bachelor degree you can enter the field in just 11 months! Less than two years if you are just starting college.
4. A career to be proud of! – Paralegals are no longer just “assistants” they are part of the legal team with multifaceted roles. Many are also assuming leadership roles within many corporations
5. A Career helping others – Work on the front line of family, personal injury, litigation and public interest law.
6. Work directly with Clients - Just like a nurse works with patients, most paralegals are the direct line of communication to the client.
7. Oh, How the Practice of Law is changing! - The legal industry is changing and so is the delivery of legal services. Utah will become the second state to license paralegal practitioners starting in 2019. Lawyers are losing their long held monopoly on the law.
8. Chance to exercise problem solving skills – The work is challenging, requires innovative thinking and a problem-solving mentality.
9. Become an expert in your area of law – Paralegals often are subject matter experts in their specialty area, skilled at listening, understanding legal terminology, legal procedure and research.
10. A Chance to Experience UC Clermont! UC Clermont has one of the few American Bar Association approved paralegal programs in the nation. Less than 28 percent of all the paralegal program in the U.S. hold this badge of honor!
Paralegal Advisory Board
Paralegal Advisory Board Members
Name
Employment
Page Beetem
Assoc. Prof of Legal Studies - UC Clermont College
Michelle Brady
Office Manager at Frost Brown Todd, Large Law Firm
Chad Burton
Burton Law, CEO of CuroLegal
Tonya Godby Campbell
Opportunities for Ohioans with Disabilities, November 2015 - Present
Sara Hosler
Student at UC Clermont College
Becky Kern
Paralegal at Cornetet, Meyer, Rush & Stapleton Co. LPA
Lisa Leffler
Legal Manager - Global Litigation & Dispute Resolution for The Procter & Gamble Company
Eric Lutson
Insured Litigation Paralegal at The Kroger Co.
Chris Lyle
Global Equipment Finance and Leasing
Bob Proud
Retired Commissioner at Clermont County - 28 years
Jeff Rubel
Prof of Legal Studies, UC Clermont College, Interim Dept. Chair of Business, Law & Technology Dept., UC Clermont College
Janis Walter
Attorney, Adjunct Professor at University of Cincinnati
Debbie Woelfel
Legal Manager - Proctor & Gamble
Paralegals may not provide legal services directly to the public, except as permitted by law.
The University of Cincinnati reaffirms its policy that discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or gender identity and expression shall not be practiced in any of its activities. University Rule 3361: 10-13-01