https://ucclermont.edu/academics/academic-departments/business-law/blt-programs/paralegal/paralegal-ecurr.html
Skip to main content
Paralegal Studies
Associate of Applied Business
Request Information
Apply
UC Clermont
»
Academics
»
Academic Departments
»
Business, Law & Technology
»
Degrees
»
Paralegal Studies
»
Paralegal Program Information
Set Navigation title in component
Academic Departments
Business, Law & Technology
Degrees
Paralegal Studies
Paralegal Program Information
Paralegal News
Program Overview
Course Guide
FAQs
Program Goals
Success Stories
Course Transfer Policy
Student Organization
Accounting Technology (Online)
Accounting Technology (Distance Learning)
Business Information Technology (DIstance Learning)
Business Management Technology
Business Technology: One-Year Option
Criminal Justice
Law Enforcement
Law Enforcement with Police Academy
Digital Media
Financial Management Technology
Health Information Systems Technology (Distance Learning)
Program Information
Employment Opportunities for Graduates
FAQs
Health Information Systems Technology Faculty
Health Information Systems (Online) Program Details
Healthcare Management
Information Technology
Information Technology: One-Year Option
Marketing Management Technology
Pre-Business Administration
Pre-Sport Administration
Services Technology Criminal Justice: One-Year Option
Supply Chain Management Technology
Certificates
Certificate of Accounting Technology
Certficate in Cancer Registry Management
Certificate in Healthcare Privacy and Security
Certificate in Information Technology
Certificate in Medical Biller/Coder
Certificate in Paralegal Studies
Baccalaureate Certificate in Paralegal Studies
Certificate in Physician Practice Management
Certificate in Software Productivity II
Certificate in Medical Biller/Coder
Certificate in Cancer Registry Management
Department Faculty
General Education
EI3 Conference
Real Estate
English, Languages & Fine Arts
Certificates
Certificate in Writing
Degrees
English Literature
Exploratory Studies
Liberal Arts
Individual Studies
Department Faculty
General Education
East Fork Journal
UC Composition Writing Contest
Math, Computers, Geology & Physics
Degrees
Aviation Technology
Buidling & Industrial Technology: One-Year Option
Pre-Engineering
Applied Administration: Manufacturing Technology
Manufacturing Engineering Technology
Department Faculty
General Education
Science & Health
Certificates
Medical Assisting
Degrees
Biological Sciences
Chemistry
Emergency Medical Services
Environmental Studies
Health & Allied Health Tech: One-Year Option
Health and Allied Health Technology: Patient Care
Associates in Technical Studies with a subplan in Health Care Professional
Physical Therapist Assistant
Clinical Education Program
Feedback
Physical Therapist Assistant Testimonials
Physical Therapist Assistant Faculty Profiles
Program FAQs
Program Outcomes
Costs
Program Information
Pre-Communication Sciences and Disorders
Pre-Health Sciences
Pre-Medical Laboratory Sciences
Pre-Mortuary Science
Pre-Nursing
Pre-Pharmacy
Public Health
Respiratory Care
Helpful Links
Respiratory Care Faculty
Costs
Program Achievements
Respiratory Care Program Details
Social Work
Surgical Technology
Surgical Technology Program Details
Costs
Department Faculty
General Education
Science & Health Safety Manuals
Social Sciences
Certificates
Certificate in Pre-Art Therapy
Degrees
History
Psychology
Services Technology Education: One-Year Option
Services Technology History: One-Year Option
Services Technology Human Social Services: One-Year Option
Services Technology Psychology: One-Year Option
Department Faculty
General Education
Academic Advising
Academic Programs
Advising Expectations
Advisors by Program
Calendar and Forms
Graduation Information
Find Your Major
Transition Advising
Transition Events
Transition Information
Academic Affairs
Academic Affairs Staff
Campus Labs
Forms and Processes
Undergraduate Research Center
Center for Instructional Design & Technology Support
Faculty and Staff Development
Canvas and Learning Technology Training
Preparing to Teach Online Workshops
Online Teaching Preparation Pathway
Preparing to Teach Online Course
APPQMR Workshop
Resources for Online Teaching
Teaching Your Courses Remotely
Using Webex
Using Kaltura and My Media
Using Echo 360
Using Virtual Desktop - MyDesk
Teaching Labs Online
Using Microsoft Teams
Clermont Online Proctoring
Online Teaching FAQ
Getting Internet Access
Math Faculty
Using WebAssign in Canvas
External Resources for Online Teaching
Science Faculty
Instructional Tools
Media Services
Media Production Services
Video Captioning Service
Gainful Employment Disclosure
Cancer Registry Management - Distance Learning Certificate
Criminal Justice Technology - Forensics Certificate
Healthcare Privacy and Security - Distance Learning Certificate
Information Technology Certificate
Medical Biller/Coder Distance Learning Certificate
Paralegal Studies Certificate (Post Baccalaureate)
Paralegal Studies Certificate (Post Associate)
Physician Practice Management - Distance Learning Certificate
Software Productivity II
- Distance Learning Certificate
Majors & Programs
One-Year Option Participants
Types of Degrees & Certificates
Meet our Faculty
Faculty Profiles
Page Beetem
Krista Clark
Bruce Davis
Police Academy
Additional Admissions Steps
Academy Interview
Useful Links
Academy Orientation
Academy Tuition & Costs
Academy Uniforms
About OPOTA
Academy Forms
Why study Paralegal Studies?
The effective practice of law requires a team of conscientous, competent professionals. A critical member of that team is the paralegal, who plays a vital role in the legal system by completing essential legal tasks that ensure the delivery of quality legal services to the client. A paralegal’s primary role is to provide support to attorneys. Paralegals may work specifically with one lawyer or a group of attorneys. The work that paralegals do varies based on the size and practice area of the firm at which they are employed, but commonly includes meeting with clients, interviewing witnesses, collecting evidence, researching case law and legal precedents, drafting documents, pleadings, and correspondence with clients and the court.
The paralegal field is growing and offers opportunities in many different areas of concentration. A paralegal can work in a variety of legal fields, finding success with corporate firms, private firms or in the public arena. Much like attorneys, paralegals can choose a certain type of law, which can determine the type of work they will do on a regular basis. A litigation paralegal, for example, may prepare clients for trial, interview witnesses, research legal precedents pertinent to a case, and must have a wide knowledge of the court rules and evidentiary issues. A paralegal degree does offers opportunities outside the legal field, including in real estate, hospitals, nonprofits and health care systems.
Admission Requirements
This program is open to all students with a high school diploma or GED and the desire to succeed in college. Although admission is open, students accepted into the program must meet the academic standards of the program to advance to upper levels of study.
As a first-year student, you will need to take an English and mathematics placement test if you have not obtained the minimum ACT/SAT score required for exemption. These tests do not affect your admission; however, the results are essential for your proper placement in classes. You must complete placement tests before you register for English or mathematics courses. All placement tests are given free of charge.
If you have taken paralegal courses at other institutions, you may petition the program director to transfer those credits to our program. Credits must be from a regionally accredited, ABA or an institutional member of AAfPE to be considered.
Success
right arrow
down arrow
Excellent communication skills, a willingness to learn computer software applications and attention to detail are important attributes to succeed as a paralegal. You should have good people skills, be an independent worker and have a high degree of personal integrity.
Careers
right arrow
down arrow
The paralegal profession has been a growth occupation for the past 25 years.
“Employment of paralegals and legal assistants is projected to grow 15 percent from 2016 to 2026, much faster than the average for all occupations. Formally trained paralegals with strong computer and database management skills should have the best job prospects." — U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Paralegals may not provide legal services directly to the public, except as permitted by law.
Advising
right arrow
down arrow
Academic advising is an essential part of your educational experience.
We are committed to providing advice and assistance throughout your academic journey. You and your advisor work together to create an academic plan based on your goals.
Questions? Email us at clermont.advising@uc.edu or call us at 513-732-5205 to schedule an appointment.
UC Advantages And Special Opportunities
right arrow
down arrow
The UC Clermont campus is located on 91 wooded acres in Batavia, Ohio, in the heart of Clermont County. Our faculty-to-student ratio is low. You will find small class sizes and personal interaction with your instructors create the ideal learning environment. Parking is convenient and at no additional charge. Plus, our tuition is the lowest of the UC colleges.
Our paralegal program places a strong emphasis on learning legal technology. Many of the classes are taught in a computer lab with hands-on use of the software typically used in a law office setting.
Special Programs
right arrow
down arrow
The Academic Success Center (ASC) is committed to helping students become successful, independent learners through partnerships that promote individual interests and abilities. We encourage and support opportunities for self-discovery in an informal environment that promotes academic skill development.
The best students recognize that they can sometimes use a little extra help to achieve their academic goals. Seeking tutoring is a responsible choice, demonstrating that students care about their academics enough to go the extra mile to succeed. Stop by the ASC in Jones 104 and meet our highly trained team of tutors who are ready and willing to assist you.
Graduation Requirements
right arrow
down arrow
You must complete an application for degree the semester before you expect to graduate. You should see your advisor in the Advising Center for assistance.
Transferring to UC
right arrow
down arrow
We accept transfer applications all year long, and you may start any semester, provided your transcripts arrive in time to be evaluated before the start of the semester you wish to attend.
If you have not taken college-level mathematics or English, you will need to take the placement test.
Changing Majors Within UC
right arrow
down arrow
Other UC students may transfer into UC Clermont College by completing the application for change in college and program form. You are urged to see your advisor before transferring into a different major to minimize any impact on your degree progress and to verify that you have met all pre-requisites.
Curriculum
right arrow
down arrow
Guide: 2020-2021 Paralegal Studies
Application Deadlines
For specific deadline information, visit the Admissions webpage.
Accreditation
right arrow
down arrow
The University of Cincinnati and all regional campuses are accredited by the Higher Learning Commission.Our paralegal program is approved by the American Bar Association (ABA).
Contact Information
Admissions
Clermont College
4200 Clermont College Drive
Batavia, OH 45103
(513) 732-5319
clermont.admissions@uc.edu
Find related programs in the following interest areas:
Business
Politics, Law & Social Justice
Program Code: 34ASC-PARA-AAB