https://ucsa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Want to get involved in statewide student advocacy and organizing?
JOIN US!
Who we are
We are the University of California Student Association. Our website address is: https://ucsa.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Forms
We have a general purpose contact form, as well as forms to allow you to apply to various programs we run. Data you enter on a form is (a) emailed to whomever is responsible for the program or function you’re submitting it for, and (b) stored on the website for up to 3 months.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We share relevant information you submit on contact forms with the people running the program or programs you are applying to be part of.
How long we retain your data
Information you submit on a form is stored on the website for up to 3 months. It is also retained by whoever is running the program you submitted the form for until the associated campaign or appointment is completed.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we provide and/or erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
If you submit a form, your information is sent to the people running the program or programs you are applying to be part of.
How we protect your data
We take various steps to protect your data, including encrypting all website communication using SSL (https), removing information from the website that was submitted via a contact form within 3 months, and doing regular website security monitoring.
FooterRECENT UPDATES
Campus By Campus Resources After The 2020 ElectionWe’re proudly supporting Prop 16—here’s why you should, too.Apply for a remote Census Outreach position!Regent Progress Reports January 2020Regent Progress Reports April 2019
RECENT TWEETS
UCSA@_UCSA·21 Jul25 years ago today, @UofCalifornia Board of Regents voted to ban affirmative action. The move was DEVASTATING to students of color and left lasting opportunity gaps. We now have a chance to correct history with @YesProp16. Let’s do this:
https://bit.ly/UC-AA
#Opportunity4All Reply on Twitter 1285653052620496896Retweet on Twitter 128565305262049689623Like on Twitter 128565305262049689629Load More...
Search this website
SEE THE CALENDAR
GET UPDATES FROM UCSA
REGISTER TO VOTE
FacebookInstagramTwitter