https://ufp.uk.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Apply Online
Contact Us
Our Courses
All Courses
Architecture, Art & Design
Business & Finance
Engineering & Computing
Law, Humanities & Social Sciences
Medicine
Science & Pharmacy
About Us
About UFP
About UFP
London Campus
Bath Campus
News
Contact us
FAQ
Admissions
Entry Requirements
Tuition Fees
University Destinations
University Destinations
Partner Universities
Student Life
Apply Online
The UFP Privacy Policy
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This policy covers how the UFP treats Personal Information that the UFP collects and receives, including information on your past use of our website. Personal Information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
The UFP collects Personal Information whenever a user chooses to contact us via the web form within the Contact Us section.
When contacting us using this method we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number.
The UFP automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, UFP cookie information and the page you request.
We use information for the following general purposes: to customise the content you see, to fulfil your requests and for technical website administration purposes.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We do not rent, sell or share Personal Information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, where we have your permission.
We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to regional/national institutions and authorities, unless required by the law or other regulations.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat Personal Information by placing a prominent notice on our website.
PRIVACY SUPPORT AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us using the online form provided.
Are you ready to apply?
Make an application for entry to our one year programme.
Apply
Can't find an answer?
Feel free to reach out to our admissions team for assistance.
Contact
Download the Prospectus
Learn more about undergraduate degree programmes at UFP.
Download