https://uk.pearson.com/pearson-privacy-and-you/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Notice & Cookie Policy
Committed to privacy
Privacy notice
This site provides information about Pearson and our products and services.
It serves as a front door to many of our products and services and allows you to connect with us in a variety of ways.
When you visit other pages on this site, please click on the Privacy link at the bottom of those pages for more information about how we handle personal information collected through this site in your country.
If you go on to register for or purchase a Pearson product or service you will be directed to the privacy notice which applies to that product or service.
The only personal data that may be processed in connection with your use of this page on this site relates to the cookies that this site will seek to place on your device with your consent, details of which are set out below.
Cookie notice
We use cookies because we want to make our websites and mobile applications user-friendly, and we are interested in anonymous user behavior. Our cookies don't store sensitive or personally identifiable information.
These cookies fall into 4 categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functionality Cookies
Behaviourally targeted advertising cookies
If you do consent to the use of some or all of these cookies you can change your mind at any time and may amend your preferences using the instructions below or via any tool that may be made available on the site for that purpose.
Please note that if you decide to disable cookies that are needed in order for the site to function it may affect your ability to access the site.
List of cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
Session Based: To collect information on use of the site for analysis and to improve its operation or identify and respond to problems.
AWSALB, AWSELB – Cookie set by AWS to create “sticky sessions
YSESSIONID – Hybris Session ID
acceleratorSecureGUID – Hybris secure guid cookie to evaluate if a user has a valid session
cookie-notification – Set when user closes the cookie notification popup
Geo Targeting: Used to help identify which country or state you are in so that we can display information relevant to that territory or jurisdiction.
geotargetsite – Tracks user location based on IP via Akamai
geotargetchosenlocale – Tracks when user makes a choice to navigate to a store in a specific country
system-msg – Used for global messaging component in the header
Google Analytics: Gather data on how users use and interact with our sites. Used to analyse how well our sites are performing and optimise customer experience.
_utma – Google Analytics cookie to track unique visitors
_utmb – Google Analytics cookie to track visitor behavior and measure site performance
_utmc - Google Analytics cookie to track visitor behavior and measure site performance
_utmt – Google Analytics cookie to throttle request rate for the service
_utmv – Google Analytics cookie used for user classification
_utmz – Google Analytics cookie
_ga – Google Analytics cookie to distinguish users
_gat_UA-93818630 - Identifier for Google Analytics Account Number
_gid – Google Analytics cookie to distinguish users
_rollupGa – Google Analytics cookie to store a unique client identifier
Performance cookies
Optimize: Multivarient testing tool. Used to optimise customer experience.
hotjar: Records heatmaps of users interaction with site. Used to analyse who well our sites are performing and optimise customer experience.
Functionality cookies
Maritz: Used to deploy customer satisfaction surveys.
Behaviourally targeted advertising cookies
Pardot: Marketing platform used for customer anc campaign tracking. Used to identify customers interests and response to targeted campaigns. Enabled only to collect information for Pearson's use.
Salesforce: Sales support tool. Used to track and measure customers usage of support tools. Enabled only to collect information for Pearson's use.
Pearson Education: Sales support tool. Used to track and measure customers ecommerce usages.
Disabling or blocking cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see the list below). Be aware that disabling cookies will reduce the functionality of this and other websites that you visit so that some features may not work.
How to check cookies are enabled on your PC:
Google Chrome
Click on the spanner icon (top menu in browser) and select ‘Settings’
Click the 'Under the Bonnet' tab on the left, then select the 'Content settings' button
Under the cookies section, choose the option that best suits your needs.
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click on 'Tools' (top menu in browser) and select 'Internet options'
Click on the 'Privacy' tab
Move the privacy slider to the level of privacy you require. Settings above Medium will disable cookies.
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' (top menu in browser) and select ‘Options’
Select the Privacy icon
In the history section choose 'Use custom settings for history' from the dropdown menu
Cookies can be enabled or disabled by clicking on the appropriate check boxes.
Safari
Click on the Cog icon (top menu in browser) and select 'Preferences'
Click on Privacy tab and choose the option that best suits your needs.
Opera
Click on the 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Select the 'Advanced' tab and choose Cookies from the list on the left
Choose the option that best suits your needs.
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Click on the 'Privacy' tab
Adjust the level of cookie acceptance here.
Firefox
Click on 'Firefox' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Select the Privacy icon
In the history section choose 'Use custom settings for history' from the dropdown menu
Cookies can be enabled or disabled by clicking on the appropriate check boxes.
Requests and Contact
Please contact dataprivacy@pearson.com about this Privacy Notice, or if you have any requests or questions relating to the privacy of your personal information.
Last Update: January 1, 2020