http://ulukau.org/disclaimer.php?subpage=privacy&l=haw&subpage_heading=Pilikino
Pilikino
Updated January 20, 2004.
For website management, this site uses software programs to create
summary statistics that are used for such purposes as assessing what
information is of most or least interest to users, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance areas. The
copyright owner collects and stores the following information:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet,
The date and time you access this site;
The pages you peruse and files you access on this site;
The Internet address of the Website from which you linked directly to this site.
Any errors encountered.
This website does NOT record users' names, addresses, phone numbers,
credit card numbers, or any other personally-identifying information.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an email
message, we will use this information to respond to your request. There are
times when your email may be forwarded within our organizations to
employees who are better able to assist you. We may also forward requests
for assistance to another appropriate institution for response. Except for
the foregoing exceptions and for authorized law enforcement activities, the
copyright owner does not share email with outside organizations without
obtaining your permission. Further, this website will not originate any
emails to any user unless requested to do so by the user.
"Cookies" are small bits of text (letters and numbers) that
are either used for the duration of a session, or saved on a user's
computer in order to identify that user (or information about that user)
the next time they log on to a website. The copyright owner uses cookies to
temporarily keep track of your use of this site. The copyright owner also
may use cookies to keep track of your preferences of use on this site, such
as search preferences. With the exception of such preference saving, all
cookie information on this site is deleted when your session ends and is
not collected or saved. Cookies can NOT be used to read other information
from a user's hard drive. If you wish to prevent cookies from being used
you may disable them in your browser's preferences.
Children. For ages under 13: If you are under 13 years of age, please do
not send any information about yourself, including your name, address, or
email address. If we discover that we have collected any
personally-identifying information from a child under the age of 13, we
will remove that information from our records as soon as possible. For ages
13 -18: Visitors between the ages of 13 and 18 must obtain permission from
their parents or guardians before sending any personally-identifying
information.
Linked sites. This website contains links to other sites
that may not follow the same privacy policies as given here. These sites
may use cookies, collect data, and use the data in ways that the copyright
owner would not. The copyright owner is not responsible for the privacy
practices or any information or materials on these other sites.
Changes. The copyright owner reserves the right to change this
policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this web page as soon
as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of this
website constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
If you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy,
please contact us.