https://uoftbookstore.com/privacy.asp?
In compliance with government mandates, our stores are operating online-only until further notice.Contactless pickup is available, by appointment only, at the St. George Campus.
UNIVERSITY OF TORONTO PRESS PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on May 14, 2018
Welcome to the University of Toronto Press (“UTP” or “we” or “us”) Privacy Policy. This online Privacy Policy tells you what information UTP collects at its websites accessed as: www.utorontopress.com, www.utpress.utoronto.ca, www.campuscomputershop.com, www.uoftbookstore.com, and www.utpjournals.press (collectively, the “UTP Websites”). By accessing, browsing, subscribing to, or otherwise using any of the UTP Websites and accepting the terms and conditions for such UTP Websites, you agree that UTP may collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information as described in this policy. “Personal Information” means information about you, alone or in conjunction with other information, that may be used to identify you.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to modify, alter, or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review this policy from time to time. The current version of this Privacy Policy will be posted on the UTP Websites at all times. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Agreement. Your continued use of any of the UTP Websites following the posting of any changes means you agree to be bound by such changes.
PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We collect Personal Information from you to:
create, manage, and maintain a unique user account and profile on a UTP Website for you to register or purchase our products and services
process your purchase orders for our products and services
provide you with other customer support and communication
better understand your preferences and provide you with newsletters and other tailored offers if you opt in to receive them
conduct analyses and evaluations to improve our UTP Websites, products, services, and marketing communications
We may also: (i) respond to your inquiries and provide you with information and communicate with you about products, listings, events, and services you request; and (ii) communicate relevant offers and targeted listings to you if you opt in to receive them.
By consenting to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information through your use of the UTP Websites (including any products and services available on the UTP Websites), you will allow us to fulfill the purposes for which we collect your Personal Information, as described above or communicated to you at the time of information collection.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
UTP regards the privacy of all users as of utmost importance. We will take all commercially reasonable means necessary to protect any information you may give us. We only collect Personal Information that you provide or that is otherwise provided to us on your behalf (such as your name, address, phone number, email address, etc.). By providing your Personal Information to us, you implicitly agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Unless we advise otherwise, your information will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided or to contact you. We will limit the information we collect to what we need for those purposes.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent unless required or permitted by applicable law. We will not rent, sell, loan, or otherwise market your Personal Information to any third party. There are some situations in which we may disclose your Personal Information without your consent. For example:
when we are required or authorized by law to do so, for example if a court issues a subpoena
when the services we are providing to you require us to give your information to a third party your consent will be implied, unless you tell us otherwise
when we believe we need to disclose information to protect our rights, or the rights of others, property, or to enforce this Privacy Policy or the terms and conditions of the UTP Websites, including where it is necessary to establish or collect amounts owed to us
if the information is public record information specified by regulation and the disclosure is directly related to the purposes for which it was recorded on the public record
We may transfer your personal information to service providers who are performing services on our behalf. These service providers will be obligated to treat your personal information in accordance with the requirements of this Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, we may use service providers located outside of Canada to process and/or store Personal Information for us. Please note that Personal Information in the custody of these service providers may be subject to access by the law enforcement authorities of those jurisdictions in which the service providers are located. Our Privacy Officer, whose contact information is provided below, can provide further information about our policies and practices regarding service providers located outside of Canada and further information about how these service providers collect, use, disclose, or store personal information on our behalf.
In the event that our company undergoes a fundamental change such as a sale of assets, or a merger with another company or enterprise, it may be necessary for us to disclose your Personal Information to the prospective counterparties to the transaction and their professional advisors. No such disclosure will occur unless these entities have executed confidentiality agreements in respect of your Personal Information and limit their use of it to the purposes necessary for completing the transaction and the operation of the business after the transaction is complete.
CONSENT
When you provide us with your Personal Information, you agree that you are providing us your implied consent to collect and use your Personal Information to fulfill the requested order, service, or information. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information at any time. However, please note that, for certain services, if you withdraw your consent, we may no longer be able to provide the service to you.
Additionally, if you opt in to receive promotional emails, every email will contain an “unsubscribe” link that you can click to withdraw your consent and remove your email address from further promotional messages.
ACCURACY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
It is important that the information you provide us is accurate and updated. You have a right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information and to have it amended, as appropriate. You also have a right to request access to your Personal Information and receive an accounting of how that information has been used and disclosed, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. For example, if the requested information would reveal Personal Information about another individual, your access may be limited or denied. If your request for access is denied, we will notify you in writing and explain why.
To request access or to amend your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer at the address below.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may contact our Privacy Officer to ask us to remove your Personal Information from our records, electronic or otherwise. However, we will need to maintain certain Personal Information about you as long as reasonably necessary for us to complete our dealings with you, or as may be required by law. For example, we will maintain Personal Information about any purchases you may make on the UTP Websites for purposes such as warranty and product information.
COOKIES
Like most other organizations, the UTP Websites use cookies and/or other similar technologies to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content.
The UTP Websites use cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of the UTP Websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the UTP Websites and also allows us to improve the UTP Websites.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the UTP Websites if you do so.
A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the UTP Websites and will last for longer.
We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law.
Types of cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies, either alone or in combination with each other to create a unique device ID.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the UTP Websites and under our terms with you. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the UTP Websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the UTP Websites when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way the UTP Websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the UTP Websites. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the UTP Websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make the UTP Websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may also work with advertising networks that gather information about the content on the UTP Websites you visit and on information on other websites and services you visit. This may result in you seeing advertisements through the UTP Website or our advertisements when you visit other websites and services of third parties. For more information about how to turn this feature off see below or visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Disabling cookies
The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general, the UTP Websites may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off.
If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on the UTP Websites.
If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on the UTP Websites.
If you want to disable cookies on the UTP Websites, you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.
How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
DATA SECURITY
Security for all Personal Information is extremely important to us. We employ SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Security, which is an internet standard protocol for encrypting data, for your privacy during transmission of sensitive information. If your browser is capable of working with "strong encryption" (128-bit encryption), our servers will negotiate that with your browser. If your browser supports standard encryption (40-bit), our servers will work with this as well.
While we take steps to protect your information, please note that no information transmitted via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. If you have a user account on a UTP Website, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and other account information.
COURSE LOOKUP WITH UtorID:
By signing in to access course materials and matching textbooks, you consent to the U of T Bookstore accessing the University of Toronto courses in which you are currently registered for the sole purpose of providing information to you about the textbooks you may need. The Bookstore does not store this information and has no additional or further access to your academic records.
LINKS TO PARTNERING ORGANIZATIONS
UTP works with a number of partners who have their own privacy policies. UTP is not responsible for the privacy policies of partnering organizations; interested parties should review the privacy policies of those sites. If you have subscribed to a product, service, or promotional program, such as a newsletter, or are participating in a contest, promotion, or event that is offered by a third party together with UTP or under a UTP brand, you may also have to provide your consent or withdraw your consent with that third party separately. For further information on the manner in which our partnering organizations process your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer at the address below.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
We may provide links to other websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies, or how they treat information about their users, and we advise you to check their privacy policies before providing any Personal Information to them.
PRIVACY OFFICER CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, including accessing or amending your Personal Information, please feel free to contact our Privacy Officer:
University of Toronto Press Privacy Officer
800 Bay Street, Mezzanine
Toronto ON M5S 3A9 Canada
Email the UTP Privacy Officer at: info@utpress.utoronto.ca