http://usac.unr.edu/usac/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
About USAC
Privacy Policy
Home
About USAC
Privacy Policy
In About USAC
About USAC
Affiliate Universities
Awards And Affiliations
Central Office Staff
Contact Us
Donate
Employment Opportunities
Equity and Inclusion
Host Universities
Interactive Media
News
Partnering with Us
Privacy Policy
Staff Abroad
Your Gateway to U.S. Universities
Privacy Policy
USAC is committed to performing business with integrity and with the highest ethical standards and appropriate internal controls. Our privacy policy applies to all users of the USAC website.
Anonymous Information
What info do we collect?
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, as well as pages you have visited. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not personally identify any individual.
How do we collect info?
We primarily use cookies to track this information. Cookies contain information that is saved to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Why do we collect info?
Tracking users’ website behavior allows us to continually improve our website with a better user experience and user interface. This information is also used to provide better, relevant contextual advertising and search results.
Information we share with partners
The anonymous information mentioned above is shared with advertising companies for the purpose of providing better, relevant contextual advertising and search results.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google Advertising Opt-out page. Users may opt out of third party vendor use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-out Page.
We also send this information to Google’s Analytics service to build historical reports about our website’s performance. Users may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out Page.
Information Provided Voluntarily
You may choose to provide information to us through Web forms, e-mail or other electronic means. Any personally identifiable information provided will be stored and used only for USAC purposes. USAC will never sell your personal contact information.
We reserve the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy and once published here will be considered in effect immediately.
×