https://utorontopress.com/us/help
A
A
A
My Account
0
In your shopping cart
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
BooksBy SubjectBy SeriesBy ImprintCataloguesJournalsBrowse JournalsFor AuthorsFor Librarians and AgentsFor Online ReadersPublish Your Journal with UTPOpen AccessConnectBlogE-news Sign-upFacebookBooksJournalsTwitterBooksJournalsTeaching CultureUTP HistoryUTP PoliticsInstagramLinkedinPublish with UTP My Account
Search
Advanced
Home
Help
HELP
Ordering Books Online
Shipping and Returns
eBooks
Exam and Desk Copies
Media and Review Copies
Alternate Format Requests
Customer Service
Ordering Books Online
Setting up an Online Account
To make purchases on this website, you will be invited to set up a personal account. Creating an account will enable you to track your purchases, view your order history, access your digital exam and desk copies, manage your email subscriptions, and keep your basic account information up to date. Once your account is created, you will be able to access your information at any time by clicking on the “My Account” icon in the top right-hand corner of the website.
Website Security
Security for all personal information is extremely important to us. We employ SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Security, which is an internet standard protocol for encrypting data, for your privacy during transmission of sensitive information. If your browser is capable of working with “strong encryption” (128-bit encryption), our servers will negotiate that with your browser. If your browser supports standard encryption (40-bit), our servers will work with this as well.While we take steps to protect your personal information, please note that no information transmitted via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. If you have a user account on a UTP website, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and other account information.
Read our complete privacy policy here.
Credit Cards
University of Toronto Press does not store any credit card data.
Forgot Your Password?
If you've lost or forgotten the password for your UTP account, you can easily retrieve a new one. On any page that asks you to log in or create an account, simply click on “Forgot Your Password?” to access our password retrieval page. Enter your email address and you will receive a link to reset your password.
Technical Support
For assistance with your online order, contact our webmaster.
Shipping and Returns
Shipping Policies
Orders placed online with University of Toronto Press are sent daily to our distribution facility where in-stock items are packed and shipped. Our carrier for online orders is United Parcel Service (UPS). When your order is shipped, you will receive an email notification. In your order history there is a carrier tracking number that links to UPS’s tracking website. Any delivery times quoted on the website are estimates only.
Please note: Shipping expense for the entire order will be charged to your credit card when the first item ships. If other items are shipping at a later date, additional shipping charges will not be applied.
To make inquiries about the status of your order, phone UTP Distribution Customer Service at 1-800-565-9523 (North America) or email utpbooks@utpress.utoronto.ca. When contacting Customer Service, please reference your name and Order Number. Do not include credit card information in an email.
Prices and Taxes
Prices are subject to change without notice. Prices for customers outside of Canada will be billed in U.S. dollars.
HST of 5% is charged to customers in Canada. University of Toronto Press’s HST registration number is on your invoice.
State sales tax is charged to U.S. customers in New York.
When ordering goods from University of Toronto Press for delivery overseas, import duties and taxes may apply when the goods arrive in your country. Additional charges for customs clearance, if any, are the customer’s responsibility. When ordering from University of Toronto Press, the customer is considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the goods are received.
Returns and Cancellations
UTP accepts returns for incorrect shipments or damaged books. Claims relating to shipping discrepancies, shortages, or damages must be made within thirty (30) days of the invoice date.
You may cancel your order if it has not already shipped.
Please contact UTP Distribution Customer Service at 1-800-565-9523 (North America) during business hours.
Ebooks
If you have purchased an ebook through this site, please ensure you follow these steps:
1. Download Adobe Digital Editions. To ensure that your purchase is viewable on other devices, you must authorize your copy of Adobe Digital Editions and create an Adobe ID. Click here for the Adobe Digital Editions FAQ.
2. For viewing an ePUB on a mobile device or tablet, you will need to download a reading application. We recommend Bluefire Reader. Download Bluefire Reader for Android here. Download Bluefire Reader for IOS here.
3. For IOS devices such as iPhones and iPads, please use Apple's Safari browser when downloading content.
For more information about UTP ebooks, visit our ebooks page.
For help with Adobe Digital Editions, please visit Adobe Learn and Support.
For help with Bluefire Reader, please visit Bluefire’s Support Site.
For additional support with your ebook purchase, contact our webmaster.
Exam and Desk Copies
University of Toronto Press is pleased to provide examination copies of its titles to academics who wish to consider them as required reading for courses they are teaching in the near future. Desk copies are available to instructors who have adopted UTP books as required reading in an upcoming course.
For more information about how to request an exam copy, click here.
For more information about how to request a desk copy, click here.
For additional support with your digital exam or desk copy, email our Higher Education Division at requests@utphighereducation.com.
If you would like to request a book published by another press but distributed by the University of Toronto Press Distribution Division, please contact the book’s publisher directly or email UTP Distribution at utpbooks@utpress.utoronto.ca. Please be sure to provide the book’s title and ISBN.
Media and Review Copies
University of Toronto Press is pleased to consider both media and review copy requests. When requesting a media or review copy, please specify the name of the journal or media in which the review will be published, how or where you heard about the book, and your contact name and address. We ask that two copies of the published review be sent to our Toronto offices.
To request a review copy, contact our reviews coordinator.
To request a media copy, contact our publicist.
Alternate Format Requests
University of Toronto Press is pleased to partner with Bookshare to provide accessible formats of many books. If you or your institution is a member of Bookshare there is no charge to use a title from the Bookshare library
University of Toronto Press is happy to provide PDFs of our books for students or other readers with print disabilities. Such requests must be made by an institution such as CNIB or an Accessibility Centre at a recognized college or university.
If you would like to submit a request to University of Toronto Press for a text in an alternate format, please send your request by email to Vanessa Pickett.
Please include in your request the name of your institution, the name and dates of the course for which the text is required (if applicable), the title and author of the book requested, and confirmation of proof of purchase.
Please note that we can provide PDFs only for books published by University of Toronto Press; for alternate formats of books published by presses distributed by UTP, please contact the publisher directly.
Customer Service
The customer service representatives in UTP’s Distribution Division are happy to answer your inquiries. If you wish to order products, follow up on an order you’ve already placed, request information about a book’s price or availability, or create a new account, please contact customer service:
Tel: 416-667-7791 or 1-800-565-9523 Fax: 416-667-7832 or 1-800-221-9985Email: utpbooks@utpress.utoronto.ca
Hours: Monday to Friday, 8:30 am to 6:00 pm EST
About UTP
Awards
Events calendar
Announcements
Help
Contact us
Books
For Authors
For Instructors
For Booksellers
Catalogues
Custom Publishing
Ebooks
Media and Review Copies
Rights and Permissions
New Jewish Press
Journals
For Authors
For Online Readers
For Subscribers
For Librarians and Agents
For Advertisers
Publish Your Journal with UTP
Copyright and Permissions
Publication Ethics
Connect with us
UTPressUTPJournals
@utpress
@utpjournals
@teachingculture
@utphistory
@utppolitics
UTP Blog
UTPress
UTPress
NEWSLETTERS
Sign up to receive email updates from UTP
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Environmental Policy
Accessibility
Acknowledgements
Careers
Help
© 2020 University of Toronto Press • all Rights Reserved
Choose charity:
The Champlain Society
Make a donation to the Champlain Society
How much would you like to donate?
You are about to donate to the Champlain Society. Please add your donation amount to the box below, and click DONATE. This will add your donation to your shopping cart. To checkout, click the shopping cart in the upper right corner of your screen, and proceed with the checkout process.
Donations to the Champlain Society are fully tax-deductible and receipts will be mailed out in the new year.
Thank you!
Remove donation
Donation amount:
Donate
Minimum donation $10.00
This site uses cookies for analytics and order processing. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.
Accept
More information
STAY INFORMED
Subscribe to our email lists to find out about new and forthcoming releases in your field, books for courses, journal updates, special discounts, and promotions.