https://virginiatech.sportswar.com/help/
TechSideline.com Login
Password:
LoginSign Up
Skip to content
All Hokie, All the Time. Period.
Welcome to our Help page, where we attempt to answer most common questions regarding the site. This page is constantly being updated as we receive new questions and inquiries from our readers.
If you’re having technical difficulties, such as logging in, or with too many site redirects, please see our Technical Difficulties Page (under construction).
Help With Questions Related to Site Usage:
How do I change my account information?
How do I turn off auto-renewal on a subscription?
How do I change my credit card information for auto-renewal?
How do I update my password, email address, etc.?
How can I change my avatar?
How can I change my username?
I forgot my username and/or password. How can I retrieve them?
When are you going to have an app for the iPhone, iPad, Android, etc.?
Are you going to integrate Facebook comments into the site?
(Subscribers only) Why am I listed in my account details page as having a free account and a subscriber account?
Where are all the old archives?
How do I subscribe/unsubscribe from email notifications?
How do I change my account information?
You have the ability to change most every aspect of your account information (i.e. password, email address, credit card, etc.) from your ACCOUNT page, with the exception of your Username. To access the your ACCOUNT DETAILS page, you must first have an account and you have to be logged in. (You can log in in the header of the site.) After logging in, just click your username in the header of the site to go to the Account page.
How do I turn off auto-renewal on a subscription?
Make sure you’re logged into the site, and go here:
View payment history/cancel subscription
How do I change my credit card information for auto-renewal?
Make sure you’re logged into the site and go here:
Update credit card info
How do I update my password, email address, etc.?
Make sure you’re logged into the site and go here:
Change password/Edit profile
How can I change my username?
We have to do that for you. Email us at staff@techsideline.com with three new ideas for usernames, and we’ll set you up with the first available one.
How can I change my avatar?
The only way to change your avatar — the picture associated with your account — is through our message board system. You have to have a history of posting on our message boards.  If you have posted on our boards, then make sure you’re logged in, and go to our Message Board Member List. Search on your username. On the results page from the search, click on your username, then look for “Upload Avatar Image Below” and follow the instructions.
I forgot my username and/or password. How can I retrieve them?
If you’ve lost or forgotten your password or Username, go here and use the “Lost Password” function to have us send you your user ID and a link to update your password.
When are you going to have an app for the iPhone, iPad, Android, etc.?
Our site uses “responsive web design,” so it automatically formats itself for proper display on your browser for your computer/laptop, tablet, or phone. We don’t have a need for a separate app, per se. We may program one in the future, but for now, we’re working on the main browser-based site.
Are you going to integrate Facebook comments into the site?
No, probably not.
(Subscribers only) Why am I listed in my account details page as having a free account and a subscriber account?
That can be a little confusing, but it’s a quirk of our new user management system. Your “free account” gives you the ability to post on the message boards, and your “subscriber account” enables you to get into pay areas of the site (including pay message boards).  If your subscriber account expires, you’ll still have the free account that you can use to post on the free boards.
Where are all the old archives?
They’re all here. From our menu, select “News and Features — Complete TSL Archives.” Or just click here.
How do I subscribe/unsubscribe from email notifications?
To manage your email notifications, go here:
Account page
Very important note: if all you want to do is unsubscribe from TSLMail, un-check the box next to TSLMail, and that will remove you from the list (there’s no need to click any sort of Save or Submit button). In this case, you’ll still receive our system emails, about subscription expirations, etc.
If you want to remove yourself from ALL mailings, then check the “Unsubscribe from all e-mail messages” box. Then you won’t get any emails from us at all, including auto-generated emails about your account. We don’t recommend this, though.
Not Receiving Emails from TechSideline.com
We can only reach you if your email address (in our database) is kept up to date and if your Internet Service Provider doesn’t block the emails (some ISP’s consider server-sent emails to be SPAM). In order to ensure our emails reach you, check with your Internet Service Provider and learn where to add us to your white/trusted/accepted emails list. You will want to add ‘donotreply@sportswar.com’ and ‘staff@techsideline.com’ to the list.
If you maintain more than one email account, please be sure to check them all to make sure that our emails aren’t going to an alternate address. If you have an email address in our database (i.e. subscription and/or message board account), you may edit this from your ACCOUNT DETAILS page after logging in.
If Your Question Wasn’t Answered Here
If none of the options above have helped you, or if you have a suggestion or comment, please contact us at your convenience.
Subscribe to TSL
Our Sponsors
Virginia Tech Navigator Jacket by Charles River$79.99
Message Boards
What’s New?
TSL Pass Subscribers-Only
TSL Pass Recruiting Board
TSL Pass Ticket Board
Non-Subscriber Ticket Board
Football Board
Men’s Basketball Board
Conference Realignment Board
Baseball Board
Wrestling Board
Women’s Basketball Board
“The Lounge” (Off-topic)
Olympic Sports Board
TSLMB Acronyms
vBulletin Forums (closed)
News
All TSL Articles
“Hokie News” Links
Fisher Law Firm Friday Q&A
Tech Talk Live Notes
TSL Podcast
Best of TechSideline.com
Complete Archives (1996-now)
Football
Football Articles
2020 Schedule
2020 Roster
2020 Roster Cards
2019 Schedule/Results
2019 Roster
Lane Stadium Info
Past VT Football Seasons
Future Football Schedules
FB Recruiting
Football Recruiting Articles
Football Recruit Search
2021 Football Verbals
2021 Target Board
2021 In-State Rankings (247)
2020 Football Signees
2020 Target Board
2020 In-State Rankings
Past VT Football Classes
In-State Rankings History
Basketball
Basketball Articles
2020-21 Schedule (PC/Tablet)
2020-21 Schedule (mobile)
2020-21 Roster
2019-20 Schedule and Results
2019-20 Roster
Women’s Schedule (hokiesports)
Women’s Stats (hokiesports)
Past VT Basketball Seasons
Future VT Basketball Schedules
Cassell Coliseum Info
BB Recruiting
Basketball Recruiting Articles
Basketball Recruit Search
2020 Basketball Signees
2020 Basketball Verbals
2019 Basketball Signees
NCAA Recruiting Calendars
Past VT BBall Recruiting Classes
Other Sports
All Articles
Baseball
Wrestling
Women’s Basketball
Softball
Lacrosse
Track and Field
More …
About TechSideline.com
Buy TSL Gear!
Follow TSL on Social Media
The TSL Endowed Scholarship
Subscribe/Renew to TSL
Friends of TSL
Virginia Tech Events
Links
Contact Us
Help/FAQ
Our Sponsors
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use