http://web.egr.msu.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Search
Search
College of Engineering
Audience Menu
A-Z Index
Find People
Give
Maps
Menu
Home
About
Administration
Dean's Welcome
Administrative Staff
Mission & Vision
Organizational Chart
Strategic Plan
Committees & Councils
Policies & Forms
Faculty Meeting Minutes
History of the College
Employment
Departments
Applied Engineering Sciences
Biomedical Engineering
Biosystems & Agricultural Engineering
Chemical Engineering and Materials Science
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Computational Mathematics, Science and Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical and Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Offices & Centers
Careers Center
Composite Materials & Structures Center
Computing Services (DECS)
Cornerstone & Residential Experience (CoRe)
Development & Alumni
Diversity Programs Office (DPO)
Division of Engineering Research (DER)
Future Engineers
Hive Calendar
Publications & Marketing
Undergraduate Office
Women in Engineering
Emergency Guidelines
Maps & Parking
Tours
Volunteering
Academics
Prospective
Future Engineers
Undergraduate
Academics
Admission to the College
Advising
The Careers Center
Cornerstone & Residential Experience (CoRe)
Dean's List (MSU Registrar)
Degree Programs
Design Day
Graduation
Licensure and Certification
Multi-Disciplinary Programs
Resources & Services
Scholarships
Student Groups
UGS Support Staff
Volunteering Opportunities
Graduate Programs
Graduate Program Contacts
EnSURE
Online Programs
Licensure and Certification
Research
Research Centers & Institutes
Automotive Research Experiment Station
BEACON
Composite Materials and Structures Center
Composite Vehicle Research Center
Fraunhofer-CCD
Research Groups
Research Areas & Strategic Plan
Energy
Mobility
Health
Materials
Security
Sustainability
Division of Engineering Research (DER)
DER Proposal Processing
DER Resources
People
Department Directory
Faculty & Staff Directory
News & Events
Class Notes and In Memoriam
Events Calendar
Marketing and Communication Services
Media Relations
News Listings
Publications
Dec
10
2020
Dec
10
2020
Detecting COVID-19
Irene Xagoraraki will expand COVID-19 detection in Southeast Michigan with an $800,000 grant.
Read More
Support Us
Ways to Give
All University Campaign
Annual Giving
Funding Priorities
Create an Endowment
Donor Recognition
Alumni & Friends
Meet the Board
History
Board Members Archive
Alumni Awards
Departmental Awards
Claud Erickson Award
MSUAA Awards
Joon S. Moon Award
Get Involved
Contact Us
Global
Dual PhD Degree Programs
Education Abroad
Programs
Scholarships
FAQ
Contact Us
Funding Opportunities
Global Engineering Minors / Concentrations
Global Internships
Global Research
Opportunities
Partnerships
Student Experiences
Resources
Accessibility
Professional Licensure and Certification
Computing (DECS)
Division of Engineering Research (DER)
Faculty & Staff Resources
Graduate Student Resources
Lost & Found
Policies and Procedures
Undergraduate Student Resources
Web Brand Standards & Templates
Continuing Education
Privacy Statement
Michigan State University Division of Engineering Computing Services
This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website (“Site”) collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect information you choose to provide us.
Please note that other Michigan State University websites may adopt different privacy practices as their specific needs require.
Use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and federal laws, as well as general University policies.
Information Collected
This Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc.), and (b) information we collect automatically when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, responding to surveys, completing membership forms, sending e-mails, etc.  It is this Site’s general practice to use personal information only for the purposes for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site.  However, information collected through this Site may be subject to the University’s obligation to respond to subpoenas, court orders, discovery requests, and requests for public records under the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.  Further, the disclosure of information collected through this Site is subject to the provisions of the Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act. You may also wish to review the MSU webpage on Student Rights Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). https://reg.msu.edu/ROInfo/Notices/PrivacyGuidelines.aspx
The University may also access or permit access to information collected through this Site in accordance with and subject to the limitations of the University’s Acceptable Use Policy for Information Technology Resources.
Although this Site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the Site.  Information disclosed in chat rooms, news groups, forums, message boards and similar contexts may become public.  Users should therefore exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts.
Updating Personal Information
You may correct, update, or remove the personal information provided to us through the use of the Site. In particular:
Faculty, staff, retiree, students and alumni contact information listed in the MSU people directory - to change personal information in the MSU people directory, visit the MSU IT Service Desk (Login): https://itservicedesk.msu.edu/CAisd/pdmweb.exe
Faculty, staff, academic staff, and research personnel contact information listed in the College of Engineering people directory (http://www.egr.msu.edu/people) - to change personal information in the people directory, contact your department supervisor or complete the College of Engineering Profile Change/Add request form: http://www.egr.msu.edu/form/profile-changeadd.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files used to collect information about website activity.  No personal information is collected through our use of cookies.  This Site uses cookies for two main purposes: (a) to carry information about your current session at this Site from one web page to the next, which also allows you to automatically login to other Michigan State University websites, and (b) to identify you on this Site on return visits.
You have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser.  If you opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However, you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login (e.g. accessing secured content, posting to message boards, etc.).
Webpage Tracking Technology
This Web Site uses Matomo Web Analytics Platform (formerly Piwik) for the internal (Engineering) tracking technology.  Matomo is an open-source analytics tool on the Engineering web servers with site specific IDs. Each site ID provides general data from the past 60 days to DECS webmasters and the sites’ users such as number of page views, average time on the page and bounce rates, in order to improve the site’s content and functionality.  To learn more about Matomo visit their website: https://matomo.org/
Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each website they visit.
Disclaimer
Neither Michigan State University, nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees, shall be liable for any improper or incorrect use of information obtained through the use of this Site.
Consent
By using this Site you consent to the terms of this privacy statement.
Questions and feedback
Your questions, comments and concerns are always welcome.  Please send us your feedback regarding the privacy statement or any other web issues to DECS Website Feedback at: https://www.egr.msu.edu/decs/contact.
On This Site
About
Academics
News & Events
Online Programs
Our People
Resources & Services
Support the College
Departments
Applied Engineering Sciences
Biomedical Engineering
Biosystems & Agricultural Engineering
Chemical Engineering & Materials Science
Civil & Environmental Engineering
Computational Mathematics, Science and Engineering
Computer Science & Engineering
Electrical & Computer Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Quick Links
Careers Center
Computing Services (DECS)
CoRe Experience
Division of Engineering Research (DER)
Engineering Education Abroad
Future Engineers
Lost & Found
Maps & Parking
Contact Us
Engineering Building
428 S. Shaw Lane
East Lansing, MI 48824-1226
Phone: (517) 355-5113
Fax: (517) 355-2288
Email / Contact Form
Connect with us
Phone: (517)355-5113
Contact Information
Privacy Policy
Site Accessibility
Call MSU: (517) 355-1855
Visit: msu.edu
MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer.
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Spartans Will.
© Michigan State University
Home
Menu 1
Sub Menu 2
Sub Menu 1