https://westfieldheritage.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
FACE MASKS REQUIRED IN ALL BUILDINGS INCLUDING WASHROOMS
Privacy Policy
System Configuration, Privacy and Security Information
BROWSERS
The Hamilton Conservation Authority (HCA) On-Line Reservation Service works best with or Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome or Safari. If you have trouble logging in, make sure your browser is set to accept cookies, SSL must be enabled and that JavaScript has been enabled. This site looks best at a minimum screen resolution of 1024 by 768 pixels.
COOKIES
Users should be aware that non-personal data may be automatically collected through the use of “cookies”. “Cookies” are small text files that are used to recognize the user’s ongoing access to the site. Cookies do not have the ability to attach to a user’s system and damage files. Cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature. However, if your browser is not set to accept cookies you will be unable to access the online reservation service.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
When you make a campsite reservation with the HCA you entrust us with your personal and financial information. The HCA has taken every precaution to safeguard your personal information and ensure that it is used appropriately.
Credit Card Transaction Security has been implemented to ensure the safety of your reservation, personal, and credit card information. This has been done through the use of certificates, multiple methods and levels of data encryption such as Secure Socket Layers (amongst others), as well as other techniques. This website meets the PCI industry standards for security. The Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards Council Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) has been developed to enhance payment account data security. The PCI DSS is a multi-faceted security standard that includes requirements for security management, policies, procedures, network architecture, software design and other critical protective measures.
STATEMENT OF PRIVACY
Personal information that is collected pursuant to the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Personal Privacy Act and will be used for the purposes of reservations, park administration, management and park enforcement. Personally identifiable information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties.
Questions about this collection should be directed to Judy Love, Executive Assistant who oversees Freedom of Information at 905-525-2181 ext 112.
CERTIFICATES
The HCA uses certificates on its website to increase security and to demonstrate that your reservation transaction is safe. Certificates are digital documents that authenticate individuals or organizations. Certificates are typically used to generate confidence in the legitimacy of a certificate holder. They allow verification that we are who we say we are (Hamilton Conservation Authority and our service provider Camis Inc.). Certificates are digital signatures that protect public keys (our unique identifier) from forgery, false representation, or alteration. Certificates are issued by a certifying authority (CA) willing to vouch for the identities of those to whom it issues certificates.
SECURE AND ENCRYPTED COMMUNICATIONS
Secure Socket Layers are a method encrypting and decrypting your data transmissions over the internet to our site. It ensures that no unauthorized parties can “steal” or “see” your data as it makes its way to our site. This is done by jumbling the data into unrecognizable bits that only HCA can unjumble on its site based on a secure “digital key”.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Whats New at Westfield
Art Auction fundraiser on now by Friends of Westfield
December 8, 2020
Sunday Afternoons In December
December 6, 2020
Christmas Decorations At Westfield
November 29, 2020
History At Home – It’s Wash Day
November 15, 2020
Westfield’s Conservation Area Is Open
October 27, 2020
Open seven days a week, from sunrise to sunset, for use of the trails and natural areas.
Westfield is a stunning collection of over 35 historical buildings which has made Westfield one of the most interesting historical destinations in Ontario. Carefully restored and staffed with costumed interpreters, the buildings capture the true charm and spirit of early Canadian culture.
Westfield Heritage Village1049 Kirkwall RoadRockton, Ontario L0R 1X0Phone: 519-621-8851Email: westfield@conservationhamilton.caView Location on Google Maps
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
Toggle Menu Close
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Review Cart
Toggle Menu Close
No products in the cart.
Signup For Our Newsletter!
Join our mailing list and stay up to date on Westfield and our upcoming events!
Subscribe
Home
EducationExpand child menuExpand
Education Programs
VisitExpand child menuExpand
Christmas 2020 Parking Changes
Tickets & RentalsExpand child menuExpand
Admissions & Fees
Facility Rentals
Westfield Weddings
Group Adventures
Conservation Area
Volunteer
Gallery
Tickets
Blog
Contact Us
Events
Toggle Menu Close
Search for:
Search