https://westbrooku.edu/admissions/westbrook-policies/
Home
About
Westbrook History
Founders Message
Endorsements
Affiliations
Academics
Diploma Programs
Iridology
Natural Health
Degree Programs
Degree Requirements
Course Descriptions
Meet the Staff
Administrative Staff
Westbrook Faculty
Admissions
How to Apply
Transfer Students
Tuition and Costs
Westbrook Policies
Forms
Bookstore
Contact Us
Westbrook Policies
Home AdmissionsWestbrook Policies
Refund Policy
Since Westbrook University is a distance learning program, refunds are usually not considered after course materials have been mailed. A detailed description of the reasons for requesting a refund must be submitted in writing. All refunds are subject to approval by the Dean of Students. All refunds are based upon the signed date of the Enrollment Agreement and must be requested in writing, without exceptions. Students have 21 days in which to sign and return the contract before the contract becomes null and void.
Refunds may take from 30-45 days to process
Intake fees, along with application and shipping charges, are non-refundable
Application, technical fees, and shipping fees are non-refundable
The remaining funds are broken down as follows:72 Hours – 75%
30 Days – 50%
60 Days – 25%
Course Cancellation Policy
In the event of a course or program being cancelled or archived, Westbrook University reserves the right to teach the course as is or modify the student’s curriculum with the student’s written permission.
Nondiscrimination Policy
Westbrook University is in compliance with all requirements imposed by or pursuant to Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and section 504, Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Westbrook University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, or physical handicap in its educational programs, activities, or employment policies in accordance with Federal, State, and local laws.
FERPA Policy
By an act of Congress, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) protects the privacy of educational records. The nature of independent study normally requires the dissemination of information by telephone, letter, fax, email or some other distance communication method. Therefore, in order to be in compliance with FERPA, we require the student’s Social Security Number or course access code before releasing any personally identifiable or educational information to the student, counselors, or parents.
It is the students responsibility to acquire any and all State, Province and or Country’s provailing licence requirements and curriculum mandates. This will ensure proficiency standards.
Privacy Policy
Westbrook University respects your right to privacy of the personal information provided. The following Privacy Statement is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated.
Privacy Statement
What is Personal Information?
Personal information includes your name, mailing and email address, social security number, birth date, and other types of data unique to you which you may have voluntarily provided to Westbrook University, usually when called upon to register for a particular service or to submit an inquiry.
How is this information being used?
Westbrook University will not use or disclose personal identifying information without your consent except as follows:
(i) as described in this Privacy Statement, or
(ii) as required by law, court order, or as requested by other governmental or law enforcement authority
Who can I ask if I have any additional questions?
If you have any further questions or concerns about Westbrook University’s privacy policies and use of personal information, please email us westbrookuniversity@gmail.com
Other Student Guidelines
Upon enrollment into Westbrook University, students will receive a Student ID Card and Student Handbook which covers the following areas:
Faculty Contact Information
Rules and Regulations
Book Store Information
Degree ProgramsBachelor of Arts
Addiction Counseling
Clinical Counseling
Psychodynamic Counseling
Human Services
Bachelor of Science
Clinical Nutrition
Holistic Nursing
Natural Health Science
Iridology and Nutrition
Master of Arts
Addiction Counseling
Clinical Counseling
Jungian Psychology
Psychodynamic Counseling
Transpersonal Counseling
Master of Science
Nutrition and Iridology
Holistic Nursing
Nutrition
Doctor of Science
Holistic Health Science/Iridology
Holistic Nursing
Nutrition
Ph.D. Health Science
Doctor of Philosophy
Addiction Counseling
Clinical Psychology
Jungian Psychology
Transpersonal Psychology
Psy. D. Psychology
Doctor of Naturopathy
Doctor of Integrative Medicine
Diploma ProgramsDiploma Programs
Iridology
Natural Health
Contact Us
We're currently offline. Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Send Message
© 2020 · Westbrook University