https://wexarts.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The Wexner Center for the Arts at The Ohio State University recognizes the importance of privacy to our patrons. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit wexarts.org or complete a transaction with the Wexner Center, either online or in person.
The Wexner Center does not collect personally identifying information unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Visitors under the age of 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personally identifying information to wexarts.org.
Information collected by the Wexner Center is used for internal purposes within The Ohio State University. The Wexner Center will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others, but may share some basic information regarding Wexner Center patrons—including name and mailing address, but never email address or any payment information—with other arts organizations on a limited basis; these organizations also agree not to rent or sell this information. If you prefer to not have your information shared, you can opt-out by clicking here.
What information is collected online?
Like all other web servers, The Ohio State University's web server, which hosts wexarts.org, automatically creates log files for visitors accessing our site. These access logs do not record visitor names, addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, or any other personally identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:
The IP address of the machine accessing wexarts.org
The date and time of the visit
The path taken through our website
The browser being used
A list of files downloaded or viewed
Any errors encountered
Data is used to provide answers to specific questions about the usage and performance of the web site or individual web pages. At no time is site usage associated with individual IP addresses.
Third-party services and use of cookies
We use third-party services—such as Google Analytics (including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting), and remarketing services—to help us analyze how visitors to wexarts.org are using the site.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics utilizes first-party cookies in order to:
Determine which domain to measure
Distinguish unique usersRemember the number and time of previous visits
Remember traffic source information
Determine the start and end of a session
Remember the value of visitor-level custom variables
We use data from Google Analytics (such as age, gender, and interests) to provide better, more relevant content to users of wexarts.org.
If you would prefer that Google Analytics not have access to this information, you can choose to disable this tracking via Google's currently available opt-outs for the web.
We use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to users of this site. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on users' visits to wexarts.org. Any data collected is anonymous and is used in accordance with this privacy policy, as well as Google’s privacy policy.
Transactions made with the Wexner Center
Transactions made with the Wexner Center include such interactions as ticket reservations and purchases, membership purchases and donations, and purchases made from our store. In the process of these transactions, the Wexner Center collects personally identifying information when you choose to provide that information to us. This information may be used to contact you with future programming that may be of interest to you; you may opt out of these messages at any time.
The Wexner Center periodically hosts events that have been booked by an external event organizer. Events ticketed through the Wexner Center’s ticketing service on behalf of an external event organizer may be subject to an amended privacy policy. Any changes to the privacy policy for a specific event will be indicated in the purchase policies for those events.
The Wexner Center does not store credit card information from any transaction, whether it be online, in person, or in the Wexner Center Store.
Communicating with you
When you choose to provide it, we will use your information to send you information about our programs including our weekly newsletter; you may opt out of these messages at any time. We also use your information to communicate with you about transactions you make with the Wexner Center, keep you informed of our policies and terms, and respond to you when you contact us.
Updates and contact information
The Wexner Center and The Ohio State University reserves the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of wexarts.org constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
If you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy, data use, or to request your data be removed, please contact us via email at privacy@wexarts.org. For questions about The Ohio State University’s plan for GDPR, please see the GDPR Interim Statement.
Updated April 4, 2019.