https://wsb.wisc.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Menu
Search Wisconsin School of Business
Current Students
Alumni
Companies
News
Apply
Visit
Give
Programs
Faculty & Research
Centers & Initiatives
About Us
Search Wisconsin School of Business
Home icon
Home
X
Programs
Faculty & Research
Centers & Initiatives
About Us
Alumni & Giving
Companies & Recruiting
News
Current Students
Apply
Visit
Give
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and how we use it. The terms “we” and “us” refer to the Wisconsin School of Business at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and our websites, including this website (the Website). The term “University” refers to the University of Wisconsin–Madison as a whole. By using the Website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy.
To help us assess our content and navigational features, and to develop ways to improve them, we may collect overall usage data. Occasionally we may use a commercial service to collect data about Website usage. We collect information that you volunteer such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other information necessary to process your request. We never sell or share the information you provide to parties beyond the University. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
We automatically collect and store certain non-personal information in the course of your use of the Website. This information may include your browser type, domain names, IP address, geolocation, unique device identifier, search criteria used, content viewed, the emails and phone numbers that you contact through the Website, the pages you view, access times, and referring website addresses. This information is used by us to analyze and track user behavior, personalize your experience, provide statistics regarding usage of the Website, and display relevant advertising. We may use “cookies” and similar technology in connection with your use of the Website. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive. Cookies contain information—including personal information—that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies may reside on your computer, in emails we send you, and on our web pages. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Website. In some cases, our third-party service providers may also use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies on our sites.
In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies, including single-pixel gifs (also known as web beacons) on our Website and in promotional email messages or newsletters. Web beacons allow us to measure the actions of a user opening the page that contained the web beacon. We use web beacons to assist us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters, improve user experience, and manage site content. When you click on a link on a page with a web beacon, we may record your response to customize our offerings to you. We may use this information to tailor advertising to you on social media, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, and YouTube.
The Wisconsin School of Business occasionally uses Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA), sometimes called “interest-based advertising.” OBA uses information collected across multiple websites that you visit—including this site—to predict your preferences or infer interests and to show you ads that are more likely to be of interest to you, including advertisements for the Wisconsin School of Business at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Information about how you can opt out of third-party use of OBA cookies is found here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
The Wisconsin School of Business may also use Google Analytics to collect site usage data and to analyze overall usage of the site. Google Analytics uses cookies in your web-browsing software to track user sessions so that it can collect data about how users view and navigate the site across sessions and devices. The data collected never includes names, usernames, or email addresses. Individual IP addresses are collected, but they are not associated with individual users other than as noted above.
User-ID Feature for Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics on the Website makes use of a feature called User-ID. This setup allows for more accurate tracking of users by associating that user with the same ID over various sessions and devices. It is set up in a way that doesn’t allow Google to personally identify an individual or permanently identify a particular device. The User-ID extension might make it possible to connect data from Google Analytics with other data provided by the user.
You may prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s website along with Google’s Privacy Policy.
Google Maps API(s) (Google Inc.)
The Wisconsin School of Business may also use Google Maps API(s) along with your geolocation to personalize your experience and provide location-based services. Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows the Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. For more information on Google Maps, please visit Google’s website along with Google’s Privacy Policy.
Email Marketing and Marketing Automation Systems
We also use Email Marketing and Marketing Automation Systems (Marketing Systems) to help us recruit and engage members of our community through marketing campaigns. Marketing Systems tracking methods are utilized by a range of University websites, which enables the University to measure website usage across the University. In addition to anonymous tracking, and only if you choose to directly submit your personal information on certain University web forms, we will then also track your use of University websites in combination with personal information that you have shared with the University via other sources. This combination of information will be shared only with appropriate, authorized University staff.
What We Do with Your Information
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Under no circumstances do we rent, trade, or share your personal information with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We use your personal information for internal purposes such as processing and keeping you informed.
Direct Marketing
Where we have your express or implied consent, or where we are otherwise permitted by law, we may periodically send you email about services, events, and learning opportunities at the Wisconsin School of Business, or other announcements we think you might find interesting. We may send this information by mail, email, SMS, and telephone. If you do not wish to receive such emails in the future, contact us, or please click the “unsubscribe” link on any promotional email, SMS, or other commercial message you receive from us.
It is not our intent to collect personal data from children under the age of 13. We request that children under the age of 13 not submit personal data to us through our websites.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
When you use our Website, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt the transfer of all information between your computer and our servers, including to any third-party servers we contract with as described above. If you choose to submit personally identifiable information to the website or Marketing Systems described above, that information is furthermore encrypted at all times during storage when required by law.
Other Websites
The Wisconsin School of Business website contains links to other independently run websites within the University of Wisconsin–Madison network and to some sites outside the “wisc.edu” domain. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
rev. December 21, 2017 (12/21/2017)
Back to Top