https://www.pdma.org/page/privacy_policy
PDMA Data Privacy Policy - Product Development and Management Association
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny
Sign In | Join PDMA
Toggle navigationMENUkHUBCHAPTERSEVENTSPUBLICATIONSCERTIFICATIONSTORE
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
PDMA Data Privacy Policy
Share
|
GDPR Opt In
Introduction
The Product Development and Management Association (PDMA) is a global community of professional members whose skills, expertise and experience power the most recognized and respected innovative companies in the world. We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This privacy policy describes our policies and practices regarding collection and use of your personal data, and sets forth your privacy rights. We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will continue to update this privacy policy as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.
Applicability and Eligibility
This privacy policy applies to our collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your data. It does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services. Before accessing, using, or interacting with our services, carefully review the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use our services if you are under the age of 16.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information about our members and other customers. This information includes, but is not limited to, first name, last name, job title, employer name, work address, work email, and work phone number. This information is used to provide members and customers with goods and services, including membership services, event notifications, certification, training, and more. We do not sell personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of our services.
Membership
When you become a member, we collect information about you including (but not limited to) your name, your employer’s name, your work address, and your email address. We may also collect your personal email address, a personal mailing address, and a mobile phone number. Members may voluntarily provide additional information in their membership profile, such as information about their educational background, number of years in the industry, and the like. Members may edit their profile at any time to change, add, or remove personal information.
We process your personal information for membership administration, to deliver member benefits, and to inform you of our events, content, and other benefits or opportunities associated with your membership. We may also use this information to help us understand our members’ needs and interests to better tailor our products and services to meet your needs.
Events and Webcasts
We host events throughout the year, including our annual conference, JPIM Research Forum, webcasts, and trainings (collectively “events”). If you are a member and register for one of our events, we will access the information in your member account to provide you with information and services associated with the event. If you are not a member and you register for one of our events, we will collect your name and contact information, which we will store in our database and use to provide you with information and services associated with the event. If you are a presenter at one of our events, we will collect information about you including your name, employer and contact information, and photograph, and we may also collect information provided by event attendees who evaluated your performance as a presenter. As an attendee, speaker, or sponsor/exhibitor, we will keep a record of your participation to provide you with post-event information including details on upcoming events you may be interested in.
We reserve the right to use any photograph/video taken at our events, without the expressed written permission of those included within the photograph/video. We may use the photograph/video in publications or other media material produced, used or contracted including but not limited to: brochures, invitations, books, newspapers, magazines, television, websites, etc. To ensure the privacy of individuals, images will not be identified using full names or personal identifying information without written approval from the photographed subject.
Publications
In addition to producing original content, we also subscribe to news feeds and blogs produced by others, which we often link to from our website. This means you may find yourself on our website or reading an email where we will offer you a link to another organization’s website for additional relevant content. At these times, you will be leaving our website. We are not responsible or liable for content provided by these third party websites or personal information they may happen to gather from you.
You may wish to subscribe to some of our publications without becoming a member. To receive our mailings/newsletters by email, you will need to create a profile with us, which involves providing us with at least your first name and last name, an email address, and the country in which you live. We do not share this information with any third party other than to store the information in our database.
You may manage your subscriptions by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. If you have any difficulties managing your email or other communication preferences, please contact us at data@pdma.org.
Correspondence Information
If you correspond with us by email, the postal service, or other form of communication, we may retain such correspondence and the information contained in it and use it to respond to your inquiry; to notify you of our conferences, publications, or other services; or to keep a record of your complaint, accommodation request, etc. Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications by following the unsubscribe process described in an email communication, or by contacting our office directly.
Access to Your Information
Certain tools and settings are provided to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal information.  We welcome you to contact us regarding the information we have collected about you, including the nature and accuracy of the data collected about you, to request an update, modification, or deletion of your information, to opt-out of certain services, or to withdraw any consent you may have granted. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection and use of your information, certain features may no longer be available to you.
Purposes for Processing Your Data
As explained above, we process your data to provide you with the goods or services you have requested or purchased from us, including membership services, events, publications and other content, certification, and training. We use this information to refine our goods and services to better tailor them to your needs and to communicate with you about other services we offer that may assist you in your career or otherwise help you to advance your career.
Payment Information
We may collect and store information related to purchases if you choose to purchase goods and services from us. You may provide certain information to complete payments, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your name and billing, and shipping address, to complete payment transactions. Per PCI Compliance, we do not accept credit card information via email. Credit card information received via fax, phone, or mail is entered into a secure system and then deleted and destroyed.
Website Usage
As is true of most other websites, our website collects certain information automatically and stores it in log files. The information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of our website, including a history of the pages you view. We use this information to help us design our site to better suit our users’ needs. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information to assist us in identifying visitor preferences. Our website also uses cookies and web beacons. It does not track users when they cross to third party websites or provide targeted advertising to them, and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Sharing Information
Information about your purchases are maintained in association with your membership or profile account. The personal information we collect from you is stored in a database hosted by a third party, YourMembership (“YM”). YM does not use or have access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage and retrieval.
We do not otherwise reveal your personal data to third-parties for their independent use unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) it’s in connection with any of our events as described above; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others; (4) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf; (5) to address emergencies or acts of God; and (6) to address disputes, claims, or to persons demonstrating legal authority to act on your behalf.
Our website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or share information from our website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal data.
Member Directory
Members are allowed to share their information through our Member Directory to other members using this site. Members are invited to opt-in to having their information shared in the Member Directory. Member information will only be shared in the Member Directory if the member has opted-in to sharing such information.
Changes and Updates to the Privacy Policy
By using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this privacy policy. As our organization, membership, and benefits change from time to time, this privacy policy is expected to change as well. We reserve the right to amend the privacy policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended privacy policy on our website. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and terms and conditions and will e-mail members of material changes.
Questions/Concerns?
We are headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, in the United States. If  you have any questions or concerns about our data policies or practices, contact information is below:
Barb Mann
PDMA
Director of Member Services
1000 Westgate Dr, Ste 252
St. Paul, MN 55114 USA
Phone: 1+ 651-290-6280
Email: data@pdma.org
Sign In
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't joined yet?
PDMA News and Press
more
7/21/2020Body of Knowledge, 2nd Edition Now Available!
8/24/2020PDMA October Webcast: Beyond Methodologies
7/28/2020PDMA Announces Outstanding Corporate Innovator Award Finalists
Calendar
more
10/15/2020PDMA Webcast: Beyond Methodologies10/20/2020PDMA Carolinas: Envisioning the Intelligent Era: Scenarios for the Digital Future 202810/22/2020PDMA Pgh: Design for Sustainability: Practical Strategies for Value-Driven Product Development
1000 Westgate Drive, Suite 252 St. Paul, Minnesota 55114 USA tel: 1-651-290-6280 fax: 1-651-290-2266
pdma@pdma.org
Sitemap | Email Deliverability
About
Leadership
Foundation
Volunteer
News
FAQs
Contact Us
Membership
Join/Renew
Member Central
Member Profile
Member Directory
Chapters
JPIM Online Access
Online Community
Events & Programs
Upcoming Events
Annual Conference
JPIM Research Forum
OCI - Outstanding Corporate Innovator Award
Academic Central
Advertising
Training & Certification
NPD Professional Certification
Registered Education Providers
Local Events
Webcasts
Body of Knowledge
Resources
Online Community
PDMA kHUB
PDMA Publications
Career Center
Store
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 PDMA. All rights reserved.
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal