https://www.uarts.edu/about/privacy-policy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy Statement
<< Back to Policies and Regulations
Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.uarts.edu, the main University of the Arts (UArts) website. Please note that other UArts units and affiliates may have separate privacy policies. By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What information do we gather about you?
We and our third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of www.uarts.edu, such as your IP address, device and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on www.uarts.edu will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We might use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing our website. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information. We may also collect other information as described in this policy.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information you share with us voluntarily for systems administration purposes, to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this policy. If you send us an email, the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. We will not distribute, sell, or authorize any third party to use your email address without your permission.  User information may be shared with third parties only to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to our website visitors. For example, we use third parties such as Facebook and Google to generate reports on site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and user interests in order to optimize our website. We prohibit any of these third parties from using or sharing user information for any other purpose. We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.
How is this information collected and how can you opt out?
Google and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. For more information on Google Analytics, consult their terms of use, privacy practices and ads settings. You can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Other Websites and Cookies
This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Soundcloud or other social media services for which www.uarts.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Information Protection
This site has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and modification of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Users Located in the European Economic Area
If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the “European Economic Area”), you can learn more about ways that University of the Arts, may collect, use, and share information about you.
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page and reflected in the revision
Last Revision
November 2018.
Contact Us
If you have any question, complaint, or comment related to this Privacy Policy Statement, please contact the University's Privacy Officer as follows:
We can be reached by postal service at:
University Privacy Officer
Office of Advancement
The University of the Arts
320 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, PA 19102
We can be reached via email at info@uarts.edu or you can reach us by telephone at 215-717-6411.
In this section
Notice Of Non-Discrimination And Equal Opportunity
Intellectual Property Policy