https://www.balliol.ox.ac.uk/balliol-college-cookie-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Balliol College Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file that is delivered by our website server on to your computer while you visit our website, which can be used by the website to identify devices and thereby remember your website preferences. Most cookies will not collect information that identifies the individual and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our website, or a user’s general location.
Different types of cookies operate for different amounts of time. Session cookies are temporary and expire once you close your browser (or once your session ends). The session cookies we use do not have any identifiable information in them except to make your browsing experience work. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive until you erase them, or your browser does, depending on the cookie’s expiration date. All persistent cookies have an expiration date written into their code, but their duration can vary.
Cookies may be first-party cookies, which are put on your device directly by the website you are visiting, or third-party cookies, placed on your device by a third party like an advertiser or an analytic system.
How we collect your data
We collect your data automatically via cookies when you visit our website, in line with cookie settings in your browser and your customised cookie settings.
We also use cookies to track your activity to help ensure you get the smoothest possible experience when visiting our website. We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns which do not identify any individual.
There is more information about data we collect from you (including personal information we collect from you when you contact us via the website in order to enable the provision of certain services (e.g. prospectus ordering or registering for an event) in our Privacy Policy.
Types of cookies we use
necessary cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the site. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember when you have been on the internet.
statistics cookies, also known as performance cookies, collect information about how you use our website, such as which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. These cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. Their sole purpose is to give us insight into how the website is being used and help us improve it. We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website.
preferences cookies, also known as functionality cookies, allow the website to remember choices you have made in the past, like what language you prefer, what region you would like weather reports for, or what your user name and password are so you can automatically log in.
targeting cookies: we also use a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie when a client interacts with a marketing communication, such as a marketing email or a marketing bases landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal data, such as your name, which pages you visit on our website and your history arriving at our website. Collected information is used to evaluate the effectiveness or our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for marketing.
Third-party cookies
On some pages of our website cookies have been set that are not related to Balliol College. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these third-party service providers may set their own cookies on your device. Balliol College does not control the use of these third-party cookies and cannot access them. Please check the third-party websites for more information about these cookies.
Your cookie preferences
The first time you accessed our website you should have seen a banner which explains that by clicking ‘OK, I agree’, you consent to our use of cookies as outlined above.
If have not already clicked either button, you will see the banner below.
If you consent to our use of cookies as outlined above, click ‘OK, I agree’
If you wish to disable our cookies, click ‘No thanks’ in the banner below.
If you have agreed to our use of cookies:
You can find out more about the Google Analytics Privacy Policy on Google’s website. You can request that Google does not track you via the ‘Do Not Track’ option on your browser or by logging into Google and opting out.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit All About Cookies.
Alumni website
The web pages for Balliol alumni are hosted on a different site and have a different cookie policy. You can read the cookie policy for the alumni webpages here.
Further information
If you have any queries or concerns about privacy on this website, please contact us.
You can see our Privacy Policy on the Policies and Statutes page.
Balliol College is a registered charity in England and Wales (No. 1144032)All content © Balliol CollegeSite by Agile Collective
AboutAcademic Life
Student Life
Buildings and Gardens
History
Remarkable Alumni
College Magazine
PeopleFellowsSenior Members
Honorary Fellows
Emeritus Fellows
Foundation Fellows
College Lecturers
Academic Visitors
College Officers
Students
Staff by Department
VacanciesAcademic vacancies
College jobs
CoursesUndergraduate CoursesBiology
Biomedical Sciences
Chemistry
Classical Archaeology and Ancient History
Classics
Classics and Modern Languages
Classics with Oriental Studies
Computer Science
Computer Science and Philosophy
Economics and Management
Engineering Science
English Language and Literature
English and Modern Languages
History (Ancient and Modern)
History
History and Economics
History and English
History and Modern Languages
History and Politics
Law (Jurisprudence) and Law Studies in Europe
Mathematics
Mathematics and Computer Science
Mathematics and Philosophy
Mathematics and Statistics
Medicine
Modern Languages
Modern Languages and Linguistics
Oriental Studies
Philosophy and Modern Languages
Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE)
Physics
Physics and Philosophy
Postgraduate Courses
AdmissionsSchools and OutreachOpen Days
School Visits
Outreach Talks and Events
Floreat Access Programme
Outreach Resources
Undergraduate Prospectus
Undergraduate AdmissionsWhy Balliol?
Accommodation
Applying to Balliol
Finance and Support
Living Costs at Balliol
Disability
Frequently Asked Questions
Organ Scholarship
Graduate AdmissionsWhy Balliol?
Holywell Manor Community
Scholarships
Applying to Balliol
College Selection Criteria
Fees and Living Costs
Frequently Asked Questions
Visit UsMaps and Directions
Virtual Tour
Contact Us
CoronavirusUndergraduate COVID-19 Rules
Graduate Centre COVID-19 Rules
Common Spaces Information
COVID-19 Testing NHS
COVID-19 Testing University Service
Teaching Spaces
Current MembersFreshers' e-Guide
Useful Links
College Handbook
Wellbeing and WelfareHealth
Emergencies
Accommodation: Graduates
Accommodation: Undergraduates
Financial Information
Financial Support
Food
Graduation
ICT ServicesStudent ICT Facilities and Services
Computing Rules
FAQ
Internet Access
Network Essentials
VPN Access
Workstations
Printing
Master's Field Project
Policies and Statutes
Publications
Prize Holders
Scholarship and Exhibition Holders
NurseryAims
Rules and Conditions
Policies
Balliol Interdisciplinary Institute
LibraryUsing the LibraryLibrary Rules
Historic Collections
Exhibitions and Outreach
Library HistoryBuildings and Stained Glass
Busts, Statues and Portraits
Library Contacts
ChapelChapel Services
Non-Christian Faith Groups
Weddings in Chapel
History of the Chapel
Host an EventConferencesConference Tariff
Accommodation
Dining
Enquiry Form
What Our Clients Say
Alumni