http://www.ls.cc.al.us/human_resources/faculty_staff_online_handbook/academic_programs_policies.aspx
DISCOVER LSCC
Meet the Interim President
Campus History
Mission, Values, Goals/Indicators
Accreditation Information
Title III
Academic Calendar
Campus Locations & Directions
Public Relations
New Stories/Releases
PR Staff
Contact Us
Publications
Community Affairs
Request Information
Ambassadors
Foundation Board
Events Gallery
Speakers Bureau
Privacy Policy
Virtual Backgrounds
Graduation 2020
Contact Us!
Consumer Information
Request a Tour
Tell A Friend about LSCC
Apply Now!
Lawson State Facts!
LSCC Retention Data
Student Achievement
Get the LSCC Free App!
QEP: R.A.C.E
QEP: Student Advising Hub
QEP: Registration Portal
Everything QEP
Contact Us!
About the Q.E.P
ADMISSIONS & RECORDS
Admissions Office & Records Office (Home Page)
Transcript Requests
Contact an Enrollment Specialist!
Admissions Information
Admission Procedures for All Students
Admissions Appeals (Suspensions)
Admissions Staff
AP, CLEP and IB Information
Apply Now
Cost to Attend
Dual Enrollment & Accelerated HS Student
Financial Aid
Forms
GED
Honors College
International Students
Non High School Graduates (ATB)
Readmission of Former Students
Residency
Student Suite
Transfer Students
Transient Students
Tuition Management System (TMS)
Student Records (Registrar) Information
Academic Calendar
Bookstore
Current Catalog and Archived Catalogs
Course Descriptions
Degrees/Certificates
Graduation Information
Reverse Transfer
e-Withdrawal & Add/Drops
Exam Schedule
Forms (Online)
Financial Aid
GPA Calculator
Grades
President’s/Dean’s Lists
Records/Registrar Staff
Register Now
Schedule of Classes
Scholarship Information
Student Records Policy (FERPA)
Tuition and Fees
Announcements
Register Now!
Dual Enrollment
Dual Enrollment (Start Here!)
Track 1
Track 2
Track 3
Track 4
Track 5
DE Eligibility & Restrictions
Grant Supported Program Listing
Books & ID
Orientation
Support
Campus Maps
GED
Apply Now!
Placement Assessment
Contact Us / Information Request
Registration Guide
Admissions Chat
FINANCIAL AID
Financial Aid (Home Page)
Getting Started!
Financial Aid 101
Parents
Current Students
Prospective Students
Veterans Benefits
Application Steps
Step 1 - How to Apply
Step 2 - Additional Documentation
Step 3 - Application Review
Step 4 -How Aid is Awarded
Step 5 - Receiving Financial Aid
Support Resources
Financial Aid Calculators
How to Request a Copy of Your Tax Return
Are You Required to File a Tax Return
NSLDS Student Access
Paying Your Bill
Scams and Identity Theft
Types of Financial Aid
Grants
Scholarships
Work Study Program
Cost of Attendance
FAQ’s
Documents and Forms
Policies
Award Notification/Conditions
Eligibility Requirements
Drug Conviction and Financial Aid Eligibility
Satisfactory Academic Progress
Verification
Policies & Procedures
Withdrawal
Official Withdrawal
Unofficial Withdrawal (Dropping Out)
Non-Attendance Notification
Return of Title IV Formula
Title IV Funds
Non-Title IV Aid
60% Date
Apply Now!
STUDENT SERVICES
Student Services (Home Page)
ASPIRE 2030: Student Success Committee
Bookstore, Police (On Campus Services)
Bookstore
Career Services
Current Job Postings
Posting Jobs and Internships
Alumni Network
Surveys
Counseling
Forms
Services
Community Resources Manual
FAQ
Meet the Staff
Contact Us--Counselors
Counseling Seminars, Activities & Events
Disability Services (ADA)
Meet & Contact ADA Counselors
Prospective Students (Start Here!)
Accommodation Services
The Accomodations Process
Report It!--Accommodations Issues
Documentation Requirements
Support Services
Student Responsibilities
Faculty & Staff (ADA Resources)
TRiO Programs (SSS and Upward Bound)
Testing and Assessment Services
Ability to Benefit
American College Test (ACT)
Accuplacer
ACT Residual Testing
CAAP
Bootcamp (Online)
Athletics
Pre-Enrollment Orientation
Student Health and Wellness
Student Discipline
Housing and Residential Life
HOUSING Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)
RA Incident Reporting Form
Support Resources (for Students)
Disability (ADA)
Libraries
Space Center (Retention, Tutoring, Counseling)
Technical Support Helpdesk
Online Tutoring Center
TRIO Programs (Upward Bound & SSS)
Student Activities
Clubs and Organizations
Honor Societies
Events Calendar
Student Government Association
Community Service
Intramural Sports
Miss Lawson State & Court
L-Day 2019 Flyer
Admissions Information
Registration and Student Records (Registrar) Information
Title IX--Everything You Need to Know
Title IX: Video (Facts)
Contact the Title IX Coordinator
Student Activities Calendar
SPACE Center
Virtual Fall Registration eGuidebook
PROGRAMS
Catalog and Student Handbook
LSCC Programs
Business Technologies Division
College Transfer Division
Technical Division
Health Professions Programs
All Programs (Listing)
Developmental Education
GED
Adult Education
Dual Enrollment
Workforce Training
Dual Enrollment
CTEL Training (Register Here)
Honors College
STARS
Apply Now!
AAMU@LSCC
Programs of Study and CIP Codes
GED
Adult Education
Workforce Development
HUMAN RESOURCES
Human Resources
Full-Time & Part-Time Employment
e-Verify
Job Interest Card
Continuous & Temporary Postings
Internal Postings
Non-Discrimination Policy
HR Forms
New Employees (Start Here!)
Salary & Benefits
Summary of Benefits
Leave
Health Insurance
Teachers' Retirement System
Employee Tuition Waiver
ADA (Employee Information)
Employee Handbook
Faculty & Staff Online Handbook
General Information
Employment Responsibilities
Communications
Policies & Procedures
Academic Programs & Policies
Employee Benefits
Tenure, Promotion, Salary & More
Employment Advancement
Annual Evaluation
Faculty & Staff Training
Adjunct Faculty (Requirements)
Complaint Process
Human Resources
Discipline
Tech Support
Emergency Preparedness
Computer Use: Do's & Dont's
Business & Finance
Maintenance Procedures
Travel
Campus Security
Cougar Alert
Privacy Policy
Student Code of Conduct
Student Handbook
Online Catalog
Testing Guidelines at Lawson State
Annual Performance Evaluation
File a Concern/Complaint
Professional Development
Contact Us--Human Resources
ACCS Job Postings
ATHLETICS
Athletics (Home Page)
Athletic Directory
Men's Baseball
Schedule
Roster
Baseball Staff
News
Player Questionnaire
Men’s Basketball
Schedule
Roster
Men's Basketball Staff
Women’s Basketball
Schedule
Roster
Women's Basketball Staff
Women's Volleyball
Volleyball Roster
Schedule
Volleyball Staff
Cheerleaders
Roster
Image Gallery
Dance Team
Dance Team Staff
Title IX
Sports Medicine
FISCAL
Tuition and Fee Schedule
Vendor Forms
Direct Deposit Information (for Students)
VIRTUAL ADVISING CTR.
MyLAWSON
CAMPUS!
BLACKBOARD
EMAIL LOGIN
STUDENT SUITE
FACULTY SUITE
HELP DESK (Technical Support)
HUMAN RESOURCES
Home
»
HUMAN RESOURCES
»
Faculty & Staff Online Handbook » Academic Programs & Policies
Human Resources
Full-Time & Part-Time Employment
Continuous & Temporary Postings
Internal Postings
Non-Discrimination Policy
HR Forms
New Employees (Start Here!)
Salary & Benefits
ADA (Employee Information)
Employee Handbook
Faculty & Staff Online Handbook
General Information
Employment Responsibilities
Communications
Policies & Procedures
Academic Programs & Policies
Employee Benefits
Tenure, Promotion, Salary & More
Employment Advancement
Annual Evaluation
Faculty & Staff Training
Adjunct Faculty (Requirements)
Complaint Process
Human Resources
Discipline
Tech Support
Emergency Preparedness
Computer Use: Do's & Dont's
Business & Finance
Maintenance Procedures
Travel
Campus Security
Cougar Alert
Privacy Policy
Student Code of Conduct
Student Handbook
Online Catalog
Testing Guidelines at Lawson State
Annual Performance Evaluation
File a Concern/Complaint
Professional Development
Contact Us--Human Resources
ACCS Job Postings
Birmingham Campus
3060 Wilson Road, SW
Birmingham, AL 35221
Phone: 205.925.2515
Fax: 205.925.3716
A-Z Web Index Bessemer Campus
1100 Ninth Avenue SW
Bessemer, AL 35022
Phone: 205.925.2515
Fax: 205.424.5119
Academic Programs and Policies
Click here to access information on Lawson State's academic programs (both General Education and Career Technical).
Academic Policies
Syllabi:  All faculty are expected to use the standard Alabama Community College System syllabi template in the construction of course syllabi.  Departments have the authority (via the collective agreement of faculty in a department) to either use a shared template (outlining specific requirements for students per course) or can elect to enable faculty (on an individual basis) to devise their own syllabi or use a hybrid version, meaning some aspects of the syllabi are universal and other aspects are not.  In the end, all faculty have the ability to always supplement their syllabi, but they cannot opt out of key course criteria that has been agreed upon by collective faculty (through consensus).  For example, if the English Department deems that teaching MLS Style in ENG101 (English Composition) is an important objective for the meeting of clear standards of performance in ENG101, an instructor (full or part-time) cannot opt out of that decision.  He or she can, however, teach students both MLA Style and APA Style, if they so select.  Syllabi must be posted in Blackboard within all classes.
Textbooks and Textbook Selection:  Textbook selection is a faculty responsibility.  All courses at Lawson State must use the same textbook for both Dual Enrollment and regular ground courses.  eCollege courses (distance education) can elect to use a different textbook (typically an eBook) for their Distance Education classes.  However, all eBooks (for the same class) must be the same.  All textbook changes MUST be approved by the Textbook Committee.  Textbook changes should NEVER occur during the middle of the school year. Textbook changes should only take place between school years, not school terms.  In selecting textbooks it is important that the majority of faculty teaching the course have a role in selecting the new textbook.  Textbook selection is not an administrative function; it is a faculty function.
Curriculum:  Changes in curriculum, including modifications to existing curriculum, is a faculty responsibility guided in part by instructional administrators.  In other words, it is a shared responsibility.  Curriculum changes should never be solely led, though, by administration.  Faculty input and decision making, then, is at its core.  Curriculum created by salaried faculty for the use and purpose of improved student learning (including the production of eCollege courses) are owned by the College, not the instructor.  This includes all materials and resources created by the salaried employee for the purposes of instructing Lawson State students.
Academic Freedom:  Employees at Lawson State are provided with the academic freedom to teach their subject matter without intrusion.  "Academic Freedom is not equivalent to one's First Amendment Rights; it is more narrow...there are boundaries (view video below for more insight) (Kateeb, Lewis and Hamoush, 2010).   Academic Freedom does not mean, though, that an instructor does not have to follow the outlined College curriculum or can inject (as Case Law as determined) controversial topics or insensitive examples that are expressly intended to incite that are not related to the subject matter being taught (e.g., Fiticious Example:  expressing one's disagreement with a controversial decision (Roe vs. Wade) reached by the Supreme Court and asking students who feel otherwise to drop your class, and you teach music).  Faculty, as part of Academic Freedom, should participate in all textbook, curriculum adoption and modification meetings and provide input on all decision.
Click on the Academic Freedom picture below to access LSCC's Academic Freedom Policy.
Click here to learn more about the definition of Academic Freedom. Click here for more information and resources on Academic Freedom.
Resources on Academic Freedom:
1940 Statement on Academic Freedom (A Must Read) Also, read this detailed PDF paper on Academic Freedom
View this short presentation on the history and legal entanglements of Academic Freedom.
Click here is the "Academic Freedom" link above does not work:
http://www.aaup.org/NR/rdonlyres/4C126513-1194-4317-8123-459BD9F30A6D/0/Stetson2011AcadFreedomFirstAmdmtoutline.pdf
(Kateeb, Lewis and Hamoush, 2010).
Institution Academic Freedom:  The College has Institutional Academic Freedom which is designed to protect the Curriculum and the College's mission and ensure it is meeting the needs of all students in the acquiring of college credit for all courses.  Click here to  learn more about Institutional Academic Freedom.
Complaints:  Student complaints or faculty complaints are all investigated by the College.  If a complaint is brought to a faculty member, it is the obligation of the faculty member to report the complaint to the proper authorities at the college.   Faculty are considered state agents.  Violation of student rights is a serious matter.  Thus, is it important to recognize that as an employee of Lawson State one is representing the College, not self.  Failing to report a complaint is serious and can lead to civil responsibility, particularly if the complaint deals with a federal law (e.g., Title IX, ADA, FERPA, etc...).  The role of the administrator is to provide a fair and neutral process and to come up with a remedy to a conflict that is both reasonable and adheres to policy, state and federal laws.  Thus, as a salaried employee, he or she should work to deescalate conflicts, not escalate conflicts.  All students and other employees should be treated respectfully and fairly at all times.  Rudeness or providing poor customer service is never acceptable.  Click here to learn more about the Complaint Process at Lawson State.
Grade Appeals:  Lawson State has as detailed Grade Appeals Process that is outlined in the Student Handbook (see icon above).  Grade Appeals center on final grades, not individual grades.  Students wishing to final a Grade Appeal must do so via the Advocate Online System.  For more information on Lawson State's Grade Appeal Process, Click Here.