https://www.uasys.edu/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerAbout
Campuses & Units
Leadership
System Office
Policies
News
Benefits
Campus Resources
Home / PrivacyThe University of Arkansas System is committed to your right to privacy. Any and all information collected on this website is kept strictly confidential and is not disclosed without prior consent. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
The UA System does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected on our site.
The UA System in some cases analyzes web site logs and first-person cookies to constantly improve the value of the materials available on related websites. The web site logs and cookies are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals who browse the site.
Use of cookies:
Cookies may be used on some areas of UA System websites
The UA System may use cookies to make the use of our web site easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. In most cases, a visitor can refuse a cookie and still fully navigate the site.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information:
The UA System collects very little personally identifiable information from visitors. Usually, data is only collected when a visitor requests additional information, registers for specialized areas of the site, or voluntarily submits information or comments.
As a public entity, eVersity is required to comply with the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act (FOI) (Ark. Code Ann. § 25-19-101) and may be required to disclose public records maintained by the University unless such records are specifically exempted by federal or state law.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information:
Information obtained by the site is used only for the intended purpose stated when information is collected. Data is not used for secondary or unrelated purposes, or shared with a third party, unless otherwise disclosed at the point of collection. If their information may be shared, visitors will be asked for permission beforehand.
Legal Notices
Copyright
All content included on Uasys.edu and affiliated websites including but not limited to text, graphics and images, is, unless otherwise noted, copyrighted under United States law and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on Uasys.edu is the exclusive property of the UA System and protected by United States and international copyright laws. No use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is permitted without the written permission of the appropriate authorized UA System representative.
Report Copyright Infringements
To report possible copyright infringements on Uasys.edu or affiliated websites, please notify:
UA System Office of General Counsel
2404 N. University
Little Rock, AR 72207
Telephone: 501-686-2500
Trademarks
Any and all trademarks, servicemarks and trade names associated with the UA System or Uasys.edu shall not be used in connection with any product or service that is not associated with the UA System or Uasys.edu, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits either entity.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of the UA System or any third party.
No Client Relationship
No client, advisory, fiduciary or professional relationship is implicated or established on behalf of the UA System by viewing this site. Neither the UA System nor any employee, agent or representative, in connection is engaged in consultation or rendering of any other professional services or advice.
Disclaimers; Limitation of liabilities
Uasys.edu is provided by the UA System on an “as is” basis. The UA System makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content or materials included on this site. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the UA System disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The UA System is not liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of Uasys.edu, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other damages whatsoever (including liability for loss of use, data or profits).
The UA System may provide links to other sites that are not maintained by the UA System neither monitors nor endorses other sites nor does it make any representations or warranties with respect thereto.
Applicable law
The terms of use found on this site are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of Arkansas, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these terms of use are unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of remaining terms.
Primary SidebarRecent News
Contact Us
University of Arkansas System
2404 North University Avenue
Little Rock, Arkansas 72207
(501) 686-2500
Staff Directory | Privacy Policy
Accessibility issues? Email: feedback@uasys.edu
UA System Internal Audit Fraud Hotline: (866) 252-9838
FooterUniversities
University of Arkansas, Fayetteville
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences
University of Arkansas at Little Rock
University of Arkansas at Monticello
University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff
University of Arkansas at Fort Smith
University of Arkansas System eVersity
Two-Year Colleges
Phillips Community College of the University of Arkansas
University of Arkansas Community College at Hope-Texarkana
University of Arkansas Community College at Batesville
Cossatot Community College of the University of Arkansas
University of Arkansas Community College at Morrilton
University of Arkansas Community College at Rich Mountain
University of Arkansas Pulaski Technical College
Other Units
Division of Agriculture
Arkansas Archeological Survey
Criminal Justice Institute
Arkansas School for Mathematics, Sciences and the Arts
Winthrop Rockefeller Institute
University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service