https://www.scantron.com/legal/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Read Our EU Privacy Addendum
Scantron has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Scantron.com. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected to verify the user’s identity. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
This site contains links to other sites. Scantron.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/ opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected from our users is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
EU PRIVACY ADDENDUM: PRIVACY SHIELD POLICY
SCOPE
This Privacy Shield Policy applies to Personal Data (as defined below) transferred from European Union (“EU”) member countries and Switzerland to Scantron’s operations in the U.S.
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an individual residing in the EU or Switzerland that can be used to identify that individual either on its own or in combination with other readily available data.
NOTICE
Scantron complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data transferred from EU and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Scantron has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles, and as such is committed to subject all Personal Data received from the EU or Switzerland in reliance on this policy to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. Scantron is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Scantron provides various solutions to its individual customers who purchase its products. When you sign up to use one of our European assessment platforms, we may collect the following type of Personal Data from you:
Candidate ID Number
First Name
Last Name
Phone Number
Email
Data about any tests you take:
Test Date
Test Score
Item Responses
Accommodations requested
Scantron uses Personal Data that it collects directly from you in its role as a service provider for the following business purposes, without limitation:
Providing the products and services requested by you, which may include, but not be limited to licensing and certification assessments (i.e. online testing)
Satisfying governmental reporting, tax, and other legal requirements
Storing and processing data, including Personal Data, in computer databases and services located in the United States
Verifying your identity
As otherwise requested or consented to by you
For other business-related purposes permitted or required under applicable law and regulation, and
As otherwise required by law.
SENSITIVE DATA
Scantron will not collect Sensitive Data (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual) from you.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
Except as otherwise provided herein, Scantron will only disclose your Personal Data to Third Parties who reasonably need to know such data for the scope of the initial transaction and not for other purposes.
As such, Scantron may provide your Personal Data to Third Parties that act as agents, consultants, and contractors to perform tasks on behalf of and under our instructions (such as security service providers, cloud storage providers, professional test administration sites, fulfillment service providers, and the customer with which we are providing services under the initial transaction). For example, Scantron engages Third Parties located in the EU to collect, store and process your Personal Data in their EU facilities on behalf of Scantron in the course of providing services to you. Scantron ensures that such Third Parties have contractually agreed to use your Personal Data only for the purposes for which they have been engaged by Scantron, and they must either:
Comply with the Privacy Shield principles or another mechanism permitted by the applicable EU & Swiss data protection law(s) for transfers and processing of Personal Data;
or agree to provide adequate protections for the Personal Data that are no less protective than those set out in this Policy.
Scantron also may disclose your Personal Data for other purposes or to other Third Parties when you have expressly consented to or requested such disclosure. Additionally, Scantron may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Scantron is liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to Third Parties.
ACCESS
You have the right to contact Scantron to determine what, if any, of your Personal Data has been transmitted and stored on databases located in the US, and to determine whether such Personal Data is accurate or relevant for the purposes for which was collected. Upon request and as required by the Privacy Shield Principles, Scantron will permit you to access your Personal Data in order to correct, amend, or delete such information. Such requests are handled by filling out an Inquiry Form and e-mailing to EU-Support@scantron.com
INQUIRIES OR COMPLAINTS
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Scantron commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Scantron at:
Privacy Administrator
Scantron, Inc.
1313 Lone Oak Rd
Eagan, MN 55121
1.800.SCANTRON
EU-support@Scantron.com
Additionally, you may lodge a complaint regarding Scantron’s handling of your Personal Data by completing an inquiry form, indicating that this is a complaint.
Scantron makes every effort to respond and resolve all complaints in a prompt and timely manner. Scantron has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, JAMS (www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please request immediate escalation of your complaint to JAMS by sending an email to: EU-Recourse-Mechanism@scantron.com.
Finally, as a last resort and under limited circumstances, EU and Swiss individuals may seek redress from the Privacy Shield Panel, a binding arbitration mechanism.
SECURITY MEASURES
Scantron uses reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and integrity of Personal Data and to update it as appropriate. Scantron has implemented physical and technical safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alternation, or destruction. For example, electronically stored Personal Data is stored on a secure network with firewall protection, and access to Scantron’s electronic information systems requires user authentication via password or similar means. In particular, all connections to and from the EU-based website are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Despite these precautions, please be advised that no data security safeguards guarantee 100% security.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the Privacy Shield Principles and applicable data protection and privacy laws and principles. We will notify you if we make changes that materially affect the way we handle your Personal Data previously collected, and we will allow you to choose whether their Personal Data may be used in any materially different manner.
Effective Date: 2/2/2018
Search
Search
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email
Assessment Solutions
Certification & Licensure Testing
Educational Assessment
Analytics and Early Warning
Surveys
Technology Solutions
Hardware Support Services
Managed IT Services
Managed Print Services
IT Products & Project Services
Scanners & Forms
Optical Mark Recognition (OMR) Scanners – OpScan Series
OMR & Image Scanners – iNSIGHT Series
Pre-Packaged and Customized Data Capture Forms
Custom Printing, Packaging, and Distribution
Index
Resources
Brochures
Articles
Case Studies
Webinars
Videos
Training
eBooks
Quick Reads
Store
Client Portals
GoToAssist
ServiceCommand®
STS Client Portal
DataBridge
Support
Technical Support
General Contact
Product Registration and Updates
Credentialing Candidate Services
Site Closures & Delays
‹
›
×
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email