http://www.gmac.com/about-us/privacy-statement
Partner Sites
Email this page
Share to Facebook
Share to LinkedIn
Share to Reddit
Share to Twitter
Complete this form to email a link to this page.
Email To (separate multiple email addresses with commas)
Your Name
Your Email Address
Subject
Send me a copy of this message
Add a personal message (optional)
Your e-mail address, and that of your recipient(s), will be used only in the case of transmission errors and to let the recipient(s) know who sent the link. The information will not be used for any other purpose.
Preview
Review the message and click Send to continue. Click Back to edit the message.
From
To
Cc
Subject
Your e-mail address, and that of your recipient(s), will be used only in the case of transmission errors and to let the recipient(s) know who sent the link. The information will not be used for any other purpose.
Back
Send
Thank You!
This page has been successfully e-mailed.
Close
Home
>
About Us
>
The GMAC Privacy Statement
Explore this Section
About Us
GMAC Member School Information
GMAC Member Milestones
GMAC Member School Exclusive Media
Member Responsibilities
Member Directory
Member Representative Reimbursement Policy
GMAC Membership Policy
GMAC Member Schools
Board of Directors
GMAC Officers
Board Nominations
Careers at GMAC
GMAC Culture
Employee Benefits
Our Locations
The GMAC Privacy Statement
The GMAC Privacy Statement 2018
GMAC Group
GMAC’s Partner Sites
GMAC Copyrights, Trademarks and Logos
Copyrights
Trademarks
Logos, Digital Badges & Branded Assets
Sitemap
The GMAC Privacy Statement
We've updated our Privacy Statement. Effective Date: August 6, 2020 | View our previous Privacy Statement
Introduction & Definitions
Student Data
School Professionals, Vendors & Partners
Protecting Your Personal Information
Cookies & Similar Technologies
GMAC Group
GMAC believes that talent and opportunities should have no boundaries. Our mission is to provide the solutions necessary for schools and candidates to discover and evaluate each other from anywhere in the world. To facilitate this global communication, GMAC operates through several legal entities across the globe. Through these entities, we continue to invest in relevant solutions that give you access to meaningful information and opportunities. For this purpose, we have a legitimate interest in sharing your personal information among the GMAC entities.
Graduate Management Admission Council (US)
BusinessBecause Ltd. (UK)
Graduate Management Admission Council (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Graduate Management Admission Council (Shanghai) Management Consulting Co., Ltd.
Graduate Management Admission Council (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Graduate Management Global Connection (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Graduate Management Global Connection (UK) Ltd.
The MBA Tour, Inc. (US)
GMGC, Inc. (US)
Your privacy is important to GMAC. This Privacy Statement is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it, and the choices available to you when using any of our websites, tests, products, or other services.
Our privacy statement covers the following categories:
Introduction & Definitions
The Introduction & Definitions page provides information on who we are, our privacy statement, and contact information.
Student Data
The Student Data section provides an overview of the personal data we collect from and about students, prospective students, alumni, and other users of our student-facing websites.
School Professionals, Vendors & Partners
The School Professionals, Vendors & Partners section provides an overview of the personal data we collect from and about school professionals, vendors, partners, and exhibitors.
Protecting Your Personal Information
The Protecting Your Personal Information section provides an overview of the measures we take to protect your personal information, our data retention and destruction policies.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
The Cookies and Similar Technologies section provides an overview of the cookies and other tracking technologies we use to customize content and advertising, provide social media features, see how you move through our website, and determine what information might want to receive on our site, via email, or messaging.