https://www.curriculumexpress.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Grade
PreK
K
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
6th
7th
8th
9th
10th
11th
12th
College
Subject
Art
Audio Products
Bible
Diagnostic Test
Electives
English
Foreign Language
Games/Kits
Humanities
Language Arts
Learning to Read
Math
Online Learning
Resource Books
School Supplies
Science
Social Studies
Publisher
A Reason for Handwriting
A Reason for Spelling
A+ Interactive Math
Accelerated Christian Education ACE
Alpha Omega
Answers in Genesis
Apologia
BJU Press
Brainwright
Bridgeway
Carson-Dellosa
Classical Academic Press
Critical Thinking Company
Easy Grammar Systems
EPS-Explode the Code
Evan-Moor
Here to Help Learning
Horizons
International Learning Solutions
Kidz Labs/4M Kits
Life of Fred
Master Books
Math-U-See
Mr. D Math
Paradigm
Pearson Science
Positive Action for Christ
Quality Science Labs
Saxon
Sequential Spelling
Singapore
Spelling You See
Steck-Vaughn
Switched-On Schoolhouse
Teach Your Children Well Press
The Mystery of History
The Young Scientists Club
Your Story Hour
Walch
Well-Trained Mind Press
Wordly Wise
Zaner-Bloser
Packages
Information
About Us
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Info
Resources
0
Privacy Policy
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, Please read the following Privacy Policy, which outlines our efforts to keep your information secure.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Curriculum Express collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (“User”) of the website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Curriculum Express.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, place an order, subscribe to the weekly emails, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and interact with other activities, services, features, and resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about the User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Legal basis for processing (for EEA users):
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal basis for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal basis depends on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only when:
We need it to provide you the Services, to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features, and to protect the safety and security of the Services.
It satisfies a legitimate interest (that is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as research and development, to market and promote the Services, and to protect our legal rights and interests.
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we have a legitimate interest in doing so, you have the right to object to that use, though in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Curriculum Express collects and uses Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To send information and updates pertaining to your order and your membership withCurriculum Express.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group utilize the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service for that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer content, a promotion, survey, or other Site feature.
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries and other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, and destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL-secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Your information collected through the Curriculum Express Service may be stored and processed in the United States, Europe, or any other country in which Curriculum Express and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and service providers maintain facilities.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding Visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out emails and surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes, provided you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising and other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites and services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, are subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
How long we keep information
Account information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active, and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services.
Access, correction, deletion
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Services. If you wish to access or amend any Personal Data we hold about you, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained from an Integrated Service, you may contact us as set forth in the “Contacting us” section.
Guarantee
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this privacy policy
Curriculum Express has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the “updated” date at the bottom of this page, and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes and stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Curriculum Express
curriculumexpress.com
334 Second Street Catasauqua, PA 18032
800-685-3357
richard@curriculumexpress.com
E-mail Signup
Signup for our e-mail list and be the first to know about special offers and exclusive promos!
Signup
Free Shipping on Orders More Than $45 (Continental U.S. Only)
curriculumexpress.com uses cookies to give you the best user experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn moreClose