https://www.horniman.ac.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Find the terms and conditions of advance bookings, ticket purchases, the use of the website, limitations and intellectual property.
Terms and Conditions for Advanced Bookings and Ticket Purchases
All payments made for tickets purchased from the Horniman Museum and Gardens are non-refundable. We reserve the right to refuse admission.
Horniman Museum and Gardens Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions of use of website
Please read this carefully as it affects your legal rights and sets out the terms and conditions on which we, Horniman Museum and Gardens (“We”), will allow you to use this website (“the website”) and the information contained within it. The website is offered to you conditional on your agreement with these terms and conditions and your continued use of it signifies agreement with them in their entirety and without modification.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimers
We endeavour to ensure that the information in the website is accurate and helpful at all times. However, We cannot ultimately warrant the accuracy of that information and cannot be held liable for any use or reliance you may make of or put on it except as specifically agreed with us in any further agreement we may make with you in writing.
Any link (be it a hypertext link or other referral device) used on the website is provided solely for the use and convenience of the visitor. The link does not represent any endorsement or recommendation by us and does not mean that We have any association with the linked website. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that have links with the website or for the legal consequences of your entering into any contracts with the third parties that have these linked websites and We do not accept any liability for any loss, damage, expense, costs or liability whatsoever incurred by you as a result.
We will not be liable for any loss, damage, expense, costs, delays or other liability whatsoever (including without limitation any financial losses such as loss of profit) which you may incur as a result of any event beyond our reasonable control (including without limitation any failure of transmission, communication, computer or other facilities or your inability to access the website for any reason or any failure, error or delay in the sending or receiving of any notice or communication or instruction through the post or any electronic medium).
Nothing within these conditions operates so as to exclude, limit or restrict our liability for death or personal injury. Where you deal as a consumer, nothing in the above exclusions affects your statutory rights.
Intellectual Property Rights
The contents of the website are Copyright © Horniman Museum and Gardens unless otherwise stated. Use of such copyright will only be permitted within the scope of the licence contained at “Your use of the website” below.
Trade marks displayed may be registered and nothing contained in these conditions or the website should be construed as granting by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any licence or right to use any of the trade marks without the permission of the owner of the trade mark. However, copying and printing of those web pages which contain our trade mark is permitted within the scope of the licence contained at “Your use of the website” below.
Your Use of the Website
You may download to a local hard disk and print extracts from the website solely for personal, non-commercial use and influencing the way in which internal auditing is carried out in your place of work.
You may not reproduce part or all of the contents of the website in any form unless it is for personal, non-commercial use or unless We give our written permission.
You may not copy or otherwise incorporate into or store in any other website, electronic retrieval system, publication or other work any of the content of the website in any form (whether hard copy, electronic or other) unless We give our written permission.
You may not frame or link to the website or any part of it without our express permission.
We shall be entitled at any time to delete, remove or suspend the whole or any part of the website or any information posted in it without notice and without incurring any liability.
General Notices
We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions under which the website is offered at any time. Any such change in terms and conditions will be effective once reflected in the text of these terms and conditions and published on this web page. You should check the terms and conditions periodically to ensure that you are aware of and complying with the current version.
The interpretation, construction, effect and enforceability of this agreement and your use of the website shall be governed by English Law, and you and We agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts for the determination of all disputes relating to your use of the website.
Any enquiries should be directed to enquiry@horniman.ac.uk
Copyright
The Horniman Museum and Gardens’ websites are copyright of the Horniman Museum and Gardens. Material may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium for research, private study or for internal circulation within an educational organisation (such as schools, colleges and universities). This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the items on this site are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified, the copyright status acknowledged.
Some images on the site are copyright to external photographers. Where this is the case, the images are marked as such. You may not reproduce these images in any format.
Privacy Statement
The Horniman Museum and Gardens takes great care to preserve your privacy and safeguard any personal details you share with us. Read our Privacy Notice which explains how we collect and use your personal information. Examples of your personal information would include your name, address and email address.
By understanding more about you and what you want from us, we are able to make sure that the experience you have of the Horniman is both positive and rewarding. Your personal information can help us to work more effectively and efficiently so that we are in the best position possible to ensure accessibility to the Horniman for all our audiences and workforce.
Data Protection Policy Statement
We hold personal data about our workforce, customers, donors, suppliers and other individuals for a variety of business purposes. Our Data Protection Policy sets out how we seek to protect personal data and ensure that our workforce understand the rules governing their use of personal data to which they have access in the course of their work.
In particular, this policy requires our workforce to ensure that the Data Compliance Officer (DCO) is consulted before any significant new data processing activity is initiated to ensure that relevant compliance steps are addressed.
To find out what information the Horniman holds about you, you will need to submit a subject access request to the Data Compliance Officer. You can do this in several ways:
Complete and return the Subject Access Request form
Email the Data Compliance Officer enquiry@horniman.ac.uk
In a letter, addressed to:
Data Compliance Officer Horniman Museum and Gardens
100 London Road
London
SE23 3PQ
Please provide as much detail as possible to help us answer your request.
You can read further information in our full Data Protection and Privacy Policies.
Have a question or comment?
Get in touch with us – we are happy to help.
020 8699 1872
enquiry@horniman.ac.uk
About the Horniman
The Horniman connects us all with global cultures and the natural environment, encouraging us to shape a positive future for the world we all share.
People
Plans, policies and reporting
Opportunities
Volunteering
Jobs
Contact us
Cookies
We use cookies to keep a record of your preferences to improve your experience. For more information on cookies, visit our policy.
Accept & close