http://www.homefires.com/privacy.asp
FREE HOMESCHOOL AUDIO RECORDING!
"Potholes in the Road & How to Avoid Them!"
When you sign up for Diane Flynn Keith's newsletter.
Get free recording (mp3) addressing homeschool concerns!
Receive news, resources, and special offers!
Save time and money - and make homeschooling fun!
Name:
Email
Homeschool California
Blog
Return Home
Events
Get Carschooling!
Article Library
Facts: About Homeschooling
Support for Homeschoolers
Parents: A Child's First Teacher
Fresh New Curriculum Ideas
Carschooling
Homefires' Store
Homefires Journal
Homeschool Glossary
Contact Us
Universal Preschool's Learning Calendar
Privacy Policy
Diane Flynn Keith (owner of the assets that include Homefies.com,
Carschooling.com,
UniversalPreschool.com, and PapasPearls.com)
will not sell, rent, or otherwise make your personal information available to other people or organizations without your permission,
except as may be required by law, and except in conjunction with the sale or transfer of these assets to another business. In the
event that any portion or substantially all of Diane Flynn Keith's assets are acquired, member information will be transferred.
What Information Is Collected?
The term "personal information" means any information that may be used to identify you, including, but not limited
to, your name, address, email address, Internet Protocol address, phone number, billing information, or other contact
information. We collect information from you when you opt-in to receive or subscribe to any of our newsletters or teleconferences,
and if you purchase our products or programs, or participate in any of our events. Below are the specific details on what, where,
when, and why this information is collected and how it is used.
Registration
You provide your name and email address when you subscribe to our free e-newsletters and teleconferences. We do not share this
information with any third parties.
Order Information
If you complete an order form on any of our websites for products offered by Diane Flynn Keith and/or her assets or partners,
we will maintain that order information on secure servers on your behalf in order to fulfill the orders, provide customer
service, and maintain a history of your transactions.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve our
website and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize you and avoid repetitive requests for the same information.
Most browsers will accept cookies until you change your browser settings to refuse them. You may change your browser's settings
to refuse our cookies. However, if you do so, you may not be able readily access information and services.
Use of Contractors
We may retain the service of outside contractors to perform services on our behalf (for example, to help provide technical
support services or deliver new services). At times, we must disclose relevant personally identifiable information about you to
our contractors so they may provide these specific services for us. We require our contractors to keep this information
confidential and to only use the information on our behalf.
Email Communication
Periodically, we may send email to you if you have indicated a preference to receive news, resources, updates, special
offers, and other information relating to our service. You may unsubscribe from these email subscriptions by clicking on
the "cancel" option located at the bottom of the messages.
Children
Our services are intended solely for persons 13 years of age and older, or for persons under 13 years of age with parental
permission and supervision. If you are under the age of 13 you may not access or use our services except with the permission
and supervision of your parents. By using our service you represent and warrant to us that you are 13 years of age or older,
or have the permission and supervision of your parents.
Third Party Web Sites
Our service may contain links to other websites and software. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of these websites or software. Please visit the privacy policies of these third party sites in order to understand their
privacy and information collection practices.
Disclosures Required by Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe in good faith that an applicable
law, regulation, or legal process requires it, or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect or enforce our rights
or the rights of another user.
No Error-Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue,
despite our efforts to do so. Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have,
including how we can improve our service generally. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and
will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it. We will not be liable for any damages,
including incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, relating to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Powered by 12 Point Design
Privacy Policy
Return to the Top of Page
Copyright 1996-2020,
Diane Flynn Keith, All Rights ReservedHomefires®,
All Rights Reserved. Homefires is a federally Registered Trademark of Diane Flynn Keith, with all rights reserved.