http://www.muskegonmuseum.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of muskegonmuseum.org
This privacy policy for muskegonmuseum.org has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
What personal information does Lakeshore Museum Center collect from the people that visit muskegonmuseum.org?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience.
How does muskegonmuseum.org use your information?
muskegonmuseum.org may use the information collected from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, muskegonmuseum.org uses cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
muskegonmuseum.org uses cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
Third-party disclosure
muskegonmuseum.org does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
muskegonmuseum.org does not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
muskegonmuseum.org does not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
muskegonmuseum.org also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM muskegonmuseum.org agrees to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
©2020 muskegonmuseum.org - Lakeshore Museum Center History | Privacy Policy | Contact | December 11, 2020