https://www.acteonline.org/about/acte-mission-standards/legal-notices-and-privacy/
Legal Notices and Privacy
Overview
Welcome to ACTEonline, the website owned and produced by the Association for Career and Technical Education (ACTE). ACTE is the leading membership association for educators and administrators in the field of career and technical education. Our Web site is available to all visitors, although some content and features are restricted to ACTE members.
Legal Notices
This site and all of its contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws. No material from this website may be modified, copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way without the prior written or e-mailed consent of ACTE. Notwithstanding the above, material from this site may be downloaded for a user’s personal, non-commercial use only, provided all copyright and other proprietary notices are kept intact. Elements of this website are also protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition and other laws, and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo or image from this website may be copied or transmitted unless expressly permitted by ACTE.
Except as indicated, ACTE owns all trademarks, service marks, and logos featured on this site, including the terms “ACTE” and the “Association for Career and Technical Education.” Use of these marks without the express written permission of ACTE is expressly prohibited.
ACTE is providing information and services on this website as a benefit and service in furtherance of ACTE’s non-profit and tax-exempt mission. The information and other contents of this website are provided “as is,” and ACTE makes no representations or warranties about the suitability, reliability, or accuracy of the same for any use or purpose.
Requests for permission to reprint, copy or use material posted on this website shall be made in advance. Please email us at acte@acteonline.org.
Privacy Policy
Throughout ACTEonline, there are forms for visitors to request information, products and services. These forms may ask for contact information (such as your phone number or e-mail address), unique identifiers (such as your name or your ACTE membership number, if available), financial information (such as your credit card number), or demographic information (such as your location or career discipline). Contact information from these forms is used to provide the products, promotional materials, or membership that you request. Forms on our site that request financial information do so in order to bill you for products or services ordered. Unique identifiers (specifically, your ACTE member number) are collected from website visitors to verify the user’s identity for access to restricted content or features on the site. Answers to frequently asked questions relating to these issues follow below.
All products and services on ACTEonline are made available subject to this privacy statement. By using the products and services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this privacy statement.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:
Association for Career and Technical Education
1410 King Street
Alexandria, Virginia 22314
703-683-3111 or 800-826-9972
acte@acteonline.org
ACTEonline will update this policy from time to time, so please check back periodically. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing them.
Link Policy
ACTE welcomes links to its website but asks that you observe the following guidelines.
Do not frame ACTEonline pages under any circumstances.
Please e-mail us to let us know you are establishing a link to ACTEonline. In your e-mail please include the URL of your home page, and the URL of the page on which the link to our site appears.
We grant you permission to use, on your site, the title or headline of the ACTEonline article to which you are linking. Attribution should be given to ACTE in a manner consistent with your site’s editorial style.
While you may link to our site, you may not republish any ACTEonline content unless you obtain express written permission from ACTE. We reserve the right to revoke permission to link to our site.
In accordance with copyright laws, limited quotes from ACTEonline may be reprinted with full attribution, including the ACTEonline URL: www.acteonline.org
myollegeOptions® Questionnaires
In September of each year, you may receive a package from ACTE that contains questionnaires for you and your students. These questionnaires are a collaboration with myCollegeOptions®, the nation’s largest college planning program, and they provide ACTE with valuable research on CTE program elements and student outcomes. Every student that participates will receive a free Online College Planning Account through which they will be matched with postsecondary institutions, and have access to resources to assist them in their postsecondary planning. Participation in this program is completely voluntary and is provided at no cost. Student information is used only for educational purposes. No student data is released to commercial marketers. For educators, myCollegeOptions® will provide you with a personalized report about your students and how their results compare with other classes around the country. You may receive survey requests from other companies that do not have a relationship with ACTE. It important that you select the package that is branded with ACTE’s logo and the address 3651 Ralph Powell Road, Lee’s Summit, MO 64064. For more information and to request materials, check out the myCollegeOptions® Frequently Asked Questions. If you did not receive any questionnaires but would like to participate, or need additional forms, please visit http://mycollegeoptions.acte-sign-up-17-18.sgizmo.com/s3.
Please note that all content on ACTEonline is protected under copyright law.
Thank you for your interest in ACTEonline.
For questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
Membership
Individual
Member Benefits
Organizational
Corporate Membership
National Affiliate Organization Membership
National Affiliate Organization Membership Eligibility, Policies and Benefits
National Affiliate Organization Membership Current List
Educational Institution Membership
ACTE’s Mission
ACTE Bylaws
Annual Report
ACTE Conflict of Interest Policy
Code of Ethics
Legal Notices and Privacy
Get Involved
Board Election
ACTE Board of Directors Election Candidates
Educators in Action Blog
Standing Committees and Task Forces
Nominating Committee
Audit Review Committee
Awards Committee
Bylaws Committee
CTE Support Fund Committee
Structure
Board of Directors
Regions
Divisions
Agricultural Education Division
Administration Division
Business Education Division
Counseling and Career Development Division
Counseling and Career Development Division – Meeting Minutes
Counseling and Career Development Division – Board Reports
Counseling and Career Development Division – Newsletter Archive
Counseling and Career Development Resources
Counseling and Career Development Division Awards Nomination Materials
A Salute to Dr. Norm Gysbers
Engineering and Technology Education Division
Engineering and Technology Education Division – Information Technology Education Section
Health Science Education Division
Family and Consumer Sciences Education Division
FCS Meeting Minutes Archive
New and Related Services Division
CTE Scholars Section
Instructional Management & Materials Section
Integration of Academics and Career and Technical Education Section
Makers of Policy/Public Information Section
Other & Related Section
Support Staff Section
Tech Prep Section
Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC) Leadership Pathways Section
Work-Based Learning Section
WBL Members
WBL State Resources
Special Populations Section
Career Academies Section
Curriculum and Instructional Management Section
New and Related Services Professional Development Section
New and Related Services Division – Instructional Materials Section
Postsecondary, Adult and Career Education Division
Trade and Industrial Education Division
ACTE State Associations
AboutACTE’s Mission
Membership
Get Involved
Structure
Events
Virginia ACTE
January 12, 2021 @ 3:45 pm – January 13, 2021 @ 6:15 pm
National Policy Seminar 2021
February 22, 2021 @ 8:00 am – February 26, 2021 @ 5:00 pm
Work-Based Learning Conference
April 29, 2021
Leading the Education Revolution
The Leading the Education Revolution Conference offers unique branding packages and problem-sol…
June 8, 2021 @ 8:00 am – June 11, 2021 @ 5:00 pm
View All Events
Donate Now
AboutACTE’s Mission
Membership
Get Involved
Structure
Press CenterPress Kit
Press Releases
CTE in the News
Why CTE?What Is CTE?
State Profiles
Economic Impacts
PublicationsTechniques [Archive]
ShopACTE
CTE Publications
AdvocacyCTE Policy Watch Blog
Take Action
Advocacy Resources
Contact ACTE®
1410 King Street,
Alexandria,
VA 22314
P: 800-826-9972
F: 703-683-7424
Professional DevelopmentEvents
ACTE Awards
High-quality CTE Tools
Leadership Development
Online Learning
Job Bank
Bookmarks
Scroll to top