http://www.aop.com/terms-and-conditions
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
AOP Homeschooling Legal Privacy Policy
AOP Homeschooling Legal Terms & Conditions
AOP HOMESCHOOL TERMS OF SERVICE
VERSION 1.0
LAST REVISED ON: NOVEMBER 1, 2020
Welcome to Alpha Omega Publications! Before using our website (https://www.aop.com/) and other services (together, the “Services”, “our Services”, or “AOP Services”), it is important that you carefully read the following agreement. The website located at https://www.aop.com/ (the “Site”) is a copyrighted work belonging to Alpha Omega Publications (“AOP”, “us”, “our”, and “we”). Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted as appropriate in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (THE “TERMS”) ALONG WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF AOP’S SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR ANY ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT), AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES OR ACCEPT THE TERMS IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD UNLESS YOUR PARENT(S) OR GUARDIAN(S) HAVE PROVIDED THE NECESSARY CONSENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
THESE TERMS REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION (SECTION 10.3) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMIT THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.
1. ACCOUNTS
1.1 Account Creation. In order to use certain features of AOP’s Services, you must register for an account (“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the account registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by contacting us at privacy@aop.com. We may suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with Section 8.
1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security. AOP cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.
2. ACCESS TO THE SITE
2.1 License. Subject to these Terms, AOP grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services solely for your own personal, noncommercial use.
2.2 Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions:
(a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Services;
(b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site or Services;
(c) you shall not access the Services in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services shall be subject to these Terms. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Services (or on any content displayed on any Service) must be retained on all copies thereof.
2.3 Modification. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that AOP will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.
2.4 No Support or Maintenance. You acknowledge and agree that we will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Services. However, and without any obligation whatsoever, we will try to use commercially reasonable methods designed to ensure that the Services are free of material errors. If you have support or maintenance questions, you can contact us via the support links on our website.
2.5 Ownership. Excluding any User Content that you may provide (defined below), you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Services and their content are owned by AOP or our suppliers. Neither these Terms (nor your use of the Services) transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in Section 2.1. AOP and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. There are no implied licenses granted under these Terms.
2.6 Compliance with Law. You are responsible for using the Services in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations. You shall not use the Services in violation of any applicable law.
2.7 Use by Children Under 13. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that all online service providers, including AOP, obtain parental consent before knowingly collecting personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, except with the appropriate consent as set out in our Privacy Policy. Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from using the Services or creating an Account unless they are doing so with parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a person under the age of 13 that does not comply with COPPA, we will delete that information as soon as reasonably practicable. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us without the necessary consent, please contact us as soon as possible at privacy@aop.com.
2.8 Accessibility. AOP is committed to ensuring that the Services remain accessible to all individuals, regardless of disability. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the Services meet customary standards for accessibility and comply with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”), as applicable. If you have any suggestions about improvements we can make to enhance the accessibility of the Services, please contact us at privacy@aop.com.
3. USER CONTENT
3.1 User Content. “User Content” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Services (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (defined in Section 3.3). You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by AOP. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. We are not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
3.2 License. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to AOP an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to, to the extent permissible by applicable law, reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Services. You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.
3.3 Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:
(a) You agree not to use the Services to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
(b) In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Services unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Services to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Services, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services), whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Services; or (vii) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Services, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to (or to strip, scrape, or mine data from) our Services (provided, however, that we conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Services for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials, subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file).
(c) You agree to be bound by the terms, as they may be amended from time to time, of any additional agreements entered into in order to use certain Services. To the extent the terms of these agreements different from the terms in this Terms of Service, the other agreements may supersede
3.4 Enforcement. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Account in accordance with Section 8, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
3.5 Feedback. If you provide us with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Services (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to AOP all rights in such Feedback and agree that we shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information as appropriate in compliance with applicable law. You agree that you will not submit Feedback to us containing any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
3.6 Your Data. AOP is subject to certain laws and regulations, some of which are described below. Please visit our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect, use, and safeguard “Data.”
(a) AOP seeks to comply with all applicable federal and state privacy laws and regulations. We will provide access to sensitive information pertaining to children only to our employees and subcontractors who reasonably need to access the data for us to provide the Services to you.
3.7 Limited Contact; Advertising. Through your use of the Services, we may contact you via e-mail, telephone, and/or text message to send you information about the Services including, without limitation, notice of changes to these Terms or our Privacy Policy, information about new features, and other information helpful or appropriate to the use of the Services. AOP contacts will never request personal information such as social security numbers, credit card numbers, or other personal information. AOP may contact you to advertise to you or for other commercial purposes, but will never knowingly contact children for marketing or other commercial purposes.
4. INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to indemnify and hold AOP (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of
(a) your use of the Services,
(b) your violation of these Terms,
(c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations or
(d) your User Content. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of AOP. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
5. THIRD-PARTY LINKS; OTHER USERS
5.1 Third-Party Links. The Services may contain links to third-party websites and services (collectively, “Third-Party Links”). Such links are not intended for advertising or marketing purposes. Such Third-Party Links are not under the control of AOP, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Links. We provide access to these Third-Party Links only as a convenience to you, and do not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links. You use all Third-Party Links at your own risk and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any Third-Party Links, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links.
5.2 Other Users. Each Service user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content. Your interactions with other Service users are solely between you and such users. You agree that we will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Service user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
5.3 Release. You hereby release and forever discharge AOP (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Services (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Service users or any Third-Party Links & Ads). IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
6. DISCLAIMERS
THE SITE AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND AOP (AND OUR AFFILIATES AND SUBCONTRACTORS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR AFFILIATES AND SUBCONTRACTORS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
7. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL AOP (OR OUR AFFILIATES AND SUBCONTRACTORS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TOTHE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE CLAIM AROSE OR FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
8. TERM AND TERMINATION.
8.1 Termination; Effect of Termination. Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Services (including your Account) at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Services in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Services will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. AOP will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2.2 through 2.5, Section 2.7 and Sections 4 through 10.
8.2 Deletion of Sensitive Information. Upon termination of your Account, you may request that we delete any sensitive information from our live databases and we agree to take commercially reasonable steps to honor such request in a reasonable amount of time. You understand and agree that we may continue to have Sensitive Information in archive files or similar databases. You further agree that we have no obligation to delete aggregated or de-identified information. We may retain and use aggregated and de-identified information for any purpose that is consistent with applicable federal and state laws and regulations.
9. COPYRIGHT POLICY.
AOP respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Services do the same. In connection with our Services, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Services who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Services, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
1. your physical or electronic signature;
2. identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
3. identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
4. sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
5. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; 6. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
7. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
The designated Copyright Agent for AOP is:
Designated Agent: Legal Department
Address of Agent: 8860 E Chaparral Road, Scottsdale, AZ 85250
Telephone: 480-675-7284
E-mail: legal@weldnorthed.com
New American Standard Bible Updates
© 1960, 1962, 1963, 1968, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1995
by The Lockman Foundation
All rights reserved
http://www.lockman.org
The "NASB", "NAS", "New American Standard Bible" and "New American Standard" trademarks are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office by the Lockman Foundation. Use of these trademarks requires the permission of the Lockman Foundation.
The text of the New American Standard Bible® may be quoted and/or reprinted up to and inclusive of five hundred (500) verses without express written permission of The Lockman Foundation, providing the verses do not amount to a complete book of the Bible nor do the verses quoted account for more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the total work in which they are quoted.
Notice of copyright must appear on the title or copyright page of the work as follows:
Scripture taken from the New American Standard Bible,
© The Lockman Foundation 1960, 1962, 1963, 1968, 1971,
1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1995
Used by permission. http://www.Lockman.org
When quotations from the NASB® text are used in not-for-sale media, such as church bulletins, orders of service, posters, transparencies, or similar media, the abbreviation (NASB) may be used at the end of the quotation. This permission to quote is limited to material which is wholly manufactured in compliance with the provisions of the copyright laws of the United States and all applicable international conventions and treaties. Quotations and/or reprints in excess of the above limitations or other permission requests must be directed to and approved in writing by The Lockman Foundation, P.O. Box 2279, La Habra, CA 90632-2279, (714) 879-3055, http://www.lockman.org.
Copying, duplicating, altering, or otherwise modifying the NASB databases is prohibited.
10. GENERAL
10.1 Fees. Many of AOP’s Services are available on a subscription basis. Payments may be made monthly or annually. When you pay for a subscription, we will collect your payment information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If your designated payment method is refused or returned, you acknowledge that AOP may immediately cancel your subscription. Prices and payments are in United States currency only. You are responsible for paying all applicable taxes on the subscription, unless stated otherwise. We reserve the right to change fees at any time; current subscribers will receive at least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice of the change. We may offer a free trial for certain periods of time (subject to our sole discretion). Users are required to enter their payment information to start a free trial but will not be charged for the subscription until their trial period ends. Following the end of the free trial period, users with a free trial will be charged for the subscription in accordance with the terms set forth during their registration (as may be changed from time to time).
10.2 Changes. These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Services. Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
10.3 Dispute Resolution; Mandatory Arbitration. Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully. It is part of your contract with AOP and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
(a) Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by AOP that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and us, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
(b) Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution. Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to AOP should be sent to: 8860 E Chaparral Road, Scottsdale, AZ 85250, Attn: Legal. After the Notice is received, you and AOP may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and AOP do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.
(c) Arbitration Rules. Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“ADR Provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms. The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“Arbitration Rules”) governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise. If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator grants you an award that is greater than the last settlement offer that we made to you prior to the initiation of arbitration, AOP will pay you the greater of the award or $2,500.00. Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.
(d) Additional Rules for Non-Appearance Based Arbitration. If non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
(e) Time Limits. If you or AOP pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the AAA Rules for the pertinent claim.
(f) Authority of Arbitrator. If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and AOP, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the AAA Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and AOP.
(g) Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and AOP in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND AOP WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
(h) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
(i) Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
(j) Severability. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
(k) Right to Waive. Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.
(l) Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with AOP.
(m) Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or AOP may bring an individual action in small claims court.
(n) Emergency Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.
(o) Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
(p) Courts. In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Scottsdale, Arizona for such purpose.
10.4 Export. The Services may be subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from AOP, or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.
10.5 Disclosures. AOP is located at the address in Section 10.11. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Product of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
10.6 Electronic Communications. The communications between you and AOP use electronic means, whether you use the Site or send us e-mails, or whether we post notices on the Services or communicates with you via e-mail. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
10.7 Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”. Neither party is an employee, agent or partner of the other.
10.8 Severability. If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
10.9 Assignment. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without AOP’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. We may freely assign these Terms. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.
10.10 Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2020 AOP. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
10.11 Contact Information:
Legal Department
8860 E Chaparral Road, Scottsdale, AZ 85250
480-675-7284
legal@weldnorthed.com
Top of Page
AOP Homeschooling Legal Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AOP HomeSchool Programs
Effective as of November 1, 2020
Alpha Omega Publications ("AOP", “we”, “us”, or “our”) provides a Christian online homeschooling curriculum for families seeking to provide home-based education to their K-12 students.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding information we collect through our websites, including https://www.aop.com/, and any other interactive features or services owned or controlled by AOP that post a link to this Privacy Policy (each, a "Service" and collectively, the "Services"), as well as any information we collect offline and combine in our databases. Certain features discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on each Service at any particular time.
Note about Children: As required by applicable law and our Terms of Service, children under the age of 13 in the U.S. (and a higher age if required by the applicable law in another country) may only use our Services with the express prior consent of a parent or legal guardian.
1. What is this policy?
WE FULLY DESCRIBE OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES BELOW IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. THIS SUMMARY PROVIDES AN OVERVIEW OF SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING OUR USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION. PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY VERY CAREFULLY. BY USING ANY SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY.
1.1 Information Collection/How We use Your Information: Information that we collect is primarily used to communicate with you and to provide and maintain access to AOP’s Services. Please review the "What information does AOP Collect?” and "How does AOP use the information it collects?" sections of this Privacy Policy for a full description of the information we collect, including Personal Information (as defined below), and how we use that information.
1.2 Information Sharing: Remember that if you create a Profile (as defined below) or share Personal Information with other users on the Services, your information may be visible to others. Note that we do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes; however, we may share your Personal Information under certain limited circumstances. For more details, please review the section below entitled "Will AOP share any of the information it collects?"
1.3 Third Parties: We work with third parties who provide us with certain services such as address validation, shipping cost calculations, payment processing, cloud hosting services, analytics providers, assessment providers, and who otherwise allow us to provide and improve the Services.
2. What information does AOP collect?
Information Shared with Us
2.1 Registration and Other Information You Provide. The Services may collect "Personal Information" (which is information that can reasonably be used alone or in combination with other reasonably available information, to identify or contact a specific individual). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, user (including child and parent/guardian) data, metadata, and user content. This may include a name, e-mail address, physical address, password, or usage information. Any information combined with Personal Information will be treated as Personal Information.
2.2 Your Account
Parent User Account: The following information is collected about the adult account user:
First Name
Last Name
Physical Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Payment Information (Note that AOP does not store such information within our systems or network. Such information is stored directly with a third party or, if given directly, deleted immediately afterward.)
Child Users: Note that children do not create their own accounts but may access online curriculum Services through an account created for them by the adult users. Certain information about children is collected through such account as listed below.
First Name
Last Name
Username
Password
Grade Level
2.3 Third Party Services and Information Third Parties Provide About You
The Services may permit interactions between the Services and a third-party feature or service. These third parties may provide us with information about you. Similarly, if you publicly post information on a third-party platform, such as a social media site that references AOP or one of the Services, your post may be published on our Services in accordance with that third party’s terms. These features may collect your IP address or other unique identifier and which page you are visiting on our website and may also set a cookie to enable the third-party feature to function properly. When you use a third-party feature through the Services, the third party may also have access to information about you and your use of our Services. Your interactions with third-party links and features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties.
The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party's privacy practices, including: whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party website and service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature (in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature), but we may retain the information previously collected in compliance with all applicable laws.
Information We Collect Automatically
2.4 Usage Information. Like other websites and online services, we and our analytics providers, vendors and other third-party service providers may automatically collect certain "Usage Information" whenever you access and use the Services. Usage Information may include: the browser and operating system you are using, the URL that referred you to our Services (if applicable), the search terms you entered into a search engine that lead you to our Services (if applicable), all of the areas within our Services that you visit, the time of day you used the Services, and other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to select appropriate content to display to you and to enhance or otherwise improve the Services and our products.
In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for any computer, mobile phone or other device (any, a "Device") you may use to access the Services. A Device Identifier is a number automatically assigned to the Device used to access a Service, and our servers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access a Service, internet service provider (ISP), date and time of visit, browser language, browser type, referring and exit pages and URLs, amount of time spent on particular pages, which parts of our Services you use, which links you click, search terms, operating system, traffic and related statistics, keywords, and/or other general browsing or usage data. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.
2.5 Cookies. Like many other websites and apps, we use “cookies” (a small file sent to your computer by a website or device to allow the website or app to store information which uniquely identifies you) or other similar software to collect data in order to assist our users and provide them with a more personal experience visits in our Website or apps. For example, cookies help our systems recognize you if you return to our Services shortly after exiting them. You can always disable cookies at your browser or device’s settings, but please note that if you do so, some (or all) of the features and functionality of our Services may not be available to you.
2.6 How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals: Please note that your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" (DNT) signal to websites and online service you visit. DNT is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the internet industry is still working to determine what DNT means, how to comply with DNT, and how to create a common approach to responding to DNT. To find out more about "Do Not Track", please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
3. How does AOP use the information it collects?
We may use information about you (including Personal Information, the information you provide in your Profile, User Content, and Usage Information) for the following purposes:
3.1 To Provide the Services. We use your Personal Information to: verify your registration, allow you to participate in features we offer, and contact you regarding the Services.
3.2 To Operate the Websites. Your personal information may be used to tailor content, recommendations and offers we display to you, both on the Services and elsewhere online, as well as to maintain or improve our Services.
3.3 To Send Marketing Communications. We may send marketing communications to current users. Additionally, anyone may sign up to receive communications from us regarding new or existing offerings or other materials that may be of interest, including offers and materials from our related platforms. Anyone who receives these communications may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any e-mail. Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from signing up for marketing communications will be unsubscribed if we become aware of a child under the age of 18 signing up to receive these communications. Children will not receive any marketing on their accounts.
3.4 To Create Anonymous Data for Analytics. We may make information anonymous (by excluding information that makes it personally identifiable to you), then use that anonymous data for our lawful business purposes.
3.5 For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety. We use your Personal Information as we believe is necessary or appropriate to (a) enforce our terms and conditions; (b) protect our (and your) rights, privacy, safety or property; and (c) protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity.
3.6 To Comply with Law. We use your Personal Information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process (such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities).
3.7 With Your Consent. In some cases, we may ask for your consent to collect, use, or share your Personal Information, such as when required by law or agreements with third parties.
Please note that information submitted on the Services via a "Contact Us" or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided via these functions to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
4. Will AOP share any of the information it collects?
AOP does not share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes. AOP may share non-Personal Information (such as aggregate or de-identified user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information) with third parties.
We also may share your Personal Information with third parties with your consent (if permissible under applicable law), as disclosed at the time you provide us with information, and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy:
4.1 Service Providers. We will share your Personal Information with third parties to provide services to us or you in connection with the Services. These disclosures will be subject to confidentiality obligations that limit their use and disclosure. For example, we may provide your Personal Information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, send our e-mails, or offer customer service. Consumer payments are primarily processed and stored via third party services and we only receive the last four digits of the credit card number used for such transaction. If credit card information is provided directly to us, we will only retain such information for as long as is necessary for our legitimate business purposes.
4.2 Administrative, Legal Reasons & Academic Integrity Investigations. We may also disclose your information, including Personal Information as follows: (i) in response to a subpoena, court order, or when otherwise required by law; (ii) in response to bankruptcy proceedings; (iii) to defend our rights; (iv) in response to a request from law enforcement; (v) to provide information to a claimed owner of intellectual property who claims that content you have provided to us infringes on their rights; (vi) upon request of or as otherwise authorized by an academic institution connected to an investigation into academic integrity; (vii) to protect and/or defend any applicable Terms of Service or other policies applicable to the Services; or (viii) to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any organization or individual.
We may also use Device Identifiers (including IP addresses) to identify users and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. These disclosures may be carried out without your consent or without notice to you.
4.3 Business Transitions. AOP may share Personal Information with its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates, and investors primarily for business and operational purposes so long as any recipient agrees to comply with this Privacy Policy and applicable law with regard to such Personal Information. In the event that AOP goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, a bankruptcy, or another corporate change (including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process) your information, including Personal Information, will likely be among the assets transferred.
You will be notified via e-mail and/or by a prominent notice on the Services of any completed change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy will become binding upon the new owner of the information until amended.
4.4 Testimonials. We may display personal testimonials of satisfied users or other endorsements on our Services. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us.
5. How does AOP work with third parties?
5.1 Third-Party Advertising. AOP does not currently use any user data to target advertisements or marketing on behalf of third parties. We do not mine user data for any purposes other than those agreed to by the parties. Data mining or scanning of user content for the purpose of advertising or marketing to children or their parents is prohibited.
5.2 Third-Party Providers. We work with third-party providers to provide us with services such as payment processing and to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Services, the features used when visiting the Services, and other information regarding the use of the Services.
5.3 Third-Party Content, Links to Other Sites, and AOP Content Found Outside of the Services. Certain content provided through the Services may be hosted and served by third parties. In addition, the Services may link to third party websites or content over which AOP has no control and which are governed by the privacy policies and business practices of those third parties.
Please also note that AOP content may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control. These third parties may independently collect data. AOP is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or business practices of any third party.
For more information about data we receive from third parties, please refer to Section 2.3 above.
6. What happens if I access AOP’s services through a mobile device?
If you use the Services through a mobile device, you agree that AOP may store and use certain information for security purposes (for example, for user verification or authentication).
7. How does AOP protect children’s information?
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to AOP. For this reason, we created certain features designed to help protect Personal Information relating to children who are less than 13 years of age or older if required by applicable law (“Child Users”).
AOP does not knowingly permit children under 13 to use our Services without prior, express consent from a parent or legal guardian, except as permitted under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”). If we learn that Personal Information of a child under 13 has been collected on our Services without prior parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian (“Parent”) and discover that your child under the age of 13 (or a higher age if required by applicable law) has a registered account with our Services without your consent, please contact AOP to request that we delete that child’s personal information from our systems.
7.1 How Does a Parent Consent to Their Child’s Use of the Services? During the registration process, a Parent must consent to this Privacy Policy and our collection of data from their child. In compliance with COPPA, we verify that a Parent is in fact providing such consent by charging a credit card at the time of registration.
If a user is initially participating through a free trial, we may not collect credit card information at the time of registration. In such event, the parent will be required to verify their consent using another method. Specifically, a parent registering to participate using a free trial will receive an email with a verification code or link in order to complete the registration process. Access to the services will be prohibited until the verification is complete. If the parent abandons the registration process without providing the verification and does not return to complete the process within seven days, all data collected will be deleted in the ordinary course. During the term of the free trial, all data collected will only be used for internal purposes. Following the free trial period, the parent will be required to provide a credit card (at which time the charging of that credit card will be used as the verification of the parent’s consent and data can be used for any reason as set forth in this Privacy Policy). If the parent chooses not to extend the use of the Services after the end of the free trial period, all data collected will be deleted in the ordinary course.
7.2 How Does a Child use the Services? Child Users can access our online curriculum Services through an account created by their Parent.
7.3 What Children’s Information is Visible to Others? No child’s information is made available or visible to the public through AOP. Parents may view their children’s information at any time by logging into their account.
8. How does AOP protect and store my information?
AOP takes data security very seriously. AOP takes commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission, upon receipt, and at rest. These measures vary depending on the sensitivity of the information at issue and include the following:
We store your information in a database that is regularly backed up.
Users can access and retrieve only their own information.
For audio/visual recordings, data is encrypted and users can view only their own information.
We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We continually develop and implement features to keep your personal information safe - for example, all traffic to and from our application is over secure, encrypted protocols (SSL/TLS).
We ensure passwords are stored securely using encryption and salted one-way hashing.
Administrators are knowledgeable of security practices and harden the infrastructure with necessary patches.
Our technical infrastructure is designed to prevent unauthorized access to protected information at multiple points in every transaction.
Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8.1 How will AOP Handle a Data Breach or Security Incident? In the event AOP becomes aware of a data breach impacting your Personal Information, we will provide notification in compliance with all applicable laws. For example, we may post a notice on our homepage or elsewhere on the Service and may e-mail you at the e-mail address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
AOP has procedures in place that are designed to stop threats to your personally identifiable information, to restore Services to full functionality, and to document and take proactive steps to ensure that any incident cannot be repeated. AOP will also preserve necessary evidence for investigation by security professionals and law enforcement as appropriate. In the unlikely event of an unauthorized disclosure of records, AOP will follow its internal procedures, which articulate how to report the problem to internal and external stakeholders. The notification process includes any information that can identify which customers and children may have been impacted, the data that may have been accessed, AOP’s process to inform affected customers, and steps to prevent the incident from happening again as appropriate.
In the unlikely event of an unauthorized disclosure of Data, AOP has implemented a process for responding to incidents and notifying affected individuals (and, if applicable, law enforcement personnel.)
If you have any questions about security on our Services, you can contact us at privacy@aop.com.
9. How can I opt-out of sharing, providing, or receiving certain information?
9.1 Providing Personal Information: You can always decline to share personal information with us, or even block all cookies. However, it’s important to remember that many of AOP’s features may not be accessible, or may not function properly (for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you) without this functionality.
9.2 E-mail Communication: You can opt-out of receiving further communications by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any e-mail from us. AOP may continue to send you Service-related e-mails as we believe necessary to provide the Services but will never knowingly e-mail children.
10. How can I access and manage my Personal Information?
You may be able to review the information you provided to us on a Service and make any desired changes to the information, or to the settings for your account on that Service, by logging in to your account for that Service and editing or deleting the information. Note that certain accounts may have limitations regarding the ability to delete information. Even after information is deleted, we may maintain it in backup or archive form unless (i) you request permanent deletion or (ii) the account is terminated.
11. What communications will I receive from AOP and how do I limit them?
AOP may post notices on the homepage of our website and/or may send users information by e-mail. You may choose to stop receiving certain e-mails from AOP by using the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the AOP e-mail. However, we reserve the right to send you information on our behalf and on behalf of third parties in connection with providing the Services. If you no longer want to receive information from us, you will need to close your account for that Service.
12. How do I close my account?
If you have an account and you wish to close your account with one of our Services, please contact us, and we will remove your Personal Information and Profile, if applicable, from the active databases for the Service(s) you request. Please let us know which Service(s) you wish to close and, if applicable, send your request using an e-mail account that you have registered with AOP under your name. You typically will receive a response to a request sent to this account within five business days of our receiving it.
13. How long does AOP keep my information?
Upon termination of your account, AOP will take commercially reasonable steps to delete any Personal Information, excluding information relating to messages you sent to active users, from our live databases in a reasonable amount of time. You understand and agree that AOP may continue to have Personal Information in archive files or similar databases. You further agree that AOP has no obligation to delete aggregated or de-identified information. AOP may retain and use aggregated and de-identified information for any purpose consistent with laws and regulations.
Even if your account is closed, information may remain in backup or archive records and we may retain certain data relevant to preventing fraud or future abuse or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable or de-identified data, account recovery or if required by law. All retained data will continue to be subject to the applicable privacy policy for the Service.
14. How will AOP notify me of changes to this policy?
We will notify you of material changes to the Privacy Policy on our Website and/or by e-mail, and will make efforts to notify customers of material changes that impact the treatment of data collected through our Services.
AOP may update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting. Upon any update, the date at the top of this policy will be updated. In the event that there are material changes to the way we treat your Personal Information, you are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy and your AOP account for notice of such modifications. Your continued use of the Services following an update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
15. What if I am a resident of California?
If you are a resident of the state of California, you have certain data protection rights. AOP aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information. This section describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Your Rights
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
Information. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your or your child’s Personal Information during the past 12 months: o The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
- The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
- The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
- The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
- Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third-party recipient.
- Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third-party recipient.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales. We do not currently sell Personal Information. If we plan to sell your or your child’s Personal Information, you will be notified and you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in. We do not currently sell Personal Information. If we know that you are younger than 16 years old, we will ask for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent’s or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination in the form of legally prohibited increases in the price or decreases in the quality of our Services.
How to Exercise Your Rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
- emailing privacy@aop.com
- calling us toll-free at 1- 800-622-3070
We reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. As part of this process, government identification may be required. Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
We have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
Category of personal information (PI)
PI we collect
Source of PI
Business/ commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties to whom we “sell” PI
Identifiers
• Contact data• Identity data• Data about others
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Commercial Information
• Contact data• Identity data• Transaction data• Communications• Marketing data
• You
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Financial Information
• Financial data
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Online Identifiers
• Device data• Identity data
• Automatic collection
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Internet or Network Information
• Device data• Online activity data
• Automatic collection
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Geolocation Data
• Device data
• Automatic collection
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Inferences
May be derived from your:• Device data• Online activity data
• Automatic collection
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Professional or Employment Information
• Contact data• Identity data• Data about others
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Protected Classification Characteristics
• We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Education Information
• Educational data of program use, progress, etc.• Grade Level• Academic Progress• Online activity data
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Physical Description
• We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Biometric Information
• We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Sensory Information
• We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
Medical Information
• We do not intentionally collect this information, but it may be revealed in identity data or other information we collect
• You• Public sources• Business partners
• Service delivery• Research & development• Marketing• Compliance & Operations
• Affiliates• Advertising partners• Professional advisors• Authorities and others• Business transferees
None
16. What if I do not live in the U.S.?
Consent to Transfer
The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
Important Information for Users in the European Economic Area
The following information only applies to users in the European Economic Area (EEA), provided that we are the controller of your personal information as described below.
Controller
If you use the Services through your employer, school or another organization, that organization is the controller of your personal information and all questions or requests regarding your rights under European data protection legislation (including the rights described under Your rights below) or the processing of your personal information, should be directed to the organization. AOP is the organization’s processor and uses your personal information only as instructed by the organization and to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law.
If you do not use the Services through an organization, AOP is the controller of your personal information and can be reached using the contact details in “How can I contact AOP with questions” section.
Legal bases for processing
We process your personal information on the following legal bases:
To provide the Services.
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Services or to take steps that you request prior to requesting the Services.
To operate the websites.
To send marketing communications. To create anonymous data for analytics. For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We consider and balance the potential impact on our rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where your data protection interests override these legitimate interests (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with law
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
With your consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated at the time consent is requested.
Your Rights
You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your Personal Information that we hold:
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete. Delete your personal information.
Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the legal basis of our processing your personal information, where that processing adversely impacts your legal rights.
You may send us these requests by contacting us at privacy@aop.com. We may request information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to reject part or all of your request. If we reject your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator here.
Retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including to continue providing the Services to active users you sent information to and for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
17. How can I contact AOP?
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@aop.com or by mail at 8860 E. Chaparral Road, Scottsdale, Arizona 85250, Attn: Legal Department.
Top of Page
Want more information?
We're available right now!
Call 1-800-622-3070
CHAT NOW
Schedule a CALL BACK
Free GETTING STARTED GUIDE
Free GETTING STARTED GUIDE
Email us a MESSAGE