http://www.studyinbritain.com/info/terms.asp
StudyinBritain.com - A directory of study abroad & full degree programmes to England, Scotland, Wales & Ireland!
Advertise With Us |
Add/Edit Your Listings |
Home
Free Newsletter!
(info)
General Information:
International-Internships.Com
Study-in-Ireland.com
English Language Schools
UK Educational System
Univ. Rankings by Subject
Work in Britain
Work in Ireland
University Websites
Useful Links
Funding / Scholarships:
USA Scholarships
Institutional Scholarships
Gilman Scholarship
General Scholarships Info
US Federal Student Aid
Financial Aid
Student Loans
Tourism/Services Abroad:
Wales Tourist Board
Student Travel Agencies
Discount Cards for Students
Tours
Accommodations
Roommate Search
International Calling
Insurance
Maps
Health & Safety Abroad
Transportation:
Airfare Specials
Bus/Coach
Car Rental
Public Transportation
•  London Transport
Predeparture:
Visa Information
UK Entry Permits
US Passport Application
Faculty / Advisors:
Recruit US College Students
Programme Development
Univ. Rankings by Subject
Grade Conversion Chart
UK Educational System
Expense Calculator
Currency:
Using Debit and Credit Cards
Currency Calculator
Historical Rates
Euro Information
Expense Calculator
[ Home ]
[ Add/Edit Your Listings ]
[ Advertise With Us ]
[ Contact Us ]
Asp
StudyinBritain.com Terms of Use
Following are the terms and conditions under which you may use the StudyinBritain.com or StudyinIreland.com sites (each a "Web Site"). If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not use this Web Site and service. By using a Web Site, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms of Use, including all terms and condition for the use of a Web Site. Cappex.com, LLC d/b/a StudyinBritain.com ("StudyinBritain") may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating these Terms of Use as they are displayed on a Web Site. We are not required to contact you prior to making any changes to these Terms of Use. You should visit this page periodically to review these Terms of Use, because they are binding on you. The terms "You" and "User" as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing this Web Site for any reason.
Use of StudyinBritain.com and the Web Site Content.
StudyinBritain authorizes you to view and access the Web Site solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You shall not copy or adapt the underlying HTML code that with respect to any portion of the Web Site or the content appearing therein.
The contents of this Web Site and all other Web Sites under StudyinBritain's control which are accessible through the Web Sites StudyinBritain.com and Study-in-Ireland.com, (the Web Site and such other Web sites are collectively referred to as "StudyinBritain Sites," and individually a "StudyinBritain Site"), including all text, images, graphics, logos, links, button icons, software and other content (collectively, "Web Site Content"), are protected under both United States and foreign copyright, trademark and other laws. All Web Site Content is the property of StudyinBritain, its content suppliers or clients. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this Web Site is the exclusive property of StudyinBritain and is also protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. Unauthorized copying or use of the Web Site Content (including its use on any other Web site) may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You are prohibited from using the Web Site in violation of any applicable foreign, domestic, federal or state laws, rules or regulations or in a manner that that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others. The use of defamatory, threatening, hateful, obscene, or abusive language, images or postings on a StudyinBritain Site is strictly prohibited.
StudyinBritain Site Security Rules.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of any StudyinBritain Site, including, without limitation, (a) intercepting or accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without prior express written authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to any StudyinBritain Site, overloading, "flooding", "denial of service attacking", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing", (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Permitted Uses.
StudyinBritain Sites may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals seeking information about colleges and universities, the application process to such institutions, bursaries and financial aid, and other education-related products and services. StudyinBritain specifically prohibits any other use of the Web Site. By using the Web Site you agree not to take any of the following actions with respect to any StudyinBritain Site:
(a) Using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any StudyinBritain Site or any activity being conducted on such Web Site;
(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, using or attempting to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including, without limitation, customized browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search any StudyinBritain Site other than the search engine and software available from StudyinBritain on such StudyinBritain Site and other than generally available third party web browsers such as Microsoft Explorer is strictly prohibited;
(c) Attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of any StudyinBritain Site;
(d) Taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any StudyinBritain Site's infrastructure, including, without limitation, denial of service attacks; and
(e) Aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Web Site Content or information available from any StudyinBritain Site.
User Information.
When you register for the Web Site or fill out an Enquiry form to a college or other educational programme, you may be asked to provide StudyinBritain with certain information, including, without limitation, a valid email address (your "Personal Information"). In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in StudyinBritain Privacy Policy on a Web Site, you understand and agree that StudyinBritain may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information based on the information you provide to StudyinBritain and your usage of such Web Site. StudyinBritain will not disclose to any third party your name or other Personal Information without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, subpoena, or other legally compelled disclosure. StudyinBritain reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you based on the information and preferences that you provide to StudyinBritain during your registration at such Web Site and at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by StudyinBritain or by third parties. Please see StudyinBritain's Privacy Policy for further details regarding your Personal Information. We are not responsible for any data collection and practices of non-affiliated third-parties that are linked to from our Web Site.
Children Under the Age of 13.
The safety and privacy of children is very important to us. We are committed to comply with the requirements of all federal and state law, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). For more information about COPPA, please visit the United States Federal Trade Commission's Web site at COPPA Web site.
This Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. StudyinBritain will not knowingly register or otherwise collect Personal Information from persons who identify themselves as being under the age of 13 during the registration process, without the prior consent of such child's parent or guardian.
Password.
When you register at the StudyinBritain Site (provided that registration is supported functionality on the Web Site), you may be requested to enter a password which will provide you with access to the StudyinBritain Site, our services and your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your account, whether or not expressly authorized by you. StudyinBritain may rely upon any instructions provided by any person accessing your account after inputting your password, including the release of your Personal Information. In the event of a lost password, you agree that StudyinBritain may email such password to the email address in our records and associated with your account. You agree that StudyinBritain shall not be liable for any misuse as a result thereof.
Policy Regarding Persons Who Violate these Terms of Use or Infringe the Intellectual Property Rights Of Others.
Any violation of these Terms of Use may result in the immediate denial of access to each StudyinBritain Site and use of the StudyinBritain Services. StudyinBritain and our affiliated companies respect the intellectual property of others, and we request that our Users and content partners to do the same. The unauthorized reproduction, copying, distribution, modification, public display or public performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the copyright owner's rights. As a condition to your use of a Web Site, you agree not to use such Web Site or any other StudyinBritain Site to infringe the privacy or intellectual property rights of others in any way. We may terminate the accounts of any account holders, and block access to either Web Site and/or the other StudyinBritain Sites of any users, who improperly access or use the Personal Information of others or infringe on the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others. We reserve the right to take these actions at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, and without any liability to the account holder who is terminated or to the user whose access is blocked. You are deemed to be responsible for all actions taken by persons to whom you grant access to your account.
Interactions with other Users.
The Web Sites may initially and/or in the future contain chat rooms, public posting forums or one-to-one communication forums permitting direct communications with other Users (each a "Public Access Area"). Any information provided by you in these rooms or forums is deemed to be information available for public viewing, not subject to any disclosure restrictions or representations. We are not responsible for any information posted and/or viewed in such portions of our Web site.
The information and opinions expressed in materials posted in a Public Access Area are not those of StudyinBritain, and StudyinBritain makes no representations or warranties regarding such posted materials. Users should be aware that any information disclosed or posted in any Public Access Area is public, not a private communication. When you voluntarily disclose personal information in a Public Access Area, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. You shall not submit, upload or post to a Public Access Area any content which:
(1) libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening;
(2) infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, including, but not limited to, violating anyone's copyrights or trademarks;
(3) falsifies or deletes author attributions, legal notices or other proprietary designations;
(4) violates any law;
(5) advocates illegal activity;
(6) contains viruses, corrupted files, or other materials that may cause damage to another's computer, or
(7) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or sales of goods or services.
StudyinBritain reserves the right to remove any content from any Public Access Area at any time and without notice. By posting any content in a Public Access Area, you automatically agree to indemnify StudyinBritain and its affiliates, members, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from your breach of these posting restrictions.
By posting in a Public Access Area any content authored or owned by you, you automatically (a) grant to all other Public Access Area participants, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Public Access Area, a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable and unrestricted worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, and distribute the posted content for the limited purposes of discussion and commentary, (b) grant to StudyinBritain and its affiliates a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable and unrestricted worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute the posted content or incorporate the posted content into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed, for any purposes deemed appropriate by StudyinBritain.
No Warranties.
This Web Site acts as a venue for students to search for and learn about schools, colleges and university opportunities in the United Kingdom and other countries. StudyinBritain is not involved in the actual admission process between schools, colleges, universities and students, or any transactions with advertisers appearing on the Web Site or in newsletters. As a result, StudyinBritain has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the offers, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the intent or ability of colleges and universities to offer admission. StudyinBritain is in no way responsible for the ability of colleges to provide a quality education. StudyinBritain is not responsible for the information or recommendations appearing on any forum or chat room associated with any Web Site. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through either Web Site and/or the other StudyinBritain sites.
The Web Site Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. StudyinBritain makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, of any Web Site or the Web Site Content or the timeliness of any services therein provided. The use of the StudyinBritain Sites and the Web Site Content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to the StudyinBritain Sites. While we will endeavour to make these changes at time least likely to interfere with your use of the applicable Web site, such changes may be made at any time.
STUDYINBRITAIN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY STUDYINBRITAIN SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY STUDYINBRITAIN SITE AND ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF ANY STUDYINBRITAIN SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, STUDYINBRITAIN IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE WEB SITES AND WEB SITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, STUDYINBRITAIN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Limitation on Damages.
IN NO EVENT SHALL STUDYINBRITAIN, ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON ANY STUDYINBRITAIN SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY STUDYINBRITAIN SITE AND THE WEB SITE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT STUDYINBRITAIN IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. The aggregate liability for StudyinBritain to you for all claims arising from the use of either Web Site or any other site is limited to the sum of Five and 00/100 Dollars ($5.00).
Use of the Web Site is not a substitute for applying to colleges and universities
Use of the Web Site is not an application to colleges and universities. The Web Site merely assists Users in evaluating alternative colleges and universities as part of the college application process. Students are encouraged to use StudyinBritain.com as a guide to assist them in determining which schools they should consider applying to.
Links to Other Sites.
Each Web Site and the other StudyinBritain Sites contain links to third party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by StudyinBritain of the contents on such third-party web sites. StudyinBritain is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party web sites. If you decide to access linked third party web sites through a Web Site, you do so at your own risk.
No Resale or Unauthorized Commercial Use.
You agree not to resell, assign or transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use. You also agree not to make any unauthorized commercial use of any StudyinBritain Site.
Indemnity.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless StudyinBritain, its members, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising from or resulting to your use of any StudyinBritain Site or your breach of these Terms of Use. StudyinBritain shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
General.
StudyinBritain makes no claims that the Web Sites or the Web Site Content may be lawfully viewed or accessed outside of the United States. If you access a Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under these Terms of Use or the use of the Web Site shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within Cook County, Illinois, United States of America, and by use of a Web Site you submit to the jurisdiction of these courts. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such invalid provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any compliance with these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in additional terms of use for areas of the applicable Web Site, a particular "Legal Notice," or software license or material on particular Web pages, these Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and StudyinBritain with respect to the use of the Web Site. These Terms of Use may amended at any time and from time to time, by a revised posting on this page. We do not undertake any obligation to otherwise notify you of such amendment.
Additional Terms of Use.
Certain areas of each Web Site and the other StudyinBritain Sites are subject to additional terms of use. By using such areas, or any part thereof, you agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas.
Without limiting any of the other disclaimers of warranty set forth in these Terms of Use, StudyinBritain does not provide or make any representations, warranties or guarantees as to the quality or nature of any of the products or services purchased through a Web Site or any other StudyinBritain Site. Any such representation, warranty or guaranty would be furnished solely by the provider of the product or service, under the terms agreed to by the provider.
Last Updated: September 27, 2007
study abroad | college admissions | admissions | college search | scholarships | business scholarships | nursing scholarships | university scholarships | student aid | college scholarships
© 2013 StudyinBritain.com | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy