https://www.adaptive.com/privacy-policy/
Adaptive Privacy Policy - Adaptive
Search
Watch demo
Contact us
+1 202.375.9900
Adaptive
Company
Who We Are
Executive Team
Office Locations
Join Our Team
Awards & Recognition
Blog
News
Events
Products
Adaptive Report Analytics & Consolidation Engine (RACE)
Adaptive Business Glossary Manager
Adaptive Metadata Manager
Adaptive Enterprise Architecture Manager
Adaptive IT Portfolio Manager
Solutions
Adaptive for Data Governance
Adaptive for Data Quality
Adaptive for Regulatory Compliance
Adaptive for Bridging Small and Big Data
Professional Services
Adaptive Business Glossary and Catalog Program
Adaptive Business Excellence Program
Adaptive Metadata Stitching Program
Adaptive Services Voucher Program
Adaptive Knowledge Transfer Program
Partners
Why Partner with Us
Become a Partner
Resources
Whitepapers/Articles
Product Fact Sheets
Case Studies
Affiliated Associations
Supported Standards
Adaptive Privacy Policy
Adaptive’s Solutions for your business
Adaptive eliminates the risky, time-consuming, and expensive side of managing corporate information.
See how our Solutions can improve your business.
learn More
Contact Usor Request a Demo
Contact
request demo
Partnership Opportunities
The Adaptive Partner Program will focus on enhancing partnerships in order to successfully sell, deliver and support the Adaptive suite of products on a global scale.
Become a Partner
Adaptive Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
GDPR Statement
In line with the European General Data Protection Regulations, this is our GDPR statement which helps you to understand clearly who we are and how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website or contact us by another means. Adaptive is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that there is transparency with regard to the processing of your information. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this statement.
WHO WE ARE
Our full legal name is Adaptive, Inc. and our registered office is at 65 Enterprise, Aliso Viejo, CA. 92656.
WHAT WE COLLECT
Your personal details which will probably include your name and your contact details as submitted through applications such as Salesforce or Zendesk, or through our Contact page.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
Adaptive will collect and look after your data for the purpose of delivering services and information to you that you have requested and to correspond with you about our services. We will never pass your information to any party outside of Adaptive unless required by law to do so or given consent. We will never sell or lease your personal information to anyone outside of Adaptive. If you have signed up for the newsletter we will include you on our mailing list for occasional news of Adaptive promotions and offers. You can opt out of this communication permanently at any time.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used a link to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
DATA PROTECTION AND REMOVAL OF DATA
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information we keep on our systems about you please write to the address listed below. If you believe that any information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. You can ask us at any time to delete the information we hold on you by emailing info@adaptive.com.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To administer a survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We engage in this practice because:
In order to compile a contact spreadsheet through applications such as Salesforce and Zendesk
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us at info@adaptive.com
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
info@adaptive.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.adaptive.com
PO Box 305
Chesterfield, VA. 23832
USA
info@adaptive.com
+1 888.399.4621
Last Edited on 2018-06-05
Our Company
Who We Are
Executive Team
News
Events
Contact Us
Products & Services
Business Glossary Manager
Metadata Manager
Enterprise Architecture Manager
IT Portfolio Manager
Adaptive Business Glossary and Catalog Program
Business Excellence Program
Metadata Stitching Program
Services Voucher Program
Adaptive Knowledge Transfer Program
Related Topics
Solutions
Resources
Partners
System Requirements
Sign up for latest news and updates
Submit Now
+1 202.375.9900
Connect with us:
LinkedIN
Copyright © 2020 Adaptive, Inc.
Terms of use | Privacy policy