http://www.nga.gov/notices/privacy-policy.html
Skip to Content
E-mail
Tweet
Share
Admission is always free, timed entry tickets required
Directions
National Gallery of Art
Open Menu
Visit
Visit
Getting Here
Accessibility
Tours, Guides & Maps
Sculpture Garden
Gallery Shops
Food & Drink
Copyist
Visitor Policies
Collection
Collection
Highlights
Search the Collection
Artists
Acquisition Highlights
Blog
Exhibitions
Exhibitions
Current
Special Installations
Upcoming
On Tour
Past
Education
Education
Teachers
Families
NGAkids
Teens
Adults
Interns and Fellows
Learning Resources
Conservation
Conservation
Projects
Publications
Resources
Research
Research
CASVA
Publications
Make an Appointment
Gallery Archives
Library
NGA Online Editions
In Depth
Calendar
Calendar
Film Programs
Music Programs
Gallery Talks
Lectures
Guided Tours
Family Activities
Films for Children and Teens
Community Events
Support
Support
Join National Membership
Donate Now
Become a Circle Member
Planned Giving
Corporate Giving
Major Giving
Gifts of Art
Shop
Shop
Exhibitions
NGA Custom Prints
Books & Media
Stationery
Jewelry
Prints & Posters
Apparel
For the Home
Kids
Previous Menu
Enter your search terms
Close Menu
Home » Notices » Privacy Policy
Enter your search terms
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the National Gallery of Art website and reviewing our privacy policy. As an independent establishment of the United States, the National Gallery of Art is not covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. As a matter of policy, however, the Gallery uses that Act as a guide in providing services to the public.
We will collect no personally identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
Any time you visit our site to browse, read, or download:
We automatically collect and store only the following non-personally identifiable information about you:
the IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web);
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com if you are connecting from an America Online account);
the date and time you access our site;
the pages you visit; and
the Internet address of the website from which you accessed our site
We place cookies on website visitor's computers to collect aggregate information for site traffic analysis, such as the number of visitors and the number of pages viewed and the types of technology our visitors use. (Cookies are small files that are stored in a visitor's browser.) We use a third party vendor, Google Analytics, to place these cookies and process the analysis. We use the data derived from cookies to make content adjustments to the site, implement customer service improvements and generally make the site more interesting and useful to you. We may compile and report aggregate statistics about our users—numbers, traffic patterns, and related site information—but these statistics will not include personally identifiable information. We do not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits.
You may opt out of cookies with the preferences in your browser. You may opt out of Google Analytics using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail containing personal information:
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an e-mail message to one of the addresses listed throughout our site (for example, web feedback, art information, photo requests), or by filling out a survey form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our website. We use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
If you identify yourself by submitting a form to make a gift to the Gallery:
You may choose to provide personal information to make an online gift to the Gallery. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number. All credit card numbers submitted are encrypted using "Secure Socket Layer" (SSL) encryption. SSL technology is an industry standard for protecting sensitive information as it is transmitted over the Internet. Your credit card information will be temporarily stored on a secure server to process your gift. We use your credit card information only to process your gift. We retain the personally identifiable information you provide for our records and to facilitate customer service.
In order to serve you better, we will retain your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address that you provided. The Gallery may use your contact information to advise you of other opportunities to support the Gallery. The Gallery will not share this information with any third parties except to process your gift. When you make your online gift or any time afterward, you may request that the Gallery refrain from contacting you in the future about support opportunities by checking the appropriate box on the "Make a Gift" form or by e-mailing us with this request using the "Contact Us" option on the "Support the Gallery" pages.
If you visit the Gallery's online shop:
You may browse the Gallery's online shop without registering or submitting personally identifiable information.
If you choose to register for an account at our online shop, the Gallery will request the same personally identifiable information used to process an order (which includes your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address). This information is used to create a more personalized experience for you each time you visit by inputting a user name and password that you have selected. Other than your email address, this information is the same information requested when you place an order by telephone or through the mail. With registration you will be able to keep items in a shopping cart that you can review or purchase at a later date, view a history of your past orders at any time and experience a faster checkout. If you need to change any of the information that you provided, you can safely update it any time you log in or it can be permanently removed if you contact us.
While you may choose to register before shopping at our online shop, it is not necessary to do so. If you decide to shop without registering, you will need to provide the information necessary to process your order described above each time you complete the checkout process.
When you register or make a purchase through our online shop, the personally identifiable information and credit card information that you provide will be encrypted using SSL encryption. Your encrypted credit card information will be temporarily stored on a secure server to process your order.
The Gallery will not share your personally identifiable information, shipping destination information or credit card information with any third parties except to process your order or as required by law.
The Gallery uses Google, a third-party company, for analytics as described above and to serve online advertisements to you about the Gallery Shops through the use of cookies placed on your web browser during your visit.  These small files which are stored on a visitor’s browser include a unique ID which does not contain any personally identifiable information.  We use these cookies to provide relevant advertisements to you about the Gallery Shops.  If you would like to opt out of the placement of these cookies, you can set your browser to refuse cookies from our website.  If you choose to do so, you may not be able to take advantage of some of the interactive features of our website.
If you would like more information about cookies and the option not to have them used by third-party companies during your visit to the Gallery’s online shop, you may visit: http://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.shtml.
If you visit the Gallery's NGA Images site:
You may browse, search, and download images from the NGA Images site without registering or submitting personally identifiable information.
If you choose to register for an account, you will be able to save and share images and lightboxes, as well as download publication-ready image files. When registering, the Gallery will request only the information required to fulfill your image request.
For image requests that do not incur service charges, we request only your name and e-mail address. For image requests that incur service charges, such as new photography orders, orders for guide prints, and images requiring customized processing, you will need to provide billing information, including a credit card number, billing and shipping address, and a telephone number. This information will be used only for the processing of your payment and order fulfillment.
Personally identifiable information and credit card information that you provide will be encrypted using SSL encryption. Your encrypted credit card information will be temporarily stored on a secure server to process your order.
If you need to change any of the information in your account after you register, you can safely update it any time you log in. You can permanently remove information from your account if you contact the Gallery at [email protected].
The Gallery will not share your personally identifiable information, shipping destination information, or credit card information with any third parties except to fulfill your image request or as required by law.
Site Security
For website security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, the Gallery computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on the Gallery website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law.
General Contact InformationTelephone: (202) 737-4215
Accessibility Information: (202) 842-6905
View list of departments.
Address
The National Gallery of Art and its Sculpture Garden are located on the National Mall between 3rd and 9th Streets along Constitution Avenue NW, Washington, DC.
Mailing Address
2000B South Club Drive
Landover, MD 20785
Location Address
6th and Constitution Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20565
GPS Location (latitude, longitude):
38.892092, -77.019973
Gallery Hours
The East and West Buildings are currently closed to the public.
Sculpture Garden Hours
The Sculpture Garden will reopen on Saturday, June 20, 2020.
Open daily 11:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Learn more
Press Contact InformationPress Inquiries
Telephone: (202) 842-6353
E-mail: [email protected]
View current press releases
Employment Contact InformationJobline: (202) 842-6298
Telephone: (202) 842-6282
Fax: (202) 789-3011
E-Mail: [email protected]
Search current job announcements
Stay up to date about our exhibitions, news, programs, and special offers.
Email Address
About
About the Gallery
Blog
Press
FAQs
Opportunities
Contact Us
Plan a Visit
Getting Here
Accessibility
Today's Tours
Food & Drink
Calendar
Downloadable Map
Get Involved
Donate
Membership
Volunteer
Shop Online
Resources
Search the Collection
Conservation
Library
Archives
CASVA
Film Programs
Audio/Video
Open Access Images
West Building
6th St and Constitution Ave NW
Closed
Sculpture Garden
7th St and Constitution Ave NW
Closed
East Building
4th St and Constitution Ave NW
Closed
The National Gallery of Art serves the nation by welcoming all people to explore and experience art, creativity, and our shared humanity.
The National Gallery of Art and Sculpture Garden are temporarily closed. Learn more.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
© 2020 National Gallery of Art   Notices   Terms of Use   Privacy Policy