http://www.naspa.org/footer/terms-of-use
Resources
Join
Volunteer
Donate
Login
Follow Us
About
About
Membership
Leadership & Governance
Equity and Justice
Our Impact
About Student Affairs
Work in Student Affairs - TPE
Work at NASPA
Corporate Involvement
Publish with NASPA
Awards
History
Foundation
FAQs
About NASPA
NASPA is a member-centered association supporting a diverse and passionate network of 15,000 professionals and 1,200 institutions across the globe.
Events
Events
NASPA Annual Conference
Virtual Live Briefings, Short Courses, & Engagement Events
National Conferences & Institutes
Regional Annual Conferences
Regional & Community Events
External & Affiliated Events
Registration Policies
Program Submission Guidelines
Continuing Education FAQs
Call for Webinars
NASPA Events
Whether you are looking for a transformational in-person experience, or wanting to learn and engage from where you are, NASPA has the perfect professional development for you.
Publications & Resources
Focus Areas
Focus Areas
Career and Workforce Development
Civic Engagement
Equity, Inclusion and Social Justice
Student Financial Wellness
Health, Safety, and Well-being
Policy and Advocacy
Student Success
Supporting the Profession
Focus Areas
As higher education continues to evolve, NASPA serves a leading role in the innovations that are shaping the future of student affairs.
The Latest
The Latest
NASPA Statements
Press Releases
Projects & Initiatives
Blog
SA Voices from the Field Podcast
The Latest
Check out what's new with NASPA & the field of student affairs.
Communities
Communities
Knowledge Communities
Divisions and Groups
Regions and Areas
Communities
NASPA has many organizations and groups that tailor your NASPA experience to your location, professional level, and institution type.
Terms of Use
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
NASPA reserves the right to change its privacy policies at any time. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. For members of NASPA, this privacy policy is a supplement to, not a replacement for, any other agreements or terms provided by NASPA to you.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of NASPA or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of NASPA, unless otherwise noted, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
You are not permitted to use this website other than for private, non-commercial purposes. Use of the website for any other purpose than the aforementioned private, non-commercial purposes is prohibited. Reuse of any data obtained from this website for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited this includes any automated tools to retrieve data from or enter data into this web site is also strictly prohibited.
TRADEMARKS
NASPA and other marks indicated on this site are registered trademarks of NASPA in the United States and other countries. NASPA’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not NASPA’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits NASPA. All other trademarks not owned by NASPA that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to NASPA.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
NASPA grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of NASPA. This license does not permit any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. No part of this site may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of NASPA. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of NASPA without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing NASPA’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of NASPA. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by NASPA and may subject you to liability. You may not use any NASPA logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of a hyperlink without express written permission.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
NASPA respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied or used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact NASPA using the contact information at the bottom of this page.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by NASPA on an “as is” and “as available” basis. NASPA makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, NASPA disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. NASPA does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from NASPA are free of viruses or other harmful components. NASPA will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising form the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
APPLICABLE LAW
By using any materials on NASPA’s website, you agree that the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and NASPA.