http://www.yu.edu/yeshiva-university-site-privacy-policy
×
Message From Our President
Dear Students, Faculty, Staff and Friends,
I am pleased to present to you this Guide to our plans for the upcoming fall semester and reopening of our campuses. In form and in content, this coming semester will be like no other. We will live differently, work differently and learn differently. But in its very difference rests its enormous power.
The mission of Yeshiva University is to enrich the moral, intellectual and spiritual development of each of our students, empowering them with the knowledge and abilities to become people of impact and leaders of tomorrow. Next year’s studies will be especially instrumental in shaping the course of our students’ lives. Character is formed and developed in times of deep adversity. This is the kind of teachable moment that Yeshiva University was made for. As such, we have developed an educational plan for next year that features a high-quality student experience and prioritizes personal growth during this Coronavirus era. Our students will be able to work through the difficulties, issues and opportunities posed by our COVID-19 era with our stellar rabbis and faculty, as well as their close friends and peers at Yeshiva.
To develop our plans for the fall, we have convened a Scenario Planning Task Force made up of representatives across the major areas of our campus. Their planning has been guided by the latest medical information, government directives, direct input from our rabbis, faculty and students, and best practices from industry and university leaders across the country. I am deeply thankful to our task force members and all who supported them for their tireless work in addressing the myriad details involved in bringing students back to campus and restarting our educational enterprise.
In concert with the recommendations from our task force, I am announcing today that our fall semester will reflect a hybrid model. It will allow many students to return in a careful way by incorporating online and virtual learning with on-campus classroom instruction. It also enables students who prefer to not be on campus to have a rich student experience by continuing their studies online and benefitting from a full range of online student services and extracurricular programs.
In bringing our students back to campus, safety is our first priority. Many aspects of campus life will change for this coming semester. Gatherings will be limited, larger courses will move completely online. Throughout campus everyone will need to adhere to our medical guidelines, including social distancing, wearing facemasks, and our testing and contact tracing policies. Due to our focus on minimizing risk, our undergraduate students will begin the first few weeks of the fall semester online and move onto the campus after the Jewish holidays. This schedule will limit the amount of back and forth travel for our students by concentrating the on-campus component of the fall semester to one consecutive segment.
Throughout our planning, we have used the analogy of a dimmer switch. Reopening our campuses will not be a simple binary, like an on/off light switch, but more like a dimmer in which we have the flexibility to scale backwards and forwards to properly respond as the health situation evolves. It is very possible that some plans could change, depending upon the progression of the virus and/or applicable state and local government guidance.
Before our semester begins, we will provide more updates reflecting our most current guidance. Please check our website, yu.edu/fall2020 for regular updates. We understand that even after reading through this guide, you might have many additional questions, so we will be posting an extensive FAQ section online as well. Additionally, we will also be holding community calls for faculty, students, staff and parents over the next couple of months.
Planning for the future during this moment has certainly been humbling. This Coronavirus has reminded us time and time again of the lessons from our Jewish tradition that we are not in full control of our circumstances. But our tradition also teaches us that we are in control of our response to our circumstances. Next semester will present significant challenges and changes. There will be some compromises and minor inconveniences--not every issue has a perfect solution. But faith and fortitude, mutual cooperation and resilience are essential life lessons that are accentuated during this period. And if we all commit to respond with graciousness, kindness, and love, we can transform new campus realities into profound life lessons for our future.
Deeply rooted in our Jewish values and forward focused in preparing for the careers and competencies of the future, we journey together with you, our Yeshiva University community, through these uncharted waters. Next year will be a formative year in the lives of our students, and together we will rise to the moment so that our students will emerge stronger and better prepared to be leaders of the world of tomorrow.
Best Wishes,
Ari Berman
Don't show again
Skip to main content
.
Fall 2020 Opening Plan: Please refer to our latest updates here
Skip to desktop navigation to bypass mobile navigation
Main navigation
About
Administration
President
Provost
Deans and Directors
Board of Trustees
History
History Timeline of YU
Dr. Bernard Revel
Dr. Samuel Belkin
Dr. Norman Lamm
Dr. Richard M. Joel
The Lamm Heritage
Visiting Us
Vision and Values
Academics
Undergraduate
New Pathways and Dual Degrees
Katz School of Science and Health
Stern College for Women
Summer Session
Sy Syms School of Business
Yeshiva College
Graduate
New Pathways and Dual Degrees
Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Azrieli Graduate School of Jewish Education & Administration
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law
Bernard Revel Graduate School of Jewish Studies
Ferkauf Graduate School of Psychology
Graduate Program In Advanced Talmudic Studies
Katz School of Science and Health
Sy Syms School of Business
Wurzweiler School of Social Work
Seminary
Belz School Of Jewish Music
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary
Torah Studies
Men's Studies
Women's Studies
Centers & Institutes
The Emil A. and Jenny Fish Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies at Yeshiva University
Center for Israel Studies
Center for the Jewish Future
Center For Jewish Law
Jacob E. Safra Institute For Sephardic Studies
Makor College Experience
Rabbi Arthur Schneier Program For International Affairs
Straus Center for Torah & Western Thought
Registrar
Services
Academic Advisement
Academic Support
Career Center
Provost
Writing Centers
Faculty
Undergraduate Admissions
Apply / Enroll
Information for Admitted Students
Application Process
Freshman Applicants
Associates of Liberal Arts
Associate in Management Applicants
Early Admissions Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Honors Applicants
Post Pesach Program
Israel Program
Events
Virtual Open House
YU National Model UN
Sarachek Tournament
Student Finance
Finance Your Education
Academic Scholarships
Need-Based Scholarships
Visit YU
Visit YU Virtually
YU in Your Town
Directions / Parking
Life in NYC
MY YU Story
Contact Us
Graduate Admissions
Graduate Schools and Programs
Graduate Financial Aid
Student Life
Campus Maps
Living at YU
Men's Housing
Women's Housing
Kosher Dining
Parents Corner
Shabbat Programming
Life in New York City
YUcard
Student Organizations
Athletics
Resources & Services
Career Center
Counseling Center
Disability Services
Health Insurance
Health And Wellness
International Students and Scholars
Madrichot Ruchaniot
Mashgichim Ruchaniim
S'gan-Mashgichim
Standards and Policies
Graduate Student Life
Cardozo Student Life
Ferkauf Student Life
Katz Student Life
Orientation
My YU Story
Contact
Jewish Living & Learning
RIETS
Center for the Jewish Future
Sephardic Programs
YU in Israel
Counterpoint Israel
Israel Alumni
Israel Hi-Tech Tours
YUNIT
Contact Us
Torah Studies
Men's Studies
Women's Studies
Graduate Program In Advanced Talmudic Studies For Women
Support YU
Where to Give
Emergency Scholarship Campaign
Find Your Cause
Support a School or Program
Ways to Give
Cash or Check
Planned Gifts and Estates
Corporate Matching Gifts
Other Types of Gifts
Gift FAQs
Donor Community and Impact
Benefactors
Canadian Friends of Yeshiva University
Donor Community
Donor Stories
Donor Impact
President's Society
YU's Contributions to the World
Yeshiva University Site Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: 5/02/2019
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the yu.edu network of web sites that post or link directly to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”) and explains how we collect, use, and disclose your information.
Yeshiva University (“YESHIVA” or “we” or “us”) publishes and maintains the Site. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect through the Site.
You agree to the use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy each time you visit the Site, so we urge you to read this document in full, and contact us as described in the Contact Us[  section below if you have any questions. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Site’s Terms of Use]  which also governs your use of the Site.
Quick Links
Click on the links below ] to go to a specific section of this Privacy Policy.
Purpose
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Non-Personal Information
Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
Closing Accounts
Wireless Addresses
Information Security, Integrity, and Retention
Consent to Processing
Third Party Web Sites and Services
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children
Contact Us
Purpose
Your privacy is a serious matter to us. This Privacy Policy explains, in general, what Personal Information and other information is collected on our Site, how the information is used, and with whom we may share such information. Please take a few minutes to read our Privacy Policy so that you understand how YESHIVA treats your information.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
YESHIVA has a policy to comply with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (aka “FERPA”). Our FERPA  policy is available for your review.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal Information is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you.  This can include, for example, name; address; photos; e-mail address; telephone, wireless and/or fax number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; or credit card number. Personal information also includes anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal Information does not include information that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain other than through our Site, such as by phone, through postal mail and through other live and print media.
You do not have to provide Personal Information to use the Site. However, in order for you to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Site, we may require that you provide Personal Information.
What Personal Information We Collect
In order to make your use of our Site as worthwhile as possible, we may gather different kinds of Personal Information from or about you.
Information you provide: We collect the Personal Information you provide when you use the Site or otherwise interact with us, through users’ activities and the completion of online forms such as when users register or subscribe for accounts or features on our Site, order event tickets, complete surveys, join online communities, create profile pages, upload photographs, contribute to open forums that we may make available on or through our Site, submit a comment or question to us using a “Feedback”, “Contact Us” or similar feature on our Site, send us an e-mail, or in any other way submit Personal Information to us via our Site.
Information about payments: When you make a purchase or donation through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number (for example, your wireless account number), billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, “Payment Information”) from you, and may use Payment Information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide Payment Information, or other Personal Information provided by you, to third parties as necessary to complete your transaction (for example, to process your credit card or payment account number). To the extent that Payment Information includes Non-Personal Information, use of Non-Personal Information is governed by the section on Non-Personal Information [] below. We also may use third party payment services (each, a “Payment Service”) to collect payments made through the Site. If you wish to make a payment through the Site using third party payment services, you will be directed to a web page that is hosted by the Payment Service (or the Payment Service's service providers) and not by YESHIVA (such page, the “Payment Service Page”). Any Personal Information that you provide through the Payment Service Page will be collected by Payment Service and not by YESHIVA, and will be subject to Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Policy. YESHIVA has no control over, and shall not be responsible for, Payment Service's use of information collected through the Payment Service Page.
Information about use of our services: When you visit the Site, we may collect information about the type of device you use, your device’s unique identifier, the IP address of your device, the type of Internet browser that you use, usage information, diagnostic information, and location information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices on which you install or access our products, programs or services. Where available, our services may use GPS, your IP address, and other technologies to determine a device’s approximate location to allow us to improve our products, programs and services.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Generally speaking, we use Personal Information for internal business and record keeping purposes; provide, improve, and develop our programs and services; to communicate with you; to offer targeted advertisements and programs; and to protect us and our users.
Provide you requested products, programs and services: We use Personal Information to help us provide you the products, programs and services your request, and to respond to your inquiries about our offerings.
Provide, improve, and develop our products, programs and services: We use Personal Information to help us provide, improve, and develop our products, programs, services, and advertising. This includes using Personal Information for purposes such as data analysis, research, and audits. Such processing is based on our legitimate interest in offering you products, programs and services and for business continuity.
Communicate with you: Subject to your prior express consent, we may use Personal Information to offer you products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to notify you when we make changes to our services, to fulfill a request by you, to process transactions, or to contact you about your relationship with us. Also subject to your express consent, we may send you notices (e.g. in the form of e-mails, mailings), and otherwise correspond with you, about programs and events sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. We also may use your Personal Information to process and respond to your requests when you use the Feedback/Contact Us area of the Site or otherwise contact us.
Offer and measure targeted advertisements and services: Subject to your prior express consent, we may use Personal Information to personalize your experience with our products, programs and services and on third party web sites and applications and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
Promote safety and security: We use Personal Information to help verify accounts and user activity, as well as to promote safety and security, such as by monitoring fraud and investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms or policies. Such processing is based on our legitimate interest in helping ensure the safety of our products, programs and services.
For any of the uses of your data described above that require your prior express consent, note that you may withdraw your consent by following the instructions in the Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information  section below.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We make certain Personal Information available to strategic partners that work with us to provide our products, programs and services.
Public Forums: When you contribute to a public area or feature of our Site, such as a chat room, community, bulletin board, list serve, personal web page, calendar, news group, blog, wiki or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Site, the information that you submit may be made available to the general public. For this reason, we recommend that you exercise caution when submitting any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, other information that would enable other users to locate you, or financial information on these areas of our Site. Within many of these public forums, YESHIVA may provide you privacy options that allow you to restrict the ability of others to use and view your Personal Information.
Third Party Offers: Subject to your prior express consent, we may provide you with an opportunity to receive offers from third party entities that have services, programs and offers that we think might be of interest to you. Also subject to your prior express consent, we may from time to time provide your Personal Information to these entities so that they may send you these offers. These companies are obligated to protect your information. You may withdraw your consent to receive such offers by following the instructions in the Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information[  section below.
Service Providers: We may use third party service providers to help operate our Site and provide services, including, but not limited to, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment and other services of an administrative nature. We may share Personal Information about you with these third parties for the purpose of enabling them to provide services to you or to us (for example, if you choose to make a purchase through the Site, we may share your Payment Information or other Personal Information with our third party service providers to fulfill your purchase, including, without limitation, to process your credit card or payment account number or to ship products to you).
Legally Compelled Disclosures; Emergencies: We may disclose Personal Information to others as we believe to be appropriate (a) where permitted or required by applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from governmental or public authorities; (d) to enforce our Terms of Use; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of YESHIVA, you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Assignment: We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of YESHIVA’s operation or assets (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Your express consent will be obtained if, for any of the above actions or events, it is required under applicable law.
Non-Personal Information
When you visit and interact with the Site, YESHIVA and its third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information (for example, a catalog of Site pages you visit). Non-Personal Information is generally collected through the Site from different sources: (i) cookies; (ii) clear GIFs and similar technologies; (iii) environmental variables; and (iv) information that you voluntarily provide.
Cookies: We and our service providers may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for recordkeeping and other purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most web sites, and can facilitate users' ongoing access to and use of a particular web site; cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular web site, to your computer. Please read our Cookie Policy[  to learn more about how we use cookies and the choices you have.
Clear GIFs: We and our service providers may use “clear GIFs” (aka “web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, in the Site and/or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is used to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and e-mail recipients, to determine the success of marketing campaigns, and to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates.
Environmental Variables: We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most web sites, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.
Information That You Voluntarily Provide: YESHIVA also collects Non-Personal Information (e.g., demographic information, your interests, your geographic location) when you voluntarily provide such information to us. This information is Non-Personal Information because, unless combined with Personal Information, it does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site. Additionally, we may aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site, for example, by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code. Such aggregate information is considered Non-Personal Information for purposes of this Policy.
IP Address: Our servers automatically collect data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. When you request pages from our Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Site; the web site you visit after this Site; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Site or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We and our service providers use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet service provider.
Disclosure of Non-Personal Information
Because Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share Non-Personal Information with third parties for any purpose.
In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information or IP Addresses with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographic location). If we do combine any Non-Personal Information or IP Addresses with Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete the Personal Information that we collect. You are also entitled to object, at any time, to the further processing of your Personal Information. You have the right to receive your Personal Information in a structured and standard format. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your Personal Information.
You may have the right to make choices regarding certain uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Site, you may have the opportunity to consent to receiving certain types of correspondence from us, or to whether your information will be shared with third parties for marketing purposes. You may also make a request regarding how your information is used by sending an e-mail to opt-out@yu.edu[]  or by clicking on an opt-out link within an e-mail you receive. Clearly indicate what choices you are making (electing not to receive promotional communications message from YESHIVA or requesting that we not share information with third parties for the third parties’ marketing purposes). Please understand that if you withdraw your consent or opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, donations and communications with us.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent or opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove Personal Information about you from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared Personal Information as of the date on which we implement your opt-out request. If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from third parties, please contact the third parties directly or use any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails.
Access and Correction
If you would like to access Personal Information we have collected about you through the Site or if you would like to update, correct or limit the use of any Personal Information you have provided to us via the Site, please contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below.
For your protection, we will only implement such requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request and consistent with applicable law. You must clearly indicate the Personal Information that you wish to have changed, clearly indicate that you wish to have your Personal Information or clearly indicate the limitations you wish to put on our use of your Personal Information. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
You may contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below to exercise your rights. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe, and in any event in less than 30 days.
Closing Accounts
Please contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below to close your account. If you close your account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and we may delete any or all of your information without liability.
However, we may retain information related to you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, if required by law, or for legitimate purposes, such as analysis of Non-Personal Information, account recovery, auditing our records, and enforcing our rights and obligations under our agreements.
Wireless Addresses
If the e-mail address you provide to us is a wireless e-mail address, you agree to receive messages at such address from YESHIVA (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information section above] ). You understand that your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions in the Your Rights: Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information section above] . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.
Information Security, Integrity, and Retention
While YESHIVA will use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect the security and integrity of sensitive Personal Information provided to this Site, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. Please do not send us sensitive information through email.
You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify YESHIVA by contacting us in accordance with the Contact Us]  section below of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Consent to Processing
By providing Personal Information to this Site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories.
Third Party Web Sites and Services
When you are on our Site you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not operated by YESHIVA. (As an example, when you want to make a purchase from our online store, you link to a third party web site to place your order.) These sites may collect Personal Information about you. YESHIVA does not control sites that are operated by these entities and is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those third parties, nor are we responsible for the information or content their products and services contain. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by us. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third parties before proceeding to use their web sites, products, programs or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
YESHIVA reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our other policies or practices, at any time and for any reason, and will notify users of this Site by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our Site or sending you an e-mail. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last updated by referring to the “Last Modified” date above.
Your continued use of our products, programs and services after the effective date of the Privacy Policy means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our programs or services and contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below to close any account you may have created.
Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children
Our programs and services are intended for adults. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information of a child under 16, or the equivalent minimum age depending on the jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. Please immediately contact us as described in the Contact Us]  section below if you become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you can use the Feedback/Contact Us section of the Site, or contact us via email at webmaster@yu.eduor by mail at ITS, 500 West 185th Street, New York, New York, 10033.
Yeshiva University Site Cookie Policy
Last Modified:  05/02/2019
This Cookie Policy applies to your use of the yu.edu network of web sites that post or link directly to this Cookie Policy (collectively, the “Site”) and explains how we use cookies on our web sites and online services and the choices you have.
Yeshiva University and/or one or more of its constituent schools (Yeshiva University and its constituent schools, collectively, “YESHIVA” or “we” or “us”) publishes and maintains the Site.
Definition of “Cookies”
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers. Cookies are widely used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices. We also use other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, for similar purposes. In this Cookie Policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.”
Types of Cookies
We use cookies to provide, protect, and improve our products, programs and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience. We describe below the various types of cookies we use and the purposes they perform. Please note that the specific cookies we may use vary depending on the specific web sites and services you use.
Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with our web sites and services and to enable essential features, such as providing shopping cart or live chat functionality. If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to fulfill your request.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use our web sites and services and allow us to remember the choices you make while browsing. The information these cookies collect allows us to optimize our web sites and make them easier for you to use, and it does not personally identify you. If you disable or opt-out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our web sites and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.
Analytics and customization cookies: These cookies collect information we use in aggregate form to help us understand how our web sites and services are being used and how effective our marketing campaigns are, and help us customize our web sites. If you disable or opt-out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our web sites and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.
Advertising cookies: These cookies collect information about your browsing or shopping history and are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same advertisement from continuously reappearing, ensuring that advertisements are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.  We may share this information with third parties to help create and deliver advertising personalized to you and your interests. If you disable or opt-out of these cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our web sites and services, and it may reduce the support or information that we can provide you.
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content on our web sites and services through third party social networking and other web sites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Cookies Placed by Third Parties
You may also encounter cookies on our web sites that are placed by third parties. For example, when you make purchases or donations online, our e-commerce vendor may use cookies and other technologies. We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our web sites to track information about your online activities and/or across third party sites or online services, including to send you targeted advertisements based on that information, which may include the remarketing of our products, programs and services that you have viewed on our web sites and on third party web sites.
This Cookie Policy does not apply to the cookies, applications, technologies or web sites that are owned by and/or operated by third parties, or such third parties’ practices, even if they use or access our technology to store or collect information. To understand how third parties use cookies, please review their privacy policies.
Controlling and Opting Out of Cookies
Your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. For more information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, visit your browser or device's help material. If you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our web sites and services.
These opt-out mechanisms rely on cookies to remember your choices. If you delete your cookies, use another computer or device, or change browsers, you will need to repeat the opt-out process. In addition, opting out of interest-based advertisements will not opt you out of all advertisements, but rather only those advertisements that are personalized to your interests.
Do Not Track
Some browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals. Since uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not been adopted, we do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. Instead, we adhere to the standards described in our Privacy Policy and this Cookie Policy.
Other Documents
See Terms and Conditions
List of Trademarks