https://www.bandonhistoricalmuseum.org/privacy.html
Thank you for visiting!
Bandon Historical
Society Museum
Home
About Us
Collections
Photographs
Exhibits
Genealogy
Bandon History
Newsletter Archive
Activities
Calendar
Education
Museum Blog
Join Us
Gift Shop
Contact
Privacy Policy
last updated 11/17/2017
Privacy Policy
The Bandon Historical Society (BHS) and its related Web Site (
www.bandonhistoricalmuseum.org ) recognizes and respects the
importance of maintaining the privacy of our members, Web Site
visitors and gift shop customers and has established this Privacy
Policy as a result. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform
you of:
the personal information we may collect
from you when you visit our museum and Web Site, respond to our
emails, make donations, place orders via mail or our online gift shop,
or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, or mail,
why we gather information from you, • how
we collect it, • how we use it, and
the choices you have regarding our use of
personal information you have provided.
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of our Web
Site.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain or
disclose personal information from or about children. You can view
information on the Web Site anonymously without providing any personal
information unless you voluntarily use one of our comment, feedback,
contact or membership forms, email or phone us or make an online
purchase or donation.
Why do we gather information?
BHS gathers personal information to help
improve our Web Site to provide a more meaningful and useful experience;
to improve our gift shop products and customer service; to communicate
with you on BHS related business, events, fundraisers and newsletters;
to process your gift shop orders and/or donations; and to inform you of
special offers or information we believe may be of interest to you.
What information do we gather?
We collect information through our Web Site,
emails, mail, and telephone, including when you:
place an order,
make a donation
join as a BHS member
use one of the comment, feedback,
question, or contact forms on the Web Site.
Depending on how you interact with us, we or
our third party supporting vendors collect some or all of the following
types of information:
your name, mailing and shipping address,
telephone number, email address
billing information (credit card number,
expiration date and billing address) is collected by our third party
payment vendor, PayPal. This information is not collected, stored or
retained by BHS.
Gift shop products purchased.
Donation amounts and names of donor and
people being memorialized if the donation is a memorial donation.
Our web hosting vendor GoDaddy’s servers
and our use of Google Analytics will log data that may include your IP
address, internet provider, browser type, computer operating system,
time of day, pages viewed, and search requests.
How we use “Cookies” and “Action Tags”
A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your
browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We have
relationships with third parties (such as PayPal for payment
transactions and MailChimp for email campaigns) who may receive
information directly from the cookies placed on your computer to assist
in analyzing our business and customers. For example, a cookie is used
in our gift shop shopping cart to keep track of items you select for
purchase and then process them for payment and shipment. Most web
browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of
cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the
Web Site, such as the shopping cart, may not function properly.
They may also use a common web technology
called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to
track usage and web activity information. Action tags (including third
party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking
purposes. PayPal’s and MailChimp’s privacy policies are available at
their respective web sites.
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to
collect information about use of this Web Site, such as how often users
visit the Web Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what site
referred them to this Web Site.
Google Analytics collects only the IP address
assigned to you on the date you visit this Web Site, rather than your
name or other identifying information. Google Analytics plants a
permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user
the next time you visit this Web Site. This cookie cannot be used by
anyone but Google, Inc. The information generated by the cookie will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
We use the information received from Google
Analytics only to improve services on this Web Site. We do not combine
the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with
personally identifiable information.
Google’s ability to use and share information
collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Web Site is
restricted by the Google
Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing
you on return visits to this Web Site by disabling the Google Analytics cookie on your
browser.
This Web Site uses Google’s Custom Search tool
to provide an effective means of searching the Web Site. When used, the
Custom Search tool will generate Google advertisements which will appear
at the beginning of the search results and by clicking on those
advertisements you will be taken to web sites not associated with BHS or
this Web Site. These advertisements are clearly marked by Google as
advertisements.
How We Use the Information We Collect
BHS gathers personal information to help
improve our Web Site to provide a more meaningful and useful Web Site
experience; to improve our gift shop products and customer service; to
communicate with you on BHS related business, events, fundraisers and
newsletters; to process your gift shop orders and/or donations; to
respond to your inquiries and to inform you of special offers or
information we believe may be of interest to you.
Email, mailing and shipping addresses are
used to respond to inquiries, ship gift shop purchases, send
newsletters, flyers and information related to the operation of BHS and
its museum, communicate upcoming museum events and communicate
information on fundraising efforts. We list new BHS members, donors and
memorial donation names in our newsletters.
We and our payment vendor PayPal use
information we collect to communicate with you, to process your gift
shop orders and if necessary to process a credit or refund. Donations
made on the Web Site are also processed through our payment vendor
PayPal.
We reserve the right to disclose information
you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and
law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view,
to operate the Web Site and to protect the rights or property of BHS.
Information collected by Google Analytics is
used to help us understand how visitors find our Web Site and what our
visitors are interested in viewing so that we can continue to improve
the content of the Web Site and make the experience more interesting to
the visitor.
Consent to Transfer and Submission
This Web Site is operated in the United
States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware
that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United
States. By using the Web Site or otherwise providing us with
information, you hereby consent to this transfer.
Although personal information collected by us
through the Web Site, emails, mail, and telephone is used by us in
accordance with this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the
protection of personal data in the U.S. may not be as stringent as those
in other countries.
Links to Other Web Sites
BHS wants you to be aware that when you click
on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party
web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use
of those web sites, not ours. We encourage you to read the posted
privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing
any personal information to, any other web site.
How to Limit the Use of Personal
Information
We want to communicate with you only to the
extent you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to have personal
information collected from you via the Web Site, emails, mail, and
telephone shared with third parties, or to set your preferences
concerning promotional communications, please follow the directions
below.
Third Parties
We do not share personal information you
provide with third parties (other than those specifically required to
conduct transactions related to payments or donations you initiate, Web
Site hosting services required in the operation of this Web Site or in
the use of our bulk emailing vendor for BHS related operations) without
your consent.
Corrections
If you would like to update, correct or delete
information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your
new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email
address to info@bandonhistoricalmuseum.org or mail to: Bandon Historical
Society PO Box 737 Bandon OR 97411
You may also modify or opt out of bulk BHS
emails sent through our MailChimp vendor by selecting “update your
preferences” or “unsubscribe from this list” links at the bottom of the
email.
Your Consent and Changes to this Policy
Subject to the above provisions, by using our
Web Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms
of Use, of which this policy is a part. We may change our Privacy Policy
from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions
from our members and visitors are incorporated or other changes are
made. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on our Web Site with a
revised effective date. The date on which the current Privacy Policy and
overall Terms of Use took effect is listed at the top of the Privacy
Policy and Terms of Use (see "Last Updated" at the top of each).
Comments
BHS welcomes feedback concerning this Privacy
Policy. Please send your comments and questions to
info@bandonhistoricalmuseum.org .
Physical Address of BHS
The office of the Bandon Historical Society
and its museum are located at 270 Fillmore Ave., Bandon Oregon 97411.
The mailing address is PO Box 737, Bandon, OR 97411.
©2016-2017 Bandon
Historical Society
Design by
WowThemesNet