http://www.grandview.edu/about/policies-disclosures
Warning! Your browser is extremely outdated and not web standards compliant.Your browsing experience would greatly improve by upgrading to a modern browser.
COVID-19 Planning Learn moreCOVID-19 PlanningX
Visit
Apply
Contact
AboutAbout GVCommunity & VisitorsDiversityFaculty & Staff DirectoryInstitutional InformationPolicies & Disclosures
Policies & Disclosures
Federal regulations require that institutions provide specific consumer information about the school and about financial aid to enrolled and prospective students at Grand View University. The information below will explain in detail the various campus policies and disclosure statements, including student outcomes data.
Institutional & Specialized Accreditation
Higher Learning Commission
Grand View and its undergraduate and graduate programs are accredited by the Higher Learning Commission, a regional accreditation agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Grand View University is authorized by the Iowa College Student Aid Commission to operate in Iowa and to participate in the National Council for State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements. NC-SARA is a voluntary, regional approach to state oversight of post-secondary distance education. In addition to the grievance policy stated in the Student Complaints and Student Grievances sections of the Grand View University Catalog, students may contact the Iowa College Student Aid Commission at (877) 272-4456 or by going here.
The Higher Learning Commission
230 S. La Salle Street
Suite 7-500
Chicago, Illinois 60604
1(800) 621-7440 or (312) 263-0456
Program Accreditation
Athletic Training Program
Grand View University is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE) located at 6850 Austin Center Blvd., Suite 100, Austin, TX 78731-3184. The program will have its next comprehensive review during the (2023-2024) academic year.
Biochemistry Program
The B.S. Degree in Biochemistry at Grand View University is accredited by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (ASBMB) accreditation. Details about program accreditation can be found here.
Nursing Program
The baccalaureate degree in nursing at Grand View University is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, 665 K Street, NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20001, (202) 887-6791.
The baccalaureate program has full approval by the Iowa Board of Nursing.
Social Work Program
Grand View University has been granted Initial Accreditation by the Council on Social Work Education (CSWE) Commission on Accreditation. A program that has achieved Initial Accreditation has demonstrated full ability to comply with Educational Policy and Accreditation Standards.
Teacher Education Program
The Grand View teacher education program is approved by:
The Iowa Department of Education
Grimes State Office Building
400 E. 14th Street
Des Moines, IA 50319
(515) 281-5294
Distance Learning & Authorization Status
The U.S. Department of Education expects educational institutions that offer distance or online education programs to students residing in states other than the home state of the institution to comply with applicable regulations in those states. Requirements for educational institutions vary by state.
Many states, including Iowa, have voluntarily joined together in the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA), which provides authorization for participating educational institutions to offer certain activities to students in other SARA-member states. Grand View University was approved for institutional participation in SARA on July 17, 2017.
While Grand View endeavors to comply with the requirements established in each state, various state conditions and fees may prohibit Grand View from achieving authorization in every state. In addition, state requirements and Grand View's approval status may change over time so prospective students residing outside of Iowa who are interested in enrolling in Grand View programs should contact admissions to confirm whether Grand View is authorized to offer online programming in their state. Grand View's Admissions staff can answer questions about state authorization.
In addition to regulating online programs, several non-SARA states require institutions to be authorized by state authorities if Grand View students will be placed in credit-bearing internships or clinical rotations at a location or organization in the state. Consequently, Grand View cannot assure that students will be allowed to select internships or clinical rotation sites in every state.
Online Programs & Clinical Rotations
At this time, Grand View is unable to accept applications for online programs from applicants who are legal residents of California, Florida, Massachusetts, or Puerto Rico.
Questions & Complaints
Prospective students are encouraged to ask about Grand View's ability to allow distance learning activities in their state before enrolling any program. Questions can be directed to admissions @ grandview.edu.
State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements
Grand View University is authorized by the Iowa College Student Aid Commission to operate in Iowa and to participate in the National Council for State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements. NC-SARA is a voluntary, regional approach to state oversight of postsecondary distance education. In addition to the grievance policy stated in the Student Complaints and Student Grievances sections of the Grand View University Catalog, students may contact the Iowa College Student Aid Commission at (877) 272-4456 or by using the following URL: https://www.iowacollegeaid.gov/StudentComplaintForm
Policies & Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Grand View University takes the privacy rights of the University community, and our privacy obligations under the law, very seriously. To this end, Grand View has established and maintains reasonable procedures to comply with all legal obligations regarding privacy and to ensure that all our obligations are fulfilled. This includes reasonable and appropriate restrictions on access to information provided to us. Grand View University uses technology to manage and maintain information. In doing so, we take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that our systems are, and continue to be, secure. We strictly follow all legal prohibitions on the sharing of information.
General Data Protection Regulations
Grand View University is committed to protecting the personally identifiable information of our prospective and current students and employees. This policy explains what type of information we might collect from you, and how we will use it.
When we collect personally identifiable information from you, we will use it to provide you with further information about Grand View and process your application to study or work at Grand View. We also collect information on how users interact with our website by tracking IP addresses through cookies. Cookies facilitate a better experience for you the next time you visit our website, but you may change your browser settings to not accept cookies.
Should you become a degree-seeking student at GV, we will use your information to fulfill our basic contract with you: in exchange for the payment of tuition and fees, Grand View will provide academic instruction and assessment within a defined curriculum, and other services and activities typically provided at an institution of higher learning.
Once you are a student at Grand View, your information is also protected by U.S. privacy laws, including the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 as amended (FERPA), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA), and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), as appropriate.
Should you become an employee at GV, we will use your information to process your pay, provide you with benefits, and ensure our compliance with federal and state laws related to your employment and our responsibilities as an employer. Your information is protected by HIPPA and GLBA, as appropriate.
With the exception of directory information, Grand View will not release your information to a third party without your written consent.  We may engage third party vendors to perform certain functions necessary to provide our service to you. These vendors may have access to your information in order to perform these functions, but they may not use your information for their own purposes.
If you have any questions about your personal information or its use, please contact us at provost @ grandview.edu or (515) 263-2805.
Smoke-Free Policy
In compliance with Iowa’s Smokefree Air Act, Grand View University is a smoke-free campus.
Policy Group: I. Miscellaneous
Scope: All Employees, Students, Affiliated Persons and/or Organizations, Applicants, and Visitors
Effective Date: 1 July 2008
Version: 1.1
Approved Date: 21 Jul 2008
By: President’s Council
Objective: To reduce the level of exposure by the students, faculty, staff, contractors, visitors, and general public to environmental tobacco smoke in order to improve the public health.
Definition: Smoking means inhaling, exhaling, burning, or carrying any lighted cigar, cigarette, pipe, or other tobacco product in any manner or in any form, including electronic or e-cigarettes.
Provisions: Smoking is prohibited on all campus property and vehicles. This includes:
In all buildings on campus. This includes all dorm rooms, suites, and apartments; work areas, private offices, conference and meeting rooms; classrooms, auditoriums, lounges, and cafeterias; stairways, hallways, and other enclosed spaces.
On all property maintained by Grand View University, including either leased or owned property, athletic fields, sidewalks, and parking lots.
Seating areas of outdoor sports events, stadium, amphitheaters, and other outdoor entertainment venues.
In all vehicles owned, leased, or rented by Grand View University.
In all vehicles when parked on University property.
There are no designated smoking areas within any Grand View University facility or on any grounds.
Associated Procedures
The University shall:
Clearly and conspicuously post signs that say “no smoking’ or include the international “no smoking” symbol in and at every entrance to Grand View University buildings.
Post no smoking signs in vehicles owned or leased by Grand View University, that are visible from the outside.
Make no ash receptacles available on campus.
Supervisory employees and others who have custody or control of an area, shall inform individuals when they are in violation of the Iowa Smokefree Air Act, may be subject to a $50 fine from law enforcement, and request that the individual stop smoking immediately.
If the individual refuses to stop smoking, the supervisor or person with custody or control of an area may request that the individual leave the area where smoking is prohibited.
If the individual refuses to leave the area where smoking is prohibited, the state or local law enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the area where smoking is prohibited may be notified.
Weapons Policy
Grand View has zero tolerance for weapons on campus except when expressly authorized by the University. Possession or use of firearms (or look alikes), explosives, other weapons, dangerous chemicals or compounds or other dangerous objects of no reasonable use to the student on the campus, or the brandishing of any object in a threatening manner on University premises are not permitted. (Legal defense sprays are not covered by this section.)
Non-Discrimination Policy
Applicants for admission and employment, students, employees and sources of referral of applicants for admission and employment are hereby notified that Grand View University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry or disability in admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs and activities, services or practices.
Any person having inquiries concerning the University’s compliance with the regulations implementing Title VI, Title IX and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disability Act is directed to contact the vice president for administration and finance, (515) 263-2821, who has been designated as the equal employment opportunity and affirmative action officer.
Any person also may contact the Department of Education, regarding the University’s compliance with regulations implementing Title VI, Title IX and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disability Act.
Student-Specific Policies
Educational Records Policy (PDF)
Student Handbook (PDF)
Financial Aid Handbook (PDF)
Financial Aid
Parking Policies & Fees
Student Outcomes Data
Student Right to Know Graduation Rate Report (PDF)
Post-Graduate Survey Information (PDF)
Graduate Program Persistence Data Report
Undergraduate Licensing Pass Rates
Disclosure Reports
Security Act Report - Clery Crime Statistics (PDF)
Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act Annual Report (PDF)
Equity in Athletics Report
Campus Fire Safety Report (PDF)
Drug Free Campus Biennial Report (PDF)
Campus Security and Higher Education Act Report (PDF)
Forms
Release of Information Form
Relationships & Authorizations Online form
Lighthouse Reporting Tool
An anonymous and confidential reporting tool of misconduct or inappropriate activity. Lighthouse is to be utilized for issues pertaining to one or more of the following:
discrimination or harassment
sexual harassment
concerns related to diversity, sensitivity, tolerance and acceptance
Students are still encouraged to discuss these kinds of issues with the vice president for student affairs, the associate vice president for student affairs, the director of multicultural and community outreach or Human Resources. In addition, Lighthouse may be used to file a report either online or by calling (833) 690-0044.