http://www.customsolutions.us/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy for Web Sites Owned and Operated by Custom Solutions
Web Sites Covered
This privacy policy covers all web sites owned and operated by Custom Solutions,
located at 125 Buckskin Lane, Streamwood, IL
60107.
This includes, but is not
limited to, customsolutions.us, provemyspeed.com, learningtools,us, todolist.co,
powerofspeech.info, and ultimatevoiceassistant.com.
Collection and Use of Information
Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you, specifically your name, postal delivery address, e-mail address, payment method (e.g., credit card or debit card) and telephone number, as well as other information when such information is combined with your personal information.
When you register or re-register at our Web site, we ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts. For similar reasons, we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you. We use this personal information to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. We also use your e-mail address to send you newsletters, as well as messages about special offers, promotional announcements and consumer surveys. If you no longer want to receive this e-mail, simply click on the link at the bottom of the e-mail message to unsubscribe. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions.
We keep track of your interactions with us, including but not limited to your site activity, payment history, and correspondence. We use this information to help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests, and to enhance our service offering for our customers. We also provide analyses of our users in the aggregate to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.
Links to Other Sites
The web sites contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of personal information may differ from ours. While we endeavor to associate with reputable sites, we cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other sites.
Viewing and Updating your Information
You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the personal information you provide to us relating to your account. If you want to update your contact information or change your payment method, you should do so by clicking on the "My Account" (or similar) link after logging in.
Cookies and Other Technology
As you browse the sites, cookies are placed on your computer's hard drive. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive for record keeping purposes.) In general, cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you may not be able to use our sites and services.
In addition to cookies, we use other technologies, including pixel tags, to gather information on how our users interact with our site and to otherwise help us efficiently operate and monitor our site and service. These technologies, show us, for example, popular pages, conversion rates, click-throughs and other information that can be used to improve, operate and monitor our site and our service. Third parties, including consultants we engage and online advertisers, may also use this technology to perform similar services for us as well as to assess their own advertising or services.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to third parties, unless you provide us with written permission to do so.
We use other companies, agents or contractors to perform services on our behalf. For example, we have partnered with other companies to process credit card transactions. We also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office for delivery purposes. In the course of providing such services, these other companies may have access to your personal information. These companies are not permitted to use your personal information except for the purpose of providing the services we request of them.
Custom Solutions also reserves the right to disclose personal information when we reasonably believe disclosure is required by law, if we reasonably believe disclosure is necessary to establish or exercise legal rights, or in situations involving potential threats to physical safety. In the event that Custom Solutions is acquired by or merged with a third party, we reserve the right, to sell or otherwise transfer the personal information we have collected as part of that transaction provided that such third party continues to honor our privacy policy.
Security
Custom Solutions takes information security very seriously and uses reasonable administrative, technical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. For example, we utilize Secure Sockets Layering, an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us, in order to encrypt the personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and for restricting access to your computer or mobile device through which you access your web site accounts. Users of public or shared computers or unprotected mobile devices should log out at the completion of each visit to the web site.
Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using our web sites or providing personal information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of this site.
Changes to This Policy
As we update and expand our services, we may make changes to this policy. You should check back for updates to this policy from time to time. If the changes result in materially less protection for your personal information than that provided in this policy, we will make reasonable efforts to contact you and obtain your consent to the changes. Like our Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part, your use of our web sites or continued use of our service after our efforts to contact you means that you agree to be bound by such changes.