http://www.homeschoolinginamerica.com/privacy
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics
partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve
collected from your use of their services.
Learn More.
Accept
Privacy Policy
At HomeschoolingInAmerica.com (HSA), the privacy of our visitors is extremely important.
This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information that is received
and collected and how it is used.
This Privacy Policy is reviewed and revised from time to time. You will want to revisit it
regularly. Your use of this site, in any and all forms, constitutes an acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Log Files
Like many other websites, HSA makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp,
referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement
around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not
linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
HSA also uses Google Analytics to compile usage statistics. This service is
provided by Google, Inc. Their privacy policy can be found here.
Cookies and Web Beacons
When you visit HSA, cookies can be stored on your computer. Cookies are little pieces of
information that can help identify your browser and that can store information about visitors
preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit,
customize webpage content based on visitors browser type or other information
that the visitor sends via their browser.
If you wish to disable cookies you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions
for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers’ websites.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on HSA. Google’s use of the DART
cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to HSA and other sites on the
Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
Advertising
Advertising is one of HSA’s revenue streams. Therefore, we display advertisements on some
of our services (e.g., on certain webpages or in emails).
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links
that appear on HSA send directly to your browsers. This targeting is always an automated process;
none of the information used for targeting is analyzed manually or made available to advertising
customers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies
(such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks
to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising
content that you see. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
please go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
HSA has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
In some cases, HSA displays advertisements from Google’s AdSense or AdExchange network. You can review
Google’s Ads Privacy Policy here.
Furthermore, you can use Google’s Ads Preferences Manager to configure the right ads settings for you.
Amazon Affiliates, a third party system, uses cookies to serve advertisements and links to
products on Amazon.com.
You may read more about Amazon Affiliates and their
Operating Agreement here.
You can consult the respective privacy policies of any third-party ad servers for more detailed
information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
HSA’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More
detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers
can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Communication Between HSA and You
If you send HSA a message via email or web form, this message can be stored to process it, to
compile statistical information, to improve our services and support, or to get in touch with you.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email.
Changes
HSA reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Last Updated: May 28, 2020