http://www.newportmansions.org/privacy-policy
Top of Page
Home>Privacy Policy
Printer Friendly
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Preservation Society of Newport County (“PSNC”, “The Newport Mansions”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its online guests, visitors, members, and donors (“Users”, “you”, “your”). This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect and use information through our website (newportmansions.org, “the Website”, or “the Site”). The Preservation Society of Newport County believes that informing Users about the types of information we collect and how we use that information is crucial to our mission.
Types of Information Collected
Personal Information
The Preservation Society of Newport County does not collect any personal information about individual Users, including  names, postal or email addresses, credit card information, or other personally identifying information (“Personal Information”) unless such information is knowingly provided. In general, you can browse the Site without submitting your Personal Information to us. We may collect Personal Information when you:
Purchase tickets for admission, lectures, or events
Purchase a membership or gift membership
Make a donation
Subscribe to a mailing list
Request information be sent to you through the Site
Apply for a job, internship, or volunteer position
Communicate with us through the Site, including the completion of any online forms?
Log Files. When you go to a web site, web servers log your interaction with the site in a log file. Standard log files like ours contain basic information like what time pages were viewed and the IP address of the visitor. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in our server statistical reports. We make no effort to identify IP addresses with individual users.
By knowingly providing Personal Information to the Preservation Society of Newport County through the Site, whether by engaging in one of the activities above or otherwise, Users are consenting to the Preservation Society of Newport County’s use of their Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Users may opt out of the Preservation Society of Newport County’s use of their Personal Information by taking the steps described below.
Non-Personal Information
Some non-Personal Information is collected automatically. The Preservation Society of Newport County collects some anonymized, aggregate non-Personal Information about Users when pages are requested through a browser. Non-Personal Information may refer to information about our Users’ browsers, operating systems, internet service providers, time zone, and other similar information. Collecting non-Personal Information, among other things, helps us optimize the performance of the Site and collect valuable data which helps The Preservation Society of Newport County understand the success of the Site.
How We Collect Non-Personal Information
Pixels
The Preservation Society of Newport County uses “pixels” placed through Google Tag Manager and Facebook to track behavior on the Website. Examples of behavior that is tracked include which pages a User visits and what content they interact with. In addition, this data helps The Preservation Society of Newport County target advertising toward Users who have expressed interest in The Preservation Society of Newport County by visiting the Site. This User behavior information is anonymized and never includes Personal Information.
How Information is Used
Marketing and Promotion
If you give The Preservation Society of Newport County permission by knowingly providing such information to The Preservation Society of Newport County by using the Site, we may use any Personal Information you submit for The Preservation Society of Newport County marketing, promotional, or other purposes. For example, The Preservation Society of Newport County sometimes sends emails to inform Users of new exhibitions or other events we think might be of interest. The Preservation Society of Newport County may also use your Personal Information to respond to information you have requested through email or through a form submitted on the Site.
How to Update or Remove your Personal Information
If for any reason you do not wish to receive further notifications (emails or mailings) from The Preservation Society of Newport County or wish to change your preferences for the types of notifications you receive, please follow the instructions included within the body of the message that was sent to you, or email info@newportmansions.org.
Links
The Site may include links to other unaffiliated websites operated by third parties, over which we have no control. The Preservation Society of Newport County is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and Users are encouraged to become familiar with the privacy statements of each site they visit. Once you leave the Site, this Privacy Policy will not apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.
Security
The Preservation Society of Newport County takes reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to the Site. The Preservation Society of Newport County uses SSL encryption through the Site.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Preservation Society of Newport County reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of The Preservation Society of Newport County’s policies or practices, at any time. The Preservation Society of Newport County’s posting of such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page shall constitute notice to Users of the changes or updates. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. We encourage you to check this page whenever you visit the Site for any changes or updates.
Acceptance of Terms
By using the Site, you are consenting to and accept our Privacy Policy, as the same may be modified by us from time to time. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy and any changes we make to it.
Privacy Policy
Buy Tickets
Buy your tickets online today!
Operating Schedule
Starting
July 24, 2020
The Breakers & The Elms open daily and decorated for the holidays!
The Breakers opens at 12 noon with last admission at 7 p.m. House and grounds close at 8 p.m.
The Elms opens at 9 a.m. with last admission at 4 p.m. House and grounds close at 5 p.m. The Elms will close after January 3. The Elms Servant Life Tour will not be available for the rest of the season.
Beginning January 11, The Breakers will be open daily from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Becoming Vanderbilt: An Exhibition at Rosecliff, closed, re-opening in March.
All properties closed Christmas Day. On December 24, last tour admission at 3 p.m.; no Sparkling Lights at The Breakers that day.
view complete schedule
Top