https://www.oxfordenergy.org/privacy-policy/
£0.00
0 items
Home
About Us
Annual Report
Board of Governors
Jobs at OIES
Benefactors and Sponsors
The OIES – Saudi Aramco Fellowship
Doctoral and Masters Research Fellowships
Team
Programmes
Oil & the Middle East Research Programme
Natural Gas Research Programme
Electricity Research Programme
China Energy Research Programme
Publications
Research Papers
Energy Insights
Energy Comments
Oxford Energy Forum
Podcasts
Quarterly Gas Review
Presentations
Journal Articles & Other Publications
Ongoing Research
Podcasts
Library
Events
Contact Us
Bookshop
My Account
Sponsor Portal
Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit to us, and how we use it.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information may be collected from you in various ways:
Site usage tracking – Cookies
To make this site simpler, small data files are placed on your computer. These are known as cookies. Most big websites do this too.
They improve things by:
remembering settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
remembering information you’ve given (eg your postcode) so you don’t need to keep entering it
measuring how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
Our cookies aren’t used to identify you personally. They’re just here to make the site work better for you. Indeed, you can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish.
We use the following cookies:
__utmb
.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by Google Analytics
__utmt
.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by Google Analytics
__utmz
.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by Google Analytics
__utmc
.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by Google Analytics
__utma
.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by Google Analytics
And when logged in it adds:
wordpress_logged_in_*
www.oxfordenergy.org domain provided by
Session cookie set by WordPress
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it’s meeting its users’ needs and to understand how we could do it better. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. Google Analytics does not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
There are also cookies that store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, the CMS running this website.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; however you may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.  Please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you disable cookies and this may impair your experience of the service.
Further information about cookies can be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s website www.allaboutcookies.org.
We do not automatically collect any other information about visitors to our website, and we do not share, sell, or disclose any information you provide when purchasing books online or subscribing to our email list.
There are three places on our site where personal information is collected at the visitor’s request:
Subscribing to Our Email List
We use MailChimp to collect information filled in by the visitor. Visitors’ email addresses are added to our list to receive emails concerning new publications and/or website content only. You will not receive any subsequent unsolicited communication. If at a later date you would like to be removed from our email list, or change or update your information you can do so via Mailchimp or contact us at: information@oxfordenergy.org
Purchasing a Book
The Shopping Cart Checkout page collects only shipping information provided by the purchaser. You will not receive any subsequent unsolicited communication. We use a secure third party payment solution, SagePay, and we do not collect or store payment card information.
Contact Us Form
The contact us form uses information provided by the visitor, no field is mandatory. Once submitted an email is sent to information@oxfordenergy.org, once the subject of the email has been dealt with contact us emails are deleted and you will receive not receive any subsequent unsolicited communication.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION KEPT?
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff.
HOW WE MIGHT USE THIS INFORMATION?
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To supply you with updates to publications, and to process your payments.
For statistical purposes and analysis in order to administer the website.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share, sell, or disclose any information you provide when purchasing books online, subscribing to our email list or contacting us via the contact us form. We will not sell your data to any third party.
Your rights
Withdrawing your consent
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by unsubscribing from our email notification service at any time via Mailchimp or by contacting us at information@oxfordenergy.org
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from external websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Accessing and managing your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data by making a ‘subject access request’ under The Act and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
You also have the following rights:
to request us to erase your Personal Data
to request us to restrict our processing of your Personal Data
to object to the way in which we are dealing with and processing your Personal Information.
Should you wish to exercise these rights, we will require you to prove your identity with two pieces of approved identification. Please address requests to the Administrator, OIES, 57 Woodstock Road, Oxford, OX2 6FA and we will respond within thirty days of receipt of your written request and confirmed ID.
Please provide as much information as possible about the nature of your contact with us to help us locate your records.
To exercise any of these rights, you should contact our Administrator at the above address.
If you are not happy about the way in which we have processed or dealt with your information, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Here, you can find more details on how to complain.
Complaining to the ICO
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office if you think there is a problem with the way we handle your data.
How long we store your data for
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary to operate the service in accordance with legal requirements and tax accounting rules.
Where your information is no longer required, we will ensure it is disposed of in a secure manner.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
You have the right to get a copy of the information that we hold about you. This is known as a subject access request. This right of subject access means that you can make a request under the Data Protection Act.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page. If the change in our privacy policy affects the use of your personal information we will use our best endeavours to contact you to seek your consent to the use.  Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR POLICY
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at information@oxfordenergy.org
Privacy Policy
Latest Tweets from @OxfordEnergy
10.12.20
OIES Gas Programme held a webinar on gas markets in Turkey & SE Europe, discussing increasing diversity of supply i… https://t.co/iEcxTw3PC9
10.12.20
In latest Podcast Jonathan Stern discusses why companies which are supplying or intending to supply natural gas to… https://t.co/F8HWiW4oIJ
10.12.20
New Oxford Energy Podcast - Methane Emissions from Natural Gas and LNG Imports: an increasingly urgent issue for th… https://t.co/6amh6C6Pqc
10.12.20
Given the size of the oil shock, oil market focus has been on supply-demand balances, but when the dust settles, th… https://t.co/9IxVIL7pK2
Sign up for our Updates
Register your email address here and we will send you notification of new publications, comment, articles etc. automatically.