https://www.parks.ox.ac.uk/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
University Parks
Estates Services
University of Oxford
Data protection
In the course of contacting us to enquire about or receive our services you have provided information about yourself (‘personal data’). We (the University of Oxford) are the ‘data controller’ for this information, which means we decide how to use it and are responsible for looking after it in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and associated data protection legislation.
How we use your data
We will use your data to provide you with the services you have requested; for financial management reasons concerning our services (e.g. invoicing); to maintain a record of who has access to the University Parks (for security reasons concerning key holders); to effectively manage the customer relationship (for example through updates and surveys) and to keep you updated of changes to our services.
We need to process your data for these purposes in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contractual relationship.
We will only use your data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another related reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your data for an unrelated purpose, we will seek your consent to use it for that new purpose.
Who has access to your data?
Access to your data within the University will be provided to those who need to view it as part of their work in carrying out the purposes described above.
We may share your data with companies who provide services to us, in relation to the work to be undertaken, such as for specialist arboriculture services. These companies are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your data in line with our policies. We do not allow them to use your data for their own purposes. We permit them to process your data only for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Retaining your data
We will only retain your data for as long as we need it to meet our purposes, including any relating to legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Security
Your data will be held securely in accordance with the University’s policies and procedures. Further information is available on the University’s Information Security website at https://www.infosec.ox.ac.uk/
Where we store and use your data
We store and use your data on University premises, in both a manual and electronic form.
Electronic data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), for example, when we communicate with you using a cloud based service provider that operates outside the EEA such as Survey Monkey.
Such transfers will only take place if one of the following applies:
the country receiving the data is considered by the EU to provide an adequate level of data protection;
the organisation receiving the data is covered by an arrangement recognised by the EU as providing an adequate standard of data protection e.g. transfers to companies that are certified under the EU US Privacy Shield;
the transfer is governed by approved contractual clauses;
the transfer has your consent;
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps requested by you prior to entering into that contract; or
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with another person, which is in your interests.
Your rights
Information on your rights in relation to your personal data are explained here.
Contact
If you wish to raise any queries or concerns about our use of your data, please contact us at university.parks@admin.ox.ac.uk. For queries about your rights please write to data.protection@admin.ox.ac.uk.
powered by
oxford mosaic
List of site pages