http://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/library/about-us/library-policies/online-resources-conditions-of-use/
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Skip to section menu
Skip to sidebar menu
View accessibility support page
HomeAdministration and support servicesLibrary ServicesAbout usLibrary policiesOnline resources conditions of use
Online resources conditions of use
Who can use our online resources?
Staff and students of Imperial have full access to online resources such as e-journals, e-books and databases as given in the terms and conditions of the College's licence agreements.
NHS Trust staff have full access access to a limited number of online resources. Access to most online resources is from computers within the Library only.
Alumni have access to a limited number of online resources via Plexus.
You are permitted to
Access, download, search and print, for private study or research
Make single electronic copies of a reasonable number of individual articles from an e-journal
Access, download, search and print a small number of records from a database
You are not permitted to
Carry out systematic, bulk or automatic downloading, unless the downloading of content is for the purpose of text or data mining.
Download or printing a whole e-book. The maximum normally permitted is one chapter or 5%.
Use content for commercial purposes
Other restrictions
Some titles are restricted to particular campus sites. Where this applies, the information will appear in the "Details" tab in Library Search.
All users must observe the copyright restrictions of each service.
Infringement of the Library's licences with publishers and suppliers is against library regulations and may lead to them withdrawing a service.
Terms and conditions and copyright restrictions are normally listed on the website of the service or publisher. For further advice please ASK the Library.
About us
Your librarian
Business
Engineering
Natural Sciences
Medicine
NHS
Imperial Horizons, Languages, Education and Teaching, Science Communication
Institutes and Centres
Acquisitions Services, Document Delivery and E-access
Staff structureLibrary regulationsLibrary policies
Room bookings
Student PC software policy
Collections policy
Conditions of use of IT resources
Online resources conditions of use
Privacy notice
Library placements
Filming and photography
Our strategyProjectsSupport the Library FundCurriculum ReviewUK Research Reserve
Print
Email