http://www.clarkstate.edu/admissions/privacy-statement/
Skip to Content
Admissions
Privacy Statement
Search website
Submit Search
Search
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is very important to us. With that in mind, Clark State will not collect any personal information about you when you visit our website unless you make such information available to us voluntarily.
When you visit our website, our web server automatically records the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website. This does not result in the identification of any of your personal information. We will also gather information on the date, time and website pages accessed. We use this information to make improvements on our website.When you share personal information with us--by sending us a message or completing an electronic form with personal information--we will use this information to complete your request. We may also use it to contact you about college activities, programs, news and events that may interest you. We will not disclose your information to third parties or other government agencies unless required to do so by state or federal law.External links are available throughout our website. These links have been added for your convenience. However, once you leave our website via an external link, you will no longer be subject to our privacy practices. By offering external links on our website, Clark State does not imply any endorsement.The Buckley Amendment of the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is designed to protect the privacy of students and their educational records. Clark State Community College recognizes “Directory Information” as the following: student name, address, telephone number, email address, major, degrees, height of members of athletic teams, inclusive dates of enrollment, enrollment status and most recent previous educational agency or institution attended. If you do not want Clark State to disclose directory information for you, please notify our Records and Registration Office in writing.If you have any questions about your privacy while visiting our website, please feel free to contact us.