http://www.carnegiebirthplace.com/privacy
Home
Plan Your Visit
Your Visit
Opening Times
How to Get Here
Facilities & Access
Virtual Tour
Families
Support Us
Shop Pick & Collect
Complaints
What's On
Events & Exhibitions
Mailing List
History at Home
Blog
Family Fun
Podcasts and Games
History Resources
Virtual Tour
About Us
Our History
Vacancies
Going Green
Press Releases
Privacy Policy & Cookie Information
Using Our Brand
Collections
Collections History
Arts
Sciences
Natural History
Learning
Information
Primary Schools
Teaching Module for S1-2
Education Mailing List
Contact
DE, FR, IT
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Privacy Policy and Cookie InformationThis page gives the details of the Andrew Carnegie Birthplace Museum’s privacy notice in relation to information collected about you.1. Who we areAndrew Carnegie Birthplace MuseumMoodie StreetDunfermlineKY12 7PLOur museum is owned by the Carnegie Dunfermline and Hero Fund Trust. We are registered as a Scottish Charity, and our registration number is: SCO 15710. 2. What information do we collect about you and why?Your activities and involvement with the museum will result in personal data being generated. This privacy notice explains how we use your data. We will only ever collect the information we need. When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why or direct you towards this notice.We hold your information only as long as necessary for the purpose it was collected. If you ask no longer to be contacted, we will keep some basic information in order to prove that you made this request.2.1. When you visit the museum
Collection of Personal Data
For the health and safety of the customers and staff in these premises, we are recording the name and contact details of everyone who enters to support NHS Scotland’s Test and Protect. This information will be used to enable NHS Scotland to contact you should you have been in the premises around the same time as someone who has tested positive for coronavirus. Contacting people who might have been exposed to the virus is an important step in stopping the spread. Your personal data will be retained only for the purposes stated in this privacy notice and will be held by us for no more than 3 weeks (21 days). All personal data will be held and disposed of in a safe and secure manner. Click here for more information and read the NHS Scotland Test and Protect strategy on the NHS website.
Digital Donations
All donations other than those made on-site, should be completed using information provided on our website. We currently use Donr text messaging service for collecting donations. To find out more about how Donr works, please click here.
Donations using Gift Aid
We will keep the details specified on Government’s Gift Aid declaration form.It is a legal requirement for this process.
Shopping
We will keep your financial information (such as credit/debit card details) to process a sale in the museum shop.It is a legal requirement for this process.
Visitor studies
During your visit, our staff will ask a few questions about you and your visit.This is on the basis of legitimate interest (in order to help us improve our services). You have the right to opt-out from sharing this information with us.
CCTV footage
Our premises are protected by CCTV. The system is managed in accordance with our standard operating procedures and with good practice guidance issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office.This is on the basis of our and your legitimate interest (to keep you, our buildings, people and collections safe).
2.2. Other forms of engagement
Bookings
Your contact details (and, if required, bank details) are captured when you are booking for our events in person at the museum or via Eventbrite (external link).This is required for the contract (sale of the product or service) and for keeping you up-to-date about the event.
We may ask you a few questions which will help us understand our audiences. This is on the basis of legitimate interest (in order to help us improve our services). You have the right to opt-out from sharing this information with us.
We may also use your data to contact you by email with news and information about the museum that we feel may be of interest to you.This is on the basis of our and your legitimate interest. We will only continue to send you these communications via email if we have your consent to do so.
Group bookings
We will process your data in order to contact you about your booking.This is required for the contract (sale of the product or service).
We also record this information to measure, analyse and improve the range and marketing of our services.This is on the basis of out legitimate interest.
Feedback and enquiries
Your contact details are captured when you contact us to ask about our facilities and services.We use these details on the basis of legitimate interest (in order to help us improve our services). You have the right to opt-out from sharing this information with us.
Photography
Photographs are usually taken during our events for publicity and archival purposes. If you are not happy with us capturing a picture of you or your child, please notify a member of staff.This is done on the basis of legitimate interest (in order to help us promote our services).
Competitions
We may collect your name, email address and phone number to contact you if you win. These details are either processed by us directly or by SurveyMonkey (external link), which is the survey software we use.This is required for contacting you if you win.
We also ask to keep you up to date with news about our work.We will only send you these communications via email if we have your consent to do so.
E-newsletter subscriptions
When you sign up to our e-newsletter, we will only send you news that you have signed up to receive. Your email address and communication preferences are held by MailChimp (external link), which is the email marketing system we use to send out our e-newsletters.We will only send you these communications via email if we have your consent to do so.
Visits to our website
In order to make our website easier to use and improve our service, we sometimes place small amounts of information on your computer. These are known as cookies and they are used by most major websites. See our Cookie Policy below.
Our website contains links to other external websites. We are not responsible for the content or functionality of those websites.
Collections management
We retain details of your name, postal address and email address or phone number to record the provenance of gifts, purchases, loans to (and from) and disposals from the collection.It is a legal requirement for these processes.
If you provide us with some info about objects we hold in our collection, we may also keep your contact details in order to improve the quality of the information we hold about our collection for future generations.This is done on the basis of legitimate interest.
We will ask for your contact details in order to ensure that we comply with copyright legislation when providing copies of items in our collections.It is a legal requirement for this process.
We will retain your contact details if you undertake object conservation and/or scientific analysis of our objects.It is a legal requirement for this process.
2.3. When you supply us goods or services
Companies and freelancers
We keep a record of your contact details (your name, company name, contact address, e-mail address, telephone number), bank details and/or UTR in order to make payments, answer queries etc and fulfill our relationship with you as a supplier.It is a legal requirement for this process.
Employees and volunteers
We will ask for your personal details in order to comply with our legal duties and policies.
When we actively ask you to provide any other personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data.
3. Would we share your information?We do not disclose personal data to any other third parties or external organisations, other than companies carrying out work on our behalf. We only share your personal data where required to do so for prevention of crime or for taxation purposes (for example, with the police, HMRC) or where otherwise required to do so by other regulators or by law.  4. How do we keep your information secure? 4.1. Protection
We use a variety of physical and technical measures to protect information we hold and to prevent unauthorised access to or use or disclosure of your personal data. All our data and databases are stored in secure filing cabinets and on secure computer systems and we control who has access to information (using both physical and electronic means). All our employees and data processors, who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal data, are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personal data that we hold.
4.2. Storing your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as it is required for the purposes for which we collected it. This will depend on our legal obligations and the nature and type of information and the reason for which we collected it.
5. How can I access the information about me, and correction of information? 5.1. Your rights
We want to ensure you remain in control of your personal data and that you understand your legal rights, which are:
the right to know whether we hold your personal data (we aim to respond within one month);
the right to have your personal data erased (this does not apply where it is necessary for us to continue to use the data for a lawful reason);
the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified;
the right to object to your personal data being used for marketing or profiling.
5.2. Complaints
Should you have a complaint about how we have used your personal data, you can complain to us directly by contacting us by email.
You have the right to make a complaint directly to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (external link), which is the data protection supervisory authority in the UK.
6. CookiesPurpose: These cookies collect information about how our visitors use this site. This data is collected anonymously and is used to help improve this website’s functionality. For more information, see Google Analytics page on safeguarding your data (external link).Most Internet browsers allow users to control the acceptance of cookies via the browser’s settings. Visit allaboutcookies.org (external link) to find out how to configure these settings on a number of major browsers.You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on (external link) How to contact usIf you have any comments on our privacy notice, or information we hold about you please contact us by email or write a letter addressed to our Curator and Manager at the Andrew Carnegie Birthplace Museum, Moodie Street, Dunfermline, KY12 7PL. Changes to this Privacy NoticeWe regularly review our privacy notice, and may make changes time to time. Any changes made will be posted to this page, and will apply from the time we post them. This privacy notice was last changed on 4 August 2020.