https://www.suip.co.uk/privacy-policy
SUIP Ltd Privacy Policy
SUIP Ltd is the trading name of The University of Stirling Innovation Park Ltd.  This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you.
What Information We Collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including address, phone number, and email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
Company information such as name, employee numbers and other details
Other information relevant to feedback surveys and/or enquiry information such as property enquiry information.
How We Collect Your Information
We may collect this information when:
You get in touch with us via a contact form, phone call or email
You join our Mailing List
Exchange business cards at an event
You voluntarily complete a feedback survey
Become an Innovation Park Tenant
You are commissioned as a contractor on behalf of SUIP Ltd
You participate in a university/college lecture or event as part of the Sporting Chance Initiative programme
How We Use Your Data
We may process your data to:
Answer your enquiry
Internal record keeping
Contacting you about services
Improving our products and services
If you have opted in we may send promotional and informative emails about news, business products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
If you have agreed, we may use information for testimonial or case study purposes across our social media accounts and website.
Alert you to upcoming deadlines for competitions associated with the Sporting Chance Initiative programme
Judge your entry or application for competitions associated with the Sporting Chance Initiative programme
Marketing
We would like to send you relevant information about products and services of ours. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please get in touch via any of the methods below.
Newsletters
When you sign up for our mailing list you will receive ad hoc newsletters informing you of what's happening at SUIP Ltd.   This may include some news, events, offers and product information.
If you make a property enquiry and are not ready to take on premises you will be added to our vacant property mailing list and we will be in contact when suitable space becomes available. You may unsubscribe to any of our mailing lists at any time by contacting us or selecting unsubscribe on the latest newsletter you receive.
How we securely store your data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online or offline. We use Microsoft Dynamics Office 365 CRM software to ensure your data is secure.
How long we store your information will depend on the purpose it was collected. For further information on our retention guidelines please get in touch.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please get in touch via any of the methods below.
Cookies and Links
Browser cookies
We collect cookies to allow us to measure and analyse behaviours of our website visitors. Individual user data is not stored and, once the statistical information has been analysed, it is removed from the system.
Web browser cookies
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to external websites. Privacy policies on these sites may vary and, as such, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these sites.
Changes and compliance
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our website. As a result, you should visit this page periodically to keep up to date with changes.
Data Protection Act 1998
SUIP Ltd is fully compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Get In Touch
Data Protection Officer
SUIP Ltd
Scion House
Stirling University Innovation Park Ltd
Stirling
FK9 4NF
01786 448333