http://www.wolfson.cam.ac.uk/current-students/facilities/it-services/privacy-security
Privacy & Security | Wolfson
Skip to main content
Wolfson College Cambridge
Search
Menu
Breadcrumb
Home
Current Students
Facilities
IT Services
Privacy & Security
Search
COVID-19: Latest Guidance
Home
About Wolfson
What's On
Postgraduate Study
Undergraduate Study
Accommodation
Current Students
People
Conferences & Events
Alumni & Members
Events
Find Us
Virtual Tour
News
Fine Arts
Music
Our History
Gardens
Vacancies
Governance
Contact Us
Planning an event
Wolfson (Ancient) Warfare Wednesdays
Wolfson College Internal Calendar
Wolfson Explores Borders
Wolfson Media Collection
Green Society
Humanities Society
Interdisciplinary Research Hubs
Science Society
Wolfson (Ancient) Warfare Wednesdays
Wolfson Research Event Archive
Previous Exhibitions
Music Scholarships
Music Resources
College Choir
Wolfson Performances
Bredon House
The Royal Opening
Garden Guides
The Winter Garden
Statutes & Ordinances
Accounts
Publication Scheme
Data Protection
Statement on Freedom of Speech
Strategic Plan
COVID-19 Secure Risk Assessment
Data Protection Statement for Students
Data Protection Statement for Alumni
Data Protection Statement for Candidates for Senior Membership
Data Protection Statement for College Nursing Records
Data Protection Statement for Event Organisers
Data Protection Statement for Job Applicants
Data Protection Statement for Senior Members
Data Protection Statement for Staff
Data Protection Statement for Visitors & Guests
Livestream
WOLFSON EXPLORES |Transformation| Presentations
Why Wolfson?
Fees & Funding
Applying
Part-time
International Students
Library
Facilities
Social Life
Support & Welfare
Grants & Loans
Awards & Bursaries
Postgraduate Studentship Application
External Funding
FAQs
Application Timeline
Support for Families
Support for Students with Disabilities
Why Wolfson?
Open Days
Subjects
Fees & Funding
Applying
International Students
For Offer Holders
Facilities
Library
Social Life
Support & Welfare
Loans & Grants
Awards & Bursaries
Medical & Veterinary
Apply for an Undergraduate Studentship
Apply for the Alborada Scholarship
Interviews
Application FAQs
March Application Round
Guidelines for Referees
Accommodation Guidelines
Getting Started
Food
Library
Societies
Sport
WCSA
Support
Policies
Graduation
Financial
Facilities
Cafeteria Menus
Formal Hall Menus
Self Catering
Organising an Event
Cashless Payments
What happens at Formal Hall?
Using the Library
Contact Us
Archives
Academic Skills from Wolfson Library
Using the library at a distance
Wolfson College Library Teaching and Learning Philosophy
prearrival-resources-for-offer-holders-2020
Facilities & Rules
Finding Books
Borrowing
Collections
Off The Shelf - Library Newsletter
Request a book
Support for students with disabilities
Archive Collections
Trireme Trust
Skills pathways - dissertation toolkit
Skills pathways - new students
Skills pathways - researchers
Humanities Society
Lunchtime Seminars
Music Society
Science Society
Wolfson Reading Group
Green Society
Student Garden
Plant Society
Entrepreneurs Society
Wolfson Research Event
Gym
Wolfson College Boat Club
Social Rowing Club
Other Activities
Friends of WCBC
Memories of the early Boat Club
Training Guides
Training Tips
WCBC Alumni Spotlight: Claudio Ravasio
Wolfson College Boat Club's Tom Davies reflects on the club's first 50 years
Dr Maria Lukianowicz
1942 - 2020
Academic
Pastoral Care
Health & Wellbeing
Part-time Students
Postgraduate
Undergraduate
WolfWorks
First Aid
Communicable Diseases
Health Services
Mental Health
College Counsellor
Sexual Health
Comments & Complaints
Bullying & Harassment
Harassment & Sexual Misconduct
Drug & Alcohol Use
Smoking
Unsatisfactory Academic Performance
Fitness to Study
Intermitting
Rules of Behaviour and Disciplinary Procedures for students
Policy on Rent for Easter Term 2020
Relationships between staff and students
CCTV Code of Practice
Graduation Attire
Current Funding Opportunities
Finance Forms
Hardship Funds
Travel & Research Grants
Payments & Fees FAQ
Pay to Study
Sports Awards
Transport & Parking
Maintenance
Post & Email
IT Services
Safety & Security
Laundry
The Neighbourhood
College Computer Stations
Getting Started with IT
Privacy & Security
University Accounts
Fellows
President & College Officers
Tutorial Team
Dean of Students
Staff
Press Fellowship
College Research Associates
Senior Members
Academic Visitors
College Teaching Associates
Junior Research Fellows
Emeritus Fellows
Honorary Fellows
Bredon Fellow
Press Fellowship Application
Current Academic Visitors
Staying at Wolfson
Conferences
Dinners & Occasions
Menus
Rooms
Contact Us
The Chancellor's Centre
Conference Tariff
Day Conferences
Autumn/Winter Dining Menu
Canapé Menu
Christmas Lunch & Dinner
Reception Menu
Sample Conference Menu
Spring/ Summer Dining Menu
Wine & Drinks Menu
Alumni Benefits
News & Publications
Alumni Connections
Support Wolfson
Accommodation
Alumni Events
HongKong2018
President's visit to the United States of America
Ring True
The Wolfson Review
Leaving a legacy
Ways of Giving
Philanthropy in Action
Recognition of donors
Promotional Materials
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Once you are connected to the Wolfson network, you must take extra precautions to ensure that your computer is secure, for your own protection and for that of others.
Data Network Privacy Policy
Wolfson College respects your privacy. We do not record anything except an IP address, MAC address and the amount of data usage. Once the traffic leaves Wolfson, the University records more details. You can read more about this on the UIS Privacy page.
Once you are connected to the Wolfson network, you must take extra precautions to ensure that your computer is secure. Compromised machines can severely disrupt the functioning of the College's network connection and can cause us significant cost, both in terms of the network traffic we are charged and the time we spend on identifying and fixing the problem. It is therefore the responsibility of everyone connecting a computer to the Wolfson network to actively and continuously take care of its secure configuration.
In addition to the security tips below, the Computing Service security pages also contain valuable information.
Network Use
Any service that you provide to others from your computer must be both legal and in furtherance of the aims of the College and University.
Do not run a server offering services to anyone outside the Cambridge University Data Network, unless you have received a written permission from an IT Officer. 'Server' in this context refers to distributed games servers, ftp, web, mail, news servers, peer-to-peer file sharing software and other programs that might attract network traffic from outside the University network. Avoid in particular peer-to-peer file-sharing programs, such as:
eDonkey, KaZaA, Aimster, Bearshare, Gnutella, Grokster, Hotline, LimeWire, Morpheus, ToadNode, Xolox, Direct Connect, BCDC, Swapper, Phex, AutoNap, Crapster, Duskter, WinMX, iMesh, etc.
These programs are of particular concern, as they are often used to download and redistribute copyright-infringing music and video.
Avoid large regular data transfers ('mirroring') from outside the network, unless it is really necessary for your academic work. Remember that some large software packages are made available locally for download by the Computing Service. In particular, their Unix Support mirrors most Linux distributions. Downloading from there not only costs the College nothing, it is also much faster. (More tips on installing Linux ...)
Use of streaming audio/video software, Internet telephony, Internet radio services, or the mbone in moderation.
Do not run any network scanning software. Scanning software is anything that attempts to contact a very large number of other addresses, or a large number of different network ports on the same address.
Do not run any DHCP server or similar infrastructure services on the network.
Use of the Wolfson College Computer Network is monitored by the University and by the operators of connected larger networks.
Security updates
If you use Microsoft Windows, then run Microsoft Update at least once every week. Ideally, configure it to install all critical updates for you automatically.
Third-party applications can contain security vulnerabilities and therefore also need to be regularly updated.
You may also want to join your operating system vendor's security-announcements mailing list. This will keep you informed about the availability of new security updates for your system. More information is available from Microsoft, Apple, openSUSE, Ubuntu, Red Hat, Fedora, Debian, FreeBSD, OpenBSD.
Firewall
A firewall is a software that provides additional protection against malicious attempts to connect to your computer through the network. We highly recommend to activate the firewall that comes with your operating system.
Virus scanner
On Microsoft operating systems, use a recent virus scanner. You can download a virus scanner for free from the Computing Service virus page. Make sure the scanner is configured to automatically update its virus database over the network. More information ...
Make sure you have at least the version shown on the above web page.
Dealing with a virus infection
If you suspect your computer is affected by a worm or virus
disconnect instantly from the network
remove the virus
apply all necessary updates to the operating system and virus scanner.
shutdown and reboot Windows after you have removed a virus or installed a security update
reconnect  to the network.
In case of doubt, ask the IT Manager.
Encryption
With ethernet technology every computer can in principle see the full data traffic of every other computer on a network. It is therefore important that you avoid software that sends your password unencrypted over the network. In particular:
Avoid telnet to connect to your departmental machine. If possible, use one of the many available secure shell (ssh) programs instead. The commonly recommended one for Windows is putty, which you can download freely. This program, along with equivalent ones for other operating systems, is also on the Unix Support SSH CD that is available from Computing Service reception.
If you use Linux, you are likely to find the ssh command preinstalled already. If you use the imap protocol to retrieve your mail (such as when you use Microsoft Outlook), then activate the SSL encryption option to make sure nobody can steal your password. Change your passwords after you started using encryption.
Passwords
When you connect your computer to the network, it could be be used remotely. It is therefore extremely important that you protect access to your computer with a carefully chosen password:
Use a random sequence of letters and digits.
Never use common dictionary words or the names of persons, pets, brands, bands, literary figures, etc.,
Never use anything related in an obvious way to your own person to form a password, such as your initials, email address or date of birth.
Make sure that every user account on your computer is protected by a strong password, especially any administrator or root account.
Never type your password on anyone else’s computer if there is the slightest chance that this computer might not be secure.
Laptop Theft
Please lock your room each time you leave, even if you only leave for a minute. Do not hesitate to report any suspicious activity you see to the porters.
A convenient way to protect laptops is a Kensington security cable, available from various computer stores in Cambridge.
Email
Do not install or execute programs and attachments that you have received unexpectedly via email.
Also be very suspicious about any warnings or technical instructions sent to you unexpectedly, as many of these may be hoaxes or attempts of fraud.
Footer
Postgraduate Study
Why Wolfson?
Fees & Funding
International Students
Undergraduate Study
Why Wolfson?
Fees & Funding
International Students
People
People Directory
Fellows
Alumni & Members
Staff
Vacancies
Food
Cafeteria Menus
Formal Hall Booking
Formal Hall Menus
About Wolfson
Virtual Tour
Governance
Contact
Find Us
Conferences & Events
The Chancellor's Centre
Conferences
Dinners & Occasions
Rooms
Social
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Privacy & Cookies
Copyright 2018 Wolfson College, Barton Road, Cambridge CB3 9BB Tel: +44 (0)1223 335900
Registered Charity Number 1138143 | VAT Registration Number 195 8858 32