http://www.northwood.edu/privacy-policy
(Skip to main content)
Student Portal
Get More Information
Search Keyword/Phrase
Academics
Academic Programs
Undergraduate
Adult Degree Program
Graduate
Study Abroad
Semester Dates
Academic Catalogs
Transcript Request
Faculty
Admissions
Start Your Journey
Transfer to Northwood
Corporate
International
Aid / Tuition
Financial Aid Information
Estimate Your Cost
Student Life
Student Life at Northwood
Campus Housing
Dining Services
Student Organizations
Safety and Security
Student Health
EXCEL Program
Esports
Athletics
Contact Student Life
Alumni
Alumni Info
Services and Benefits
Outstanding Alumni Awards
Chapters and Groups
Project 100
Alumni Giving
Contact Alumni Relations
Request a Campus Tour
Parents
Apply
Compliance
Information and Policies
Disability Services
Privacy Policy
Application Portal Terms of Service
Privacy PolicyAccreditationNorthwood University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission (hlcommission.org), a regional accreditation agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.Authorized useNorthwood University provides this website to support its mission and to be of service to students, parents, faculty, staff, alumni, friends, supporters, and the public. Use of this website for any purposes other than that for which it is intended is unauthorized and prohibited.CopyrightThis site and all information and images within it are copyrighted to Northwood University.EEONorthwood University also may make employment information available through this site. Northwood University is an equal opportunity employer. Northwood University provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, or disability. Northwood University's policy relates to all phases of employment including recruitment, placement, promotion, training, demotion, transfer, layoff, recall and termination, rates of pay, employee benefits and participation in all organization-sponsored employee activities.Links to third-party sitesThis site may contain links to sites owned or operated by parties other than Northwood University. Such links are provided for your reference only. Northwood University does not control outside sites and is not responsible for their content. Northwood University's inclusion of links to an outside site does not imply any endorsement of the material on the site or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor.Non-discriminationNorthwood University is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination and equal opportunity for all persons regardless of race, gender, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, age, marital status, disability or veteran status. The University is also committed to compliance with all applicable laws regarding nondiscrimination.PrivacyNorthwood University is committed to protecting your privacy. We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. The information received from Google Analytics is used only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. The Google Analytics tool does not reveal to Northwood your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on.When you submit any information via this web site, you can be confident that it is safe and secure. Information shared by individuals on applications, forms or surveys is used solely by the appropriate university office and may be shared with 3rd parties that legally adhere to industry security standards.DisclaimerNorthwood University hopes you find the information on this site helpful, but the information is provided "as is," and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding it.
About
Career Advancement
Work at NU
Event Booking
Catering
Rec Center
Bookstore
Northwood Gear