http://www.mcmaster.ca/legal.cfm
Terms of
Use & Privacy Policy
McMaster Quick Links
By accessing any portion of the McMaster Website, the user agrees
to the terms and conditions set out below.
NOTICE OF DISCLAIMER AND TERMS OF USE
1. Use of the Site
The McMaster University Website or related website ( the "McMaster
University Website") is a no fee service offered by McMaster University
("McMaster"). The contents of the McMaster University
Website are provided for informational and educational purposes only.
All information is provided on an "as is" basis without any
warranties of any kind. McMaster makes no representations and disclaims
all expressed and implied warranties and conditions of any kind, including
without limitation, representations, warranties or conditions regarding
accuracy, timeliness, completeness, non-infringement, merchantability
or fitness for any particular purpose. McMaster assumes no responsibility
to the user or any third party for the consequences of any errors or omissions.
The subscriber to the McMaster University Website expressly acknowledges
that information contained on the site may be provided by independent
clubs, associations and organizations and any such information and its
content are not the responsibility of McMaster University. McMaster University
assumes no liability for such content or information.
2. Release of McMaster
You also agree to release and hold harmless McMaster from and against
any and all liability, claims, damages, actions, and costs, arising out
of or in connection with your use, review or reproduction of the McMaster
University Website.
3. Limitation of Liability
McMaster shall not be liable to you and/or any third party for
any damages of any kind arising out of or relating to the use of, or reliance
upon, the McMaster University Website including, but not limited to, any
lost profits, lost opportunities, special, incidental, indirect, consequential
or punitive damages, regardless of your advice to McMaster University
to the contrary.
4. Advice
Neither McMaster nor any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents
makes any recommendation regarding any educational or other matter described
within the McMaster University Website.
5. Reproduction of Contents
The contents, but not any logo or other visual representation, of the
McMaster University Website or related website may be used and reproduced
solely for non-commercial, personal or educational purposes provided that
it is not modified and that you do not delete any copyrights and other
legal or proprietary notices contained therein. Such information may not
otherwise be used, reproduced, broadcast, published or re-disseminated
without the prior written permission of McMaster.
6. Links to other Sites
The McMaster University Website may link users to sites not maintained
by McMaster. McMaster cannot and does not warrant the accuracy, completeness,
timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose of any information available through these links and disclaims
any opinions expressed on such sites.
7. Intellectual Property
The materials located on the McMaster University Website are protected
by copyright, trademark and other forms or proprietary rights and are
owned or controlled by McMaster University or any other party credited
as the provider of the information.
8. System Integrity
You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt
to interfere with the proper working of the McMaster University Website.
You may not take any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on McMaster University infrastructure.
9. Governing Law
This agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the Province of Ontario.
10. Disclosures
The information in the McMaster University Website or related website
is offered by McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario,
L8S 4L8.
11. Entire Agreement
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and McMaster
University and supercedes all other agreements. No other representations
or warranties are made, save for those contained within this Agreement.
12. Termination of McMaster University Website or Related Website
McMaster reserves the right to terminate or modify, in any manner, the
McMaster University Website, and/or any part of any related website any
link or linking program at any time for any reason.
13.
Privacy
McMaster University
collects and retains personal information of students, alumni and other
parties, including but not limited to faculty, staff, visiting academics and
private citizens using services provided by McMaster University,
under the authority of The McMaster University Act, 1976. This
information is used for the academic, administrative, employment-related,
financial and statistical purposes of the University, including for the
administration of admissions, registration, awards and scholarships,
convocation, alumni relations and other fundamental activities related to being
a member of the University community, a user of services provided by McMaster
or an attendee of, or applicant to, a public post-secondary institution in the
Province of Ontario. The information will be used, among other things, to
admit, register and graduate students, record academic achievement, issue
library cards and, where applicable, local transit passes, to provide access to
information systems and to operate academic, financial, athletic, recreational,
residence, alumni and other University programs. Information on admissions,
registration and academic achievement may also be disclosed and used for statistical
and research purposes by the University, other post-secondary educational
institutions and the federal and provincial governments. The names of alumni,
their Faculty and program, award information, degree(s) awarded and date of
graduation is considered public information and may be published by McMaster University. In addition, student
photographs posted by the University in the form of individual pictures or
class pictures may be publicly displayed. Aside from the foregoing, the
information you provide and any other information placed in a student record,
or in a personnel record, will be protected and used in compliance with
Ontario’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (RSO
1990) and will be disclosed only in accordance with this Act. If you have any
questions about the collection and use of this information please contact the
University Registrar, University Hall, Room 209, Student Records, Gilmour Hall,
Room 108, or the University Secretary, Gilmour Hall, Room 210, McMaster University.
McMaster University may also
collect personal information from other relevant sources including, without
limitation, the Ontario Universities’ Application Centre, secondary schools,
colleges, universities and other institutions previously attended, including
third-party services and test score providers where the items collected form a
part of the application or admission process to a university program.
In addition to collecting personal information for its own purposes, McMaster University collects specific and limited
personal information on behalf of the McMaster Student Union, the McMaster
Association of Part-time Students and/or the McMaster Graduate Students
Association. These constituent student groups use personal information for the
purpose of membership, administration, elections, annual general meetings,
health plans and other related matters only. Please contact the relevant
Student Union/Association office if you have questions about this collection,
use and disclosure of your personal information and their respective privacy
policies.
Last Updated 05/24/2007
Contact
Us | Terms of Use & Privacy
Policy