http://www.displaywizard.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser. We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more.Allow Cookies
Supply Artwork About Us Contact Us 01995 606633
My Basket
SearchSearch
Advanced SearchSearch
COVID-19 Products
Hand Sanitiser Dispensers & Stations
Face Masks & Shields
Queue Barriers
Social Distancing Floor Stickers
Posters
Social Distancing Screens & Dividers
Poster Frames
Pavement Signs
Exhibition Stands
Banner Stands
Pop Up Stands
Literature Stands
Display Boards
Exhibition Furniture
iPad & Tablet Stands
Fabric Display Stands
Modular Systems
Stand Hire
Outdoor Displays
Promotional Flags
Outdoor Banner Stands
Advertising Banners
Pavement Signs
Custom Printed Tents & Inflatables
Fabric Pop Out Banners
Lamp Post Banners
Branded Parasols
Retail and POS
Poster Frames
Noticeboards & Whiteboards
Office Partitions & Dividers
Queue Barriers
Promotional Counters
Display Light Boxes
Portable Display Cases
Café Barriers
Cable Display Systems
Logo Mats
Special OffersStand Hire
Home
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Ordering
Delivery & Availability
Payment & Security
Prices & Tax Charges
Proofs
Copyright
Cancellations & Returns
Back Orders
Content
Contacting Us
Privacy Policy
Loss, Damage and Our Liability
Warranties
Validity
Exhibition Stand Hire Orders
Special Offers
Ordering
To Make an On-line Purchase Click on 'Add to Basket' to add items that you wish to purchase to your shopping basket, and follow the on-line instructions to complete the order. We will email confirmation of your order and, where necessary, follow up with a telephone call to confirm details (such as artwork requirements).
Order confirmation does not indicate that a contract yet exists between us. Acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, is confirmed only when we send you an invoice. This term is included to protect us in the case of price changes, inadvertent mistakes in pricing, or should we be no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a price variance, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Where your contract with us is for an exhibition stand, the additional provisions towards the end of these terms will apply, and will take precedence where they conflict with other terms set out here.
Delivery & Availability
We aim to deliver as quickly as possible. Commodity products, such as literature stands, are generally stock items, and can usually be despatched within 1 working day or the same working day if ordered before a specific time (usually specified on each individual product).
However, the majority of products are either made or assembled to your specification, and may be dependent on receipt of 'print ready' artwork. Availability and despatch times on these products are specified on each individual product with the first working day starting from receipt of an order and approved artwork before 10am. For items without clear availability and despatch times we will contact you to agree an acceptable delivery schedule.
We use a standard 3 working day service using a nationally recognised courier. All quoted delivery times are subject to availability and are approximate only. Time for delivery is not of the essence. We cannot guarantee delivery within our usual timescales to a small number of remote rural areas. When ordering multiple items with different estimated delivery times please use the longest quoted time as a guide.
We can only accept online payments for UK mainland delivery services. Should you wish to order for delivery to other destinations, please select the international delivery option on the checkout page. This is so we can calculate the shipping costs, and send over a Pro Forma invoice to arrange payment.
If you select 'United Kingdom' and your delivery address is located outside of the UK mainland, we will not send the item(s) until the outstanding balance has been cleared. In this instance, we will contact you to inform you of any additional charges you may face.
If something is not in stock, we will either let you know at the time of ordering or as soon after the order has been placed as possible.
If we believe a customer acts against these Terms and Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel or suspend their order. This includes non-payment of ordered products and fraudulent use of our website and/or sales. We also reserve the right to bar certain e-mail addresses and telephone numbers from accessing our website to place orders. We will not accept any order from any customers who have cancelled or suspended without prior given consent.
Cleared funds will be required before despatch of goods.
Express production surcharge
Should you require goods in a shorter timescale than specified on our website, please contact our sales team. Please note that
a fixed express production surcharge will be applied to orders that require a shorter lead-time than specified on our website. This service is only available on print products, which are made or assembled to your specification.
Events beyond our control
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (Force Majeure Event).
A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation) the following:
Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action.
Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster.
Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
Occasionally, parcels going overseas may be delayed at customs control when entering your country. This is beyond our control and we cannot be responsible for the late arrival of parcels detained in this way.
Payment & Security
We accept Visa, Mastercard, Electron, Maestro and Visa Electron processed by SagePay and secured by WorldPay. Payments are processed on third party secure sites only - SagePay and Paypal respectively. Our website (https://www.displaywizard.co.uk/) is compliant with all PCI-DSS regulations, and regularly scanned to ensure are security sytems are up-to-date. PCI-DSS means Personal Card Industry - Data Security Standard. Although this doesn't guarantee that our website is impervious to hacking, it does guarantee that your card details are safe and secure.
You can also telephone your order to us; call 01995 606633 to chat to one of our sales team. You can contact our sales team Monday-Friday 9am-5.30pm. They will also be able to help you with any advice or help you may need with any Display Wizard products. Alternatively, please e-mail your queries, problems or questions to .
For credit applications, please download and fill in the credit application form, sending to lindsay@displaywizard.co.uk once completed. Please be aware credit applications can take up to 2 weeks to process.
Prices & Tax Charges
Our prices, as stated on our website, are in pound sterling (£) and are exclusive of VAT at the rate chargeable from time to time. You will be charged in pounds sterling even if you don't live in the UK. We reserve the right to alter prices at any time. Overseas orders may incur bank charges for international transactions. Please note that offers are subject to availability and may end before originally advertised. Interest will be charged on late payment of invoices at a rate of 4% above the Bank of England base rate from time to time.
Artwork
Proofs of all work may be submitted for your approval and Display Wizard shall incur no liability for any errors not corrected by you in proofs submitted. Additional charges may be made for any additional proofs that are required as a result of alterations required by you. When style, type or layout is left to Display Wizard's discretion, any subsequent changes to such style, type or layout required by you may be subject to additional charges on a time and materials basis. If a hard copy proof is required, the first proof is supplied free of charge, subsequent proofs thereafter are charged at £15 ex VAT each.
Please note that we will only retain your design proofs for 3 years from the date of sign-off in the event you require a reprint.
Please be aware that we do not offer graphic design as a stand-alone service. Any graphic design service must be linked to a Display Wizard product order, meaning we have the right to refuse setting up any artwork without a product order linked to this design.
Any additional artwork hours required will be charged at a rate of £45/hour + VAT, with the exact cost pre-approved by the customer before being undertaken.
Please be aware that you will require Adobe software in order to set up your own artwork.
Copyright
Unless negotiated and agreed in writing, the copyright of general artwork, commissioned artwork and illustrations and anything else whatsoever prepared, developed or created by Display Wizard shall vest in and belong to Display Wizard. Display Wizard may use any artwork or printing produced by itself for the purposes of promoting itself. The customer shall be responsible for obtaining all necessary authorities and consents to reproduce pictures, artwork, photographs, copyright text and/or any other reproducible materials prior to instructing Display Wizard to reproduce the same. The customer shall indemnify and hold Display Wizard and its agents and representatives harmless against all claims, demands, actions, costs, expenses (including but not limited to legal costs and disbursements), losses and damages arising from or suffered or incurred by reason of any claim (including but not limited to the defence of such claim) that the reproduction of the materials by Display Wizard infringes the intellectual property or other rights of any third party, misuses the confidential information of a third party, or is illegal for whatever reason (including being defamatory or pornographic in nature).
All design, text, illustrations, graphics, photographs, diagrams, drawings, logos and the selection and arrangement thereof, and all source code and all other material content of any Website owned, controlled or operated by Display Wizard are the intellectual property of Display Wizard Limited or its content providers and as between Display Wizard and the customer all intellectual property rights (including all copyright) arising out of or connected with such content shall belong to Display Wizard. No reproduction of any part is allowed without written permission.
Cancellations & Returns
We aim to despatch orders within the quoted delivery times on each product, so if you wish to cancel an order without incurring a cost, you will need to do it before your order is dispatched. If you do cancel an order, please call us on 01995 606633 and let us know during office hours, or via e-mail to . If you would like to change anything about an order we would recommend that, in the first instance, you give us a call on 01995 606633 or e-mail
to avoid having to pay for delivery again.
The majority of products are made or assembled to a customer's specification, and are therefore not offered on approval. Due to the custom-made nature of most products, these are not eligible for a refund unless there has been a fault in the production process. All products carry a hardware warranty against manufacturing defects, and any faulty goods will be repaired or replaced as appropriate. In the event of a complaint, all work subject to the complaint must be returned to Display Wizard Ltd within 14 days, along with a written explanation as to the reason for return. No responsibility for error will be considered by Display Wizard unless a written order was originally supplied. Goods must be returned in their original unopened and sealed packaging. All valid items* are subject to a 25% restocking fee.
In the event of goods being received which appear to have been damaged in transit (especially where the packaging may be crushed or pierced), you should either not accept the delivery, or sign for it as "Unexamined". If this occurs, please contact us immediately.
If you require the goods to be returned for any reason other than the item being faulty please contact us within 14 working days of receipt explaining the reasons for the return. Goods must be returned in their original unopened and sealed packaging, and will be subject to a 25% restocking fee.
It is the customer's responsibility to thoroughly check proofs before approving. Once approved, Display Wizard is not liable for any errors with the artwork such as spelling mistakes, poor quality imagery, inappropriate content etc. In this instance, the customer is not entitled to a refund and would need to reorder new graphics.
Please note: Display Wizard is not liable for covering delivery charges for returned goods, unless the items being returned are faulty. As a result, the customer is responsible for covering this cost.
Returns address: Display Wizard, .
If you are purchasing as a consumer, nothing in this Cancellations & Returns Policy affects any statutory rights you may have as a consumer.
*Please check to ensure that the item you are ordering is valid under the returns policy prior to placing your order.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be given the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
Content
We have taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy of the content on our web site. However, in accordance with the applicable laws, we disclaim all warranties (express or implied) as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the material on our site.
Contacting Us
If you need to contact us, please use the form on our contact page. Alternatively, you can call on 01995 606633 or write to us at Display Wizard, .
Privacy Policy
Display Wizard Ltd does not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party. Our Privacy Statement can be viewed on-line via a link at the bottom of each page on our web site.
Loss, Damage and Our Liability
Whilst every care and precaution is taken against loss or damage to customers' originals or other articles, neither Display Wizard Ltd nor our agents shall be held responsible for any loss or damage from any cause whatsoever in respect of any goods, materials and other materials entrusted to us for any purpose whatsoever (including transit).
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall limit or exclude our liability for:
Death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors;
Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
Breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession);
Breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (title and quiet possession); or
Defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
Subject to the previous term, we shall not be liable to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, for any loss of profit, or for any indirect or consequential loss arising under or in connection with your contract with us. Our total liability to you in respect of all other losses arising under or in connection with your contract with us, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise shall not exceed the amount actually paid by you to us for the specific product or service giving rise to the alleged breach in question.
Please Note: Any Pop Up or Modular displays that require printed panels to be aligned are subject to a 2mm tolerance.
Warranties
All products purchased from our web site are covered against mechanical failure for at least 12 months from the date of purchase.
The warranty covers any hardware defects in material or workmanship under normal use during the warranty period. During the warranty period, Display Wizard will repair or replace, at no charge, products or parts of a product that proves defective because of improper material or workmanship, under normal use and maintenance.
Any dissassembly of the product by anyone apart from Display Wizard or their manufacturers will void the warranty.
Returned products may be exchanged or a refund given provided that proof of purchase is given.
Validity
If any of these Terms and Conditions are unenforceable it shall not affect the enforceability of the rest of these Terms and Conditions. Nothing said by our sales personnel shall amount to a variation of these Terms and Conditions.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to exclude or limit any rights you may have as a consumer to the extent that such liability and rights may not be excluded or limited under applicable statute or law.
Exhibition Stand Hire Orders
Where your contract with us is for an exhibition stand, the following additional terms and conditions shall apply. Where these differ from previous terms and conditions as stated above, these specific terms will take precedence.
Specification
We will agree with you at the outset what your requirements are with regards to your exhibition stand. Where you are required to provide further information to us in order for us to fulfill your order (for example, supplying artwork, size, location, and other specification details), it is your responsibility to supply that to us in full and in a timely manner. As the majority of our stands our built to your specification, we will not be held liable for any losses whatsoever arising from such delay, or any errors in the information provided.
What we will provide
We will provide, subject to your confirmation, the hire of the exhibition stand and all agreed extras (such as coloured backdrops, flooring, screens, etc.), together with any hardware required to assemble and disassemble the stand. If we are required to hang lights, canvas or similar from the stand, this must be agreed in advance.
Where requested in writing in advance, we will organise electrical connections on your behalf at your expense.
What you must provide
You must provide full details relating to the proposed location of the stand. This must include details of how the location can be accessed and precisely where the stand is to be assembled, to include the dimensions of the area.
You must provide all required carpeting, electricity and other supplies required for your use of the stand, together with all necessary insurances and health and safety forms (forms can be provided by us if required and so requested in advance in writing).
You must advise us of when the stand is required (date and time), and for how long, sufficiently in advance, and in any event no later than a week before the required time.
Delivery of the Stand
We will use all reasonable endeavours to make sure that the stand is delivered as and when required, however we cannot be held liable for non-delivery in the event of a Force Majeure Event occurring.
Once the stand has been assembled, you must check the stand and confirm to our representatives that it is correct. We will not be held liable for any issues arising from issues which are not raised with us at this time.
Following completion of the assembly of the stand (or, if earlier, when you begin putting products on the stand) until commencement of the disassembly of the stand (or until all of your products have been removed, if later), the stand is your sole responsibility. You will be responsible for and indemnify us against any damage caused to the stand during this time, even if not caused by you or your staff, which shall be charged at the then current replacement or repair costs.
Price and Payment
We will agree the price for the build, hire, delivery and construction of the site with you. In addition, you will be responsible for all expenses incurred with the delivery, assembly and disassembly of the stand, including any overnight accommodation required, and food subsidence. We will always try to agree these additional costs with you in advance, however where such costs are not agreed in advance, you will still be liable for all such reasonably incurred costs.
Payment for the hire of the stand is required as follows:
50% of the total price when the order is confirmed, with the balance being no later than 30 days prior to the date of delivery. In the event of non-payment, we reserve the right to refuse to deliver the stand until full payment has been received in cleared funds.
Special Offers
Join us Subscribe to our newsletter and you'll be first to hear about our latest news, products and special promotionsBy subscribing you agree to receive promotional emails from us.Sign Up for Our Newsletter: SubscribeAnd follow us on social media:
Categories
Exhibition stands
Outdoor displays
Retail & POS displays
Stand hire displays
Special offers & bundles
Useful Links
About us
Contact us
FAQs
Our clients
Delivery
Social distancing signage
Advice and Guides
Supply Artwork
Connect with UsSubscribe to our newsletter and you'll be first to hear about our latest news, products and special promotionsBy subscribing you agree to receive promotional emails from us.Sign Up for Our Newsletter: And follow us on social media:
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions SitemapHead Office & Production - Units 15 & 16 Creamery Industrial Estate, Kenlis Road, Garstang, Preston, Lancashire, PR3 1GD, UK © 2004-2020 Display Wizard