http://www.burchfield-penney.org/general/privacy/
[Skip to Content]
Hours & Admission
Calendar
Education
Shop
Join Online
Event Rental
Contact
Visit
Visitor Information
Hours & Admission
Directions & Parking
Guidelines & Accessibility
Visitor FAQs
The Museum Store
Shop Online
Ordering Information
Artists in the Store
How to Sell in the Store
The Museum Cafe
Tours
Public Group Tours
Private Group Tours
School and College Tours
Education
WNY Educators
School Tours
Classes and Workshops
Special Programs
SUNY Buffalo State
Event Rental
Photo Gallery
Testimonials
The Building
Green Building
Photo Gallery
Western New York
Exhibitions
Current Exhibitions
Upcoming Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Western New York Art
Curatorial Overview
The Galleries
Traveling Exhibitions
Digital Publications
Submission Information
Events
Current Events
Upcoming Events
Past Events
M&T Second Fridays
Art Auction & Gala
Collection
The Collection
Recent Acquisitions
The Arts Legacy Project
Artists Legacy
Institutions Legacy
Research / Resources
The Archives
Study Center
Center for Watercolor
Burchfield Residencies
Charles E. Burchfield
Biography
Timeline of Life
Charles Rand Penney
Biography
Contributions
Donate To The Collection
Appraisals / Inquiries
Support
Become A Member
Membership Benefits
Gift Membership
Corporate Membership
Donate Online
Ways of Giving
Donate Online
Annual Fund
Fundraising Events
Planned Giving
Gifts of Stocks
Volunteer
College Students
Internships
Become a Docent
For Docents
Sponsorships
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Burchfield Penney Art Center collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the burchfieldpenney.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Burchfield Penney Art Center.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Burchfield Penney Art Center collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
- To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
- To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Burchfield Penney Art Center has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Burchfield Penney Art Center
burchfieldpenney.org
1300 Elmwood Avenue Buffalo, New York 14222
716 878 6011
burchfld@buffalostate.edu
This document was last updated on December 6, 2012
General site map
Blog
News & Updates
News Releases
eNewsletter
C.E.B. in his own words
Contact
Museum Directory
Job Listings
Site Map
Image Use
Media / Press
Privacy
In 1966, Charles Burchfield himself cut the ribbon to open the Burchfield Art Center, located inside Rockwell Hall at Buffalo State College. Today, the Burchfield Penney Art Center (renamed to honor donations from Charles Rand Penney) is the gateway to the campus.
Our Mission & Vision
The Museum History
Western New York Art
Charles E. Burchfield
SUNY Buffalo State
Board of Trustees
1300 Elmwood Avenue Buffalo, New York 14222
716 878 6011 eMail Facebook Twitter
© 2020 Burchfield Penney Art Center
at SUNY Buffalo State
Image Usage Media / Press Privacy