http://www.yu.edu/website-terms-use
×
Message From Our President
Dear Students, Faculty, Staff and Friends,
I am pleased to present to you this Guide to our plans for the upcoming fall semester and reopening of our campuses. In form and in content, this coming semester will be like no other. We will live differently, work differently and learn differently. But in its very difference rests its enormous power.
The mission of Yeshiva University is to enrich the moral, intellectual and spiritual development of each of our students, empowering them with the knowledge and abilities to become people of impact and leaders of tomorrow. Next year’s studies will be especially instrumental in shaping the course of our students’ lives. Character is formed and developed in times of deep adversity. This is the kind of teachable moment that Yeshiva University was made for. As such, we have developed an educational plan for next year that features a high-quality student experience and prioritizes personal growth during this Coronavirus era. Our students will be able to work through the difficulties, issues and opportunities posed by our COVID-19 era with our stellar rabbis and faculty, as well as their close friends and peers at Yeshiva.
To develop our plans for the fall, we have convened a Scenario Planning Task Force made up of representatives across the major areas of our campus. Their planning has been guided by the latest medical information, government directives, direct input from our rabbis, faculty and students, and best practices from industry and university leaders across the country. I am deeply thankful to our task force members and all who supported them for their tireless work in addressing the myriad details involved in bringing students back to campus and restarting our educational enterprise.
In concert with the recommendations from our task force, I am announcing today that our fall semester will reflect a hybrid model. It will allow many students to return in a careful way by incorporating online and virtual learning with on-campus classroom instruction. It also enables students who prefer to not be on campus to have a rich student experience by continuing their studies online and benefitting from a full range of online student services and extracurricular programs.
In bringing our students back to campus, safety is our first priority. Many aspects of campus life will change for this coming semester. Gatherings will be limited, larger courses will move completely online. Throughout campus everyone will need to adhere to our medical guidelines, including social distancing, wearing facemasks, and our testing and contact tracing policies. Due to our focus on minimizing risk, our undergraduate students will begin the first few weeks of the fall semester online and move onto the campus after the Jewish holidays. This schedule will limit the amount of back and forth travel for our students by concentrating the on-campus component of the fall semester to one consecutive segment.
Throughout our planning, we have used the analogy of a dimmer switch. Reopening our campuses will not be a simple binary, like an on/off light switch, but more like a dimmer in which we have the flexibility to scale backwards and forwards to properly respond as the health situation evolves. It is very possible that some plans could change, depending upon the progression of the virus and/or applicable state and local government guidance.
Before our semester begins, we will provide more updates reflecting our most current guidance. Please check our website, yu.edu/fall2020 for regular updates. We understand that even after reading through this guide, you might have many additional questions, so we will be posting an extensive FAQ section online as well. Additionally, we will also be holding community calls for faculty, students, staff and parents over the next couple of months.
Planning for the future during this moment has certainly been humbling. This Coronavirus has reminded us time and time again of the lessons from our Jewish tradition that we are not in full control of our circumstances. But our tradition also teaches us that we are in control of our response to our circumstances. Next semester will present significant challenges and changes. There will be some compromises and minor inconveniences--not every issue has a perfect solution. But faith and fortitude, mutual cooperation and resilience are essential life lessons that are accentuated during this period. And if we all commit to respond with graciousness, kindness, and love, we can transform new campus realities into profound life lessons for our future.
Deeply rooted in our Jewish values and forward focused in preparing for the careers and competencies of the future, we journey together with you, our Yeshiva University community, through these uncharted waters. Next year will be a formative year in the lives of our students, and together we will rise to the moment so that our students will emerge stronger and better prepared to be leaders of the world of tomorrow.
Best Wishes,
Ari Berman
Don't show again
Skip to main content
.
Fall 2020 Opening Plan: Please refer to our latest updates here
Skip to desktop navigation to bypass mobile navigation
Main navigation
About
Administration
President
Provost
Deans and Directors
Board of Trustees
History
History Timeline of YU
Dr. Bernard Revel
Dr. Samuel Belkin
Dr. Norman Lamm
Dr. Richard M. Joel
The Lamm Heritage
Visiting Us
Vision and Values
Academics
Undergraduate
New Pathways and Dual Degrees
Katz School of Science and Health
Stern College for Women
Summer Session
Sy Syms School of Business
Yeshiva College
Graduate
New Pathways and Dual Degrees
Albert Einstein College of Medicine
Azrieli Graduate School of Jewish Education & Administration
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law
Bernard Revel Graduate School of Jewish Studies
Ferkauf Graduate School of Psychology
Graduate Program In Advanced Talmudic Studies
Katz School of Science and Health
Sy Syms School of Business
Wurzweiler School of Social Work
Seminary
Belz School Of Jewish Music
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary
Torah Studies
Men's Studies
Women's Studies
Centers & Institutes
The Emil A. and Jenny Fish Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies at Yeshiva University
Center for Israel Studies
Center for the Jewish Future
Center For Jewish Law
Jacob E. Safra Institute For Sephardic Studies
Makor College Experience
Rabbi Arthur Schneier Program For International Affairs
Straus Center for Torah & Western Thought
Registrar
Services
Academic Advisement
Academic Support
Career Center
Provost
Writing Centers
Faculty
Undergraduate Admissions
Apply / Enroll
Information for Admitted Students
Application Process
Freshman Applicants
Associates of Liberal Arts
Associate in Management Applicants
Early Admissions Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Honors Applicants
Post Pesach Program
Israel Program
Events
Virtual Open House
YU National Model UN
Sarachek Tournament
Student Finance
Finance Your Education
Academic Scholarships
Need-Based Scholarships
Visit YU
Visit YU Virtually
YU in Your Town
Directions / Parking
Life in NYC
MY YU Story
Contact Us
Graduate Admissions
Graduate Schools and Programs
Graduate Financial Aid
Student Life
Campus Maps
Living at YU
Men's Housing
Women's Housing
Kosher Dining
Parents Corner
Shabbat Programming
Life in New York City
YUcard
Student Organizations
Athletics
Resources & Services
Career Center
Counseling Center
Disability Services
Health Insurance
Health And Wellness
International Students and Scholars
Madrichot Ruchaniot
Mashgichim Ruchaniim
S'gan-Mashgichim
Standards and Policies
Graduate Student Life
Cardozo Student Life
Ferkauf Student Life
Katz Student Life
Orientation
My YU Story
Contact
Jewish Living & Learning
RIETS
Center for the Jewish Future
Sephardic Programs
YU in Israel
Counterpoint Israel
Israel Alumni
Israel Hi-Tech Tours
YUNIT
Contact Us
Torah Studies
Men's Studies
Women's Studies
Graduate Program In Advanced Talmudic Studies For Women
Support YU
Where to Give
Emergency Scholarship Campaign
Find Your Cause
Support a School or Program
Ways to Give
Cash or Check
Planned Gifts and Estates
Corporate Matching Gifts
Other Types of Gifts
Gift FAQs
Donor Community and Impact
Benefactors
Canadian Friends of Yeshiva University
Donor Community
Donor Stories
Donor Impact
President's Society
YU's Contributions to the World
Website Terms of Use
Yeshiva University Site Terms of Use
Last Modified: 05/02/2019
Please read these Terms of Use carefully. Your use of the Site is subject to your agreement to these Terms of Use.
The following terms of use (the “Terms of Use”) govern your use of the yu.edu network of Web sites that post or link directly to these Terms of Use (collectively, together with all Services (as defined below) the “Site”). The Site is operated and made available by Yeshiva University (“YESHIVA” or “we” or “us”).
Your use of the Site is governed by these Terms of Use regardless of how you access the Site (including through the Internet, through Wireless Access Protocol (commonly referred to as “WAP”), through a mobile network, or otherwise). We provide Site users with access to content and services related to us and our academic programs, faculty and students, including video, audio, images, forums, text, data and other similar content (such content and services, collectively, the “Services”). These Terms of Use constitute an agreement between you and us.
Quick Links
Click on the links below to go to a specific section of these Terms of Use.
Acceptance of Terms
Proprietary Rights
Limited License
Rules of Conduct
Submitted Materials
Privacy Policy
Registration
Products and Transactions
Rules for Promotions
Forums
Right to Monitor and Editorial Control
Copyright Notification
Third Party Content
Third Party Web Sites
Indemnification
Trademarks
Unsolicited Submissions
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Modification, Waivers, Integration and Termination
Notices
Assignment
Severability
Filtering
Notice for California Residents
Jurisdictional Issues
Governing Law
Miscellaneous
Acknowledgement
1. Acceptance of Terms
By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use and to any additional rules and guidelines that we post on the Site. We may make changes to these Terms of Use from time to time; we may notify you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting the revised version of these Terms of Use on the Site. You can determine when we last changed these Terms of Use by referring to the “Last Modified” legend above. Your use of the Site following changes to these Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance of those changes; provided, however, any material change to these Terms of Use shall not apply retroactively to any claim or dispute between you and us in connection with these Terms of Use that arose prior to the “Last Modified” date applicable to that version of these Terms of Use in which we included such material change. We may, at any time, modify or discontinue all or part of the Site; charge, modify or waive fees required to use the Site; or offer opportunities to some or all Site users. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not access or otherwise use the Site. You represent to us that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18, your parent or legal guardian must agree to these Terms of Use on your behalf.
2. Proprietary Rights
We and/or our respective licensors own all rights, title and interest in and to the Site, and all of the content (including, for example, audio, photographs, illustrations, graphics, other visuals, video, copy, software, etc.), code, data and materials thereon, the look and feel, design and organization of the Site, and the compilation of the content, code, data and materials on the Site, including, but not limited to, any copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, database rights, moral rights, sui generis rights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. Your use of the Site does not grant to you ownership of any content, code, data or materials you may access on the Site. Any commercial distribution, publishing or exploitation of the Site, or any content, code, data or materials on the Site, is strictly prohibited unless you have received the express prior permission of YESHIVA or the applicable rights holder.
We, our affiliates and/or our respective licensors or suppliers own the trade names, trademarks and service marks on the Site. All trademarks and service marks on the Site not owned by us or our affiliates are the property of their respective owners. You may not use our trade names, trademarks and service marks in connection with any product or service that is not ours, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade names, trademarks or service marks without express prior written consent of the owner.
3. Limited License
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, and solely for so long as you are permitted by us to access and use the Site, you may view one (1) copy of any content on the Site to which we provide you access hereunder on any single computer solely for your personal, noncommercial home use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Except as expressly authorized in advance by us in writing, you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on (whether in whole or in part) all or any part of the Site or any materials made available through the Site.
4. Rules of Conduct
In using the Site, you agree to obey the law, respect the rights of others and avoid objectionable, defamatory or disruptive behavior. In addition, you will comply with the following rules of conduct, as updated from time to time by us. You will not:
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, any regulation or law.
Post information on or download information from the Site unless You have all rights and authority necessary to do so.
Use the Site in violation of YESHIVA’s or any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights.
Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services without our express prior written consent.
Impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity, including, but not limited to, a YESHIVA representative or communicate under a false name or a name you are not entitled or authorized to use.
Insert any advertising, branding or other promotional content into any of the Site’s content, materials or Services (for example, without limitation, in an RSS feed or a podcast received from YESHIVA or otherwise through the Site), or use, redistribute, republish or exploit such content, materials or Services for any further commercial or promotional purposes.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Site or materials originating from the Site.
Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of, use of, or access to the Site.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Site.
Engage in “spidering,” “screen scraping,” “database scraping,” harvesting of e-mail addresses, wireless addresses or other contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of accessing, logging in or registering on the Site, or obtaining lists of users or obtaining or accessing other information or features on, from or through the Site, including, without limitation, any information residing on any server or database connected to the Site.
Obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to computer systems, materials, information or any Services made available on or through the Site through any means.
Interrupt, damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or the servers or networks used to make the Site available (including, without limitation, by sending mass unsolicited messages or “flooding” servers with requests), or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks.
Use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and/or enjoyment of the Site (including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Site).
Attempt (or encourage or support anyone else’s attempt) to modify, adapt, translate, circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, decompile, disassemble or otherwise alter or interfere with the Site, or any content thereof, or make unauthorized use thereof.
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made publicly available or provided through the Site.
Frame or mirror any part of the Site without our express prior written consent.
Create a database by systematically downloading and storing all or any Site content, or otherwise harvest, mine or collect or store personal information about others, including, without limitation, e-mail addresses and the content of User profiles.
Use the Site to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including, without limitation, others’ privacy rights or rights of publicity, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about other users of the Site. You may express your disagreement with someone’s point-of-view, but personal attacks or attacks based on another person’s race, national origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability or other such condition or circumstance are strictly prohibited.
Upload, submit, post, transmit, distribute, publish or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Site:
Anything that is or may be fraudulent, tortious, unlawful, threatening, degrading, hateful, intimidating, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit, indecent or otherwise objectionable, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, audio, and video files.
Anything that would constitute, or encourages conduct that would constitute, a criminal offense, or anything that would give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Surveys, advertising, junk mail, spam, contests, investment opportunities, chain letters, pyramid schemes, unnecessarily long messages, unnecessary or repetitive posts, multiple ratings for the same item, meaningless text, spamming, offensive declarations or exhortations or other similarly disruptive content.
Anything that would constitute plagiarism.
Anything that contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file, or program that is harmful or invasive or may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment.
Anything that encourages or provides instructional information about illegal activities or activities such as “hacking,” “cracking” or “phreaking.”
Anything that would violate or infringe the rights of third parties, including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, trade secret, confidentiality, contract, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right.
Anything that could constitute or contain false or misleading indications of origin, endorsement or statements of fact.
Any material non-public information about a company without the proper authorization to do so.
YESHIVA neither endorses your products or services, nor the content of your communications, postings or data, nor assumes any responsibility for any threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material contained in such materials, or any crime facilitated by use of the Site.
Violation of any of the above may, at any time without prior notice, result in a warning, temporary limit or suspension or immediate termination of your account or your access to the Site, reporting of your conduct to authorities, or legal action, as may be appropriate in the sole discretion of YESHIVA. You acknowledge that YESHIVA is not responsible for and does not assume any liability for the comments and opinions expressed by users of the Site, including, without limitation, with respect to the aforementioned activities. If you believe your account or your access to the Site has been terminated in error, please contact YESHIVA.  YESHIVA shall not have any liability to you or to any third party in respect of any limitation or suspension of your access to the Site.
YESHIVA attempts to create a safe and supportive environment for all individuals by taking measures to prevent offensive behavior. However, YESHIVA cannot and does not monitor the Site at all times and makes no guarantee with respect to your experience. Anyone who feels that a posted message or image is objectionable is encouraged to notify YESHIVA immediately. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately.
5. Submitted Materials
Site users may submit information and/or materials via or in connection with the Site (including, for example and without limitation, materials that you submit via chat rooms, message boards, blogs, and materials that you send to us via e-mail), including, without limitation, creative works, demos, ideas, suggestions, concepts, methods, systems, designs, plans, techniques or other materials (“Submitted Materials”).
By submitting or sending Submitted Materials to us, you warrant and agree that:
The Submitted Materials are original and genuine; and you are the sole and exclusive author and owner, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize YESHIVA to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all Submitted Materials to enable inclusion and use of the Submitted Materials in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
The Submitted Materials do not infringe any intellectual property or other proprietary right (statutory, common law or otherwise) of another person or entity.
The Submitted Material do not contain any matter that is defamatory, injurious, scandalous, obscene or libelous, that violates another's civil rights or right of privacy, or that is otherwise unlawful.
You have the right to submit the Submitted Materials to the Site without restriction and grant the rights and licenses described herein.
You hereby grant to YESHIVA a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free and fully paid-up license to use, reproduce, distribute, display, perform, prepare or create derivative works of and otherwise exploit the Submitted Materials, in whole or in part, submitted by you to YESHIVA, for any purpose, in any media formats and through any media channels. You understand and agree, however, that YESHIVA may retain, but not display, distribute or perform, server copies of Submitted Materials that have been removed or deleted.
YESHIVA does not endorse any Submitted Materials or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein, and YESHIVA expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Submitted Materials. YESHIVA has the right not to use any Submitted Materials submitted and/or use as much or as little as it may choose in its discretion. YESHIVA has the right to remove any Submitted Materials without notice at any time in its discretion. YESHIVA reserves the right (but is not obligated) to, without limitation: (a) record Submitted Materials; (b) investigate any allegation that Submitted Materials do not conform to these Terms of Use and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the Submitted Materials; and/or (c) monitor, edit or disclose any Submitted Materials. Any Submitted Materials will be deemed not to be confidential or secret, and may be used by us in any manner consistent with the Site’s Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for maintaining any Submitted Materials that you provide to us, and we may delete or destroy any such Submitted Materials at any time.
6. Privacy Policy
In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide certain information to us. Our information collection, use and disclosure policies with respect to such information are set forth in the Site’s Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein by reference. You are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of information that you submit through the Site. You agree that all information you provide to us is true, accurate and complete, and you agree to keep such information up to date. If you choose to make any of your personally identifiable or other information publicly available on the Site, you do so at your own risk.
7. Registration
You may need to register to use any part(s) of the Site. We may reject, or require that you change, any user name, password or other information that you provide to us in registering. Your user name and password are for your personal use only and should be kept confidential; you are responsible for any use of your user name and password, and you agree to promptly notify us of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your user name and password, or your Site account.
8. Products and Transactions
If you wish to purchase any products made available in connection with the Site (“Products”), or if you wish to make a donation, pay your tuition, or make any other transaction via the Site (each, a “Transaction”), you may be required to visit a separate Web site or other online service (each, a “Payment Site”) in order to complete your Transaction. Such Payment Site may be operated by us or a third party; the Payment Site’s own “terms of use” agreement should identify the operator of such site. Such Payment Site’s terms of use agreement (or similar legal document made available on such Payment Site), if any, and not these Terms of Use, may govern any Transactions that occur via such Payment Site. We have no responsibility or liability for Transactions that occur via any Payment Site unless we operate such Site and, if so, solely to the extent that we expressly agree to any such responsibility or liability in such Site’s terms of use agreement. References to Products on the Site do not imply our endorsement of those Products.
9. Rules for Promotions
Any sweepstakes, contests, raffles or other promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) made available through the Site may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms of Use. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms of Use, the Promotion rules will apply.
10. Forums
YESHIVA may, from time to time, make available through or in connection with the Site certain features and functionality, such as chat functionality, bulletin boards, profiles, message boards, blogs, other forums and other such features and functionality (“Forums”). Information contained in the Forums may be provided by YESHIVA employees, as well as by third party visitors to the Site. Please note that Site visitors may post messages or make statements in Forums that are inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. We, our affiliates, and our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers, neither endorse nor are responsible for any opinion, advice, information or statements made in the Forums by third parties. Without limitation, we, our affiliates, and our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers, are not responsible for any information or materials made available through the Forums (including, without limitation, errors or omissions in Forum postings, or links or images embedded in Forum messages) or results obtained by using any such information or materials. Under no circumstances will we, our affiliates, or our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers or service providers, be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on such information or materials.
The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect solely the opinions of the individuals who submitted such opinions, and may not reflect the opinions of YESHIVA.
In addition, we, our affiliates, and our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers, have no control over, and shall have no liability for, any damages resulting from the use (including, without limitation, republication) or misuse by any third party of information voluntarily made public through a Forum or any other part of the Site. IF YOU CHOOSE TO MAKE ANY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION PUBLICLY AVAILABLE IN A FORUM OR OTHERWISE ON THE SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
11. Right to Monitor and Editorial Control
YESHIVA reserves the right, but does not have an obligation, to monitor, review, evaluate and/or alter any Submitted Materials, and YESHIVA is not responsible for any such Submitted Materials. Without limiting the foregoing, YESHIVA reserves the right to disclose any Submitted Materials, or the circumstances surrounding their submission, in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you become aware of any unlawful, offensive or objectionable material(s) on the Site (except for material that infringes copyright, which is addressed in Section 12 below), contact us at abuse@yu.edu with your name and address, a description of the material(s) at issue, and the URL or location of such materials.
12. Copyright Notification
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. YESHIVA does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Site, and will remove content, including, without limitation, Submitted Materials, if properly notified that such content infringes on another's intellectual property rights. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user content or other content in any area of the Site infringes upon or otherwise conflicts with your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the DMCA by providing YESHIVA’s designated Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further detail):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and an electronic mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Please contact YESHIVA’s designated Copyright Agent at:
Andrew J. Lauer, Esq.
General Counsel
Yeshiva University
2495 Amsterdam Avenue, Suite 1001
New York, NY 10033-3201
voice: 646-592-4400
fax: 646-417-7358
e-mail: andrewlauer@yu.edu
For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to YU through the Feedback/Contact Us area of the Site. You hereby acknowledge and agree that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements listed above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.  See http://www.copyright.gov for details.
13. Third Party Content
The Site may incorporate certain functionality that allows, via the system or network of which the Site is a component, the routing and transmission of, and online access to, certain digital communications and content made available by third parties (“Third Party Content”). By using such Site functionality, you acknowledge and agree that you are directing us to access and transmit to you Third Party Content associated with such functionality. Because we do not control Third Party Content, you agree that we are neither responsible nor liable for any Third Party Content, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness, or safety of, or intellectual property rights relating to, Third Party Content. We have no obligation to monitor Third Party Content, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Content (in whole or part) via the Site at any time. Your access to or receipt of Third Party Content via the Site does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with any provider of, such Third Party Content. Further, your use of Third Party Content may be governed by additional Terms of Use that are not set forth in these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy (for example, terms of use that are made available by the providers of such Third Party Content). These Terms of Use do not create any legal relationship between you and the providers of such Third Party Content with respect to such Third Party Content, and nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to be a representation or warranty by us, our affiliates, or our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers or service providers, with respect to any Third Party Content.
14. Third Party Web Sites
The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources. YESHIVA is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. YESHIVA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on such external sites or resources. YESHIVA provides these links and references to you only as a convenience. Unless otherwise expressly stated, a link does not imply YESHIVA’s endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of, or affiliation with, the linked site or its content, and YESHIVA does not accept any responsibility therefore. If you would like to link to the Site, please contact YESHIVA by email at webmaster@yu.edu.
15. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless YESHIVA, our affiliates, and our respective employees, faculty, students, affiliated researchers, officers, directors, trustees, committee members, shareholders, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of (a) your use of, or activities in connection with, the Site; or (b) any violation of these Terms of Use by you. YESHIVA  reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim subject to indemnification by you hereunder, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with YESHIVA’s defense of such claim.
16. Trademarks
YESHIVA and YESHIVA’s logo and other product and service names of YESHIVA are trademarks of YESHIVA (the “YESHIVA Marks”).  You agree not to display, reproduce or otherwise use in any manner any of the YESHIVA Marks without YESHIVA’s prior written permission.
17. Unsolicited Submissions
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, we do not accept, invite or consider unsolicited submissions of ideas, proposals or suggestions (“Unsolicited Submissions”), whether related to the Site or otherwise. We do not treat Unsolicited Submissions as confidential. We have no obligations with respect to Unsolicited Submissions and may use them for any purpose whatsoever without compensation to you or any other person.
18. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR RISK. THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL SERVICES, PRODUCTS, CONTENT, FUNCTIONS AND MATERIALS, IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY FOR INFORMATION, DATA, DATA PROCESSING SERVICES, UPTIME OR UNINTERRUPTED ACCESS, AND ANY WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR USEFULNESS OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION, AND ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, OR ANY PRODUCTS, CONTENT, FUNCTIONS OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE WILL MEET USERS’ REQUIREMENTS. YESHIVA ALSO ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING IN THE SITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, DATA, TEXT, IMAGES, VIDEO, OR AUDIO FROM THE SITE.
ANY MATERIAL OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE IS DONE AT THE USER’S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THE USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO THE USER’S COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA.  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY THE USER FROM YESHIVA OR THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE AT ANY TIME AND WITHOUT ANY PRIOR WARNING. WE CANNOT, AND DO NOT, GUARANTEE THE CORRECTNESS, PRECISION, THOROUGHNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITE, NOR WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INACCURACY OR OMISSION CONCERNING ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES.  ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE USER.
19. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YESHIVA, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, FACULTY, STUDENTS, AFFILIATED RESEARCHERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, TRUSTEES, COMMITTEE MEMBERS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF SALES, USE, DATA, LOSS OF OTHER INTANGIBLES, LOSS OF SECURITY OF INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE, OR UNAUTHORIZED INTERCEPTION OF ANY SUCH INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN PARTICULAR, AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, FACULTY, STUDENTS, AFFILIATED RESEARCHERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, TRUSTEES, COMMITTEE MEMBERS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR FROM ANY CONTENT POSTED ON THE SITE BY US OR ANY THIRD PARTY. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF US FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU TO US TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ARE INTENDED TO APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEN, UNFORESEEN OR FORESEEABLE. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN ARE A CONDITION OF THE OTHER PARTY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS OF USE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE USER.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, YESHIVA’S LIABILITY IN JURISDICTIONS WHICH DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW BUT SHALL, IN NO EVENT, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT, IF ANY, PAID BY THE USER TO US TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITE.
While we try to maintain the integrity and security of the Site and the servers from which the Site is operated, we do not guarantee that the Site will be or remain secure, complete or correct, or that access to the Site will be uninterrupted. The Site may include inaccuracies, errors and materials that violate or conflict with these Terms of Use. Additionally, third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Site. If you become aware of any unauthorized third party alteration to the Site, contact us at abuse@yu.edu with a description of the material(s) at issue and the URL or location on the Site where such material(s) appear.
20. Modification, Waivers, Integration and Termination
YESHIVA may modify these Terms of Use at any time and from time to time. Upon any material modification to these Terms of Use, YESHIVA will provide you with notice by posting the modified Terms of Use on the Site. The modified Terms of Use will be effective immediately upon its posting on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the posting of the modified Terms of Use on the Site constitutes your agreement to abide and be bound by such terms, as modified.  Should you object to any modification, your sole recourse is to terminate your use of the Site. These Terms of Use may not otherwise be modified, except in a writing signed by both parties. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Site shall be subject to these Terms of Use.  No delay or failure on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.  No waiver whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing, signed by the party to be charged, and then only to the extent therein set forth.
These Terms of Use are effective until terminated. YESHIVA, in its sole discretion, may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue all or part of the Site at any time. YESHIVA shall not be liable to you or any third party in the event that YESHIVA exercises its right to modify or discontinue the Site (or any portion of the Site). YESHIVA may terminate, restrict or suspend your use of or access to the Site, at any time, or for any reason, including if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use or applicable law. YESHIVA maintains a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the Site use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. Upon any such termination, your right to use the Site will immediately cease. You agree that any termination of your access to or use of the Site may be effected without prior notice, and that we may immediately deactivate or delete your password and user name, and all related information and files associated with them, and/or bar any further access to such information or files. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Site or to any such information or files, and shall not be required to make such information or files available to you after any such termination. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters contemplated hereby.
21. Notices
Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be made under these Terms of Use may be delivered in person, by facsimile, by United States certified or registered mail, by a nationally-recognized overnight courier or, as provided below, by electronic means.  Except as otherwise provided herein, a notice shall be effective (a) upon receipt, if delivered in person; (b) upon receipt (confirmed by automatic answer back or like evidence of receipt), if sent by facsimile during normal business hours at the office of the recipient thereof and otherwise at the opening of business at such recipient’s office on the next business day; (c) three (3) days after deposit into the United States mail, if sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (d) at 11:00 a.m. on the next business day, if sent by overnight courier; and (e) as provided below, if sent by electronic means.  In each case, such notice to any party shall be made to the address of such party indicated (i) in the case of YESHIVA, below, or (ii) in the case of the user, in any registration or other similar form.  Either party may from time to time change its address for receiving notices in writing, or its electronic address, by posting a change of address on the Site or by sending a notice to the other party in writing or by electronic means promptly confirmed in writing.  Any notice or other communication to be made hereunder, even if otherwise required to be in writing under other provisions of these Terms of Use, may alternatively be made in an electronic record transmitted electronically to the electronic addresses set forth (1) in the case of YESHIVA, below, or (2) in the case of the user, in any registration or other similar form.  Any notice or other communication made in electronic form will have the same legal effect and enforceability as if made in non-electronic form. YESHIVA may also broadcast notices or messages on the Site, or other matters of importance; such broadcasts shall constitute notice to users.
22. Assignment
You shall not assign or otherwise transfer these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, or delegate or subcontract any of its rights or obligations hereunder, without YESHIVA’s prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Any attempted transfer or delegation by you without YESHIVA’s consent will be void. These Terms of Use will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's successors and permitted assigns.
23. Severability
The invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more sections of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity or enforceability of its remaining provisions.
24. Filtering
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d) as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available at: http://kids.getnetwise.org/ and http://onguardonline.gov/. Please note that we do not endorse any of the products or services listed at these sites.
25. Notice for California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please send an e-mail to abuse@yu.edu. You may also contact us by writing to Yeshiva University, Attn: Information Security Office, ITS, 2495 Amsterdam Avenue, New York, NY 10033- 3201, or by calling us at (212) 960-5294. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
26. Jurisdictional Issues
We control and/or operate the Site from the United States. The Site is not intended to subject us to non-U.S. jurisdiction or laws. We do not represent that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in jurisdictions outside of the United States.  If you access the Site, you do so at your own initiative and risk, and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
27. Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of New York, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. You agree to exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the County of New York, New York, U.S.A., and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. The parties waive personal service of any and all process and agree that all such service of process may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to such party, at the address (a) if YESHIVA is the recipient, set forth below and (b) if the user is the recipient, set forth in any registration or other similar form.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE.
28. Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use do not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. These Terms of Use, together with all policies referred to herein, are the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter herein and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and us relating to such subject matter. Notices to you may be made via posting to the Site, by e-mail, or by regular mail, in our discretion. The Site may also provide notices of changes to these Terms of Use or other matters by displaying such notices or by providing links to such notices. Without limitation, you agree that a printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. We will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond our control.
29. Acknowledgement
You acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms of Use, and that these Terms of Use have the same force and effect as a signed agreement.
Andrew J. Lauer, Esq.
General Counsel
Yeshiva University
2495 Amsterdam Avenue, Suite 1001
New York, NY 10033-3201
Voice: 646-592-4400
fax: 646-417-7358
e-mail: andrewlauer@yu.edu
See Privacy Policy
List of Trademarks