http://www.zkorean.com/company/privacy
Toggle navigation
Alphabet
History of Hangul
Appearance
Structure
Pronunciation
Romanization
Dictionary
Study Tools
Study Tools
Romanizer
Translation Helper
Audio Flash Cards
Korean Flash Cards
English Flash Cards
Known Words
Reference
About Korea
Geography
History of Korea
The Korean War
The Arts
Culture
Korean Food
Customs
Youth Culture
Company
About zKorean
Contact Us
Bug Report
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Why Sign Up?
All the Benefits
Dictionary Features
On-screen Keyboard
Search Suggestions
Flash Cards
Romanizer
Translation Helper
Search Romanized
Questions?
Sign Up
Log in
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
zKorean Privacy Policy
When you visit zkorean.com, our commitment to you as our valued customer is to provide a valuable, informative
and quality experience that is synonymous with zKorean. In order to do so, we may obtain information about you
so that we may provide you with all of the benefits that zkorean.com offers. That information may include your
name, address(s), phone number, email address, subscriptions/products ordered and zKorean website usage
statistics. (zKorean will never ask you for your social security number, driver's license number or date of
birth.) Because we respect your privacy, we will always handle your information in a safe and responsible
manner. We will never sell your personal information to anyone for any reason.
When you provide zkorean.com with information about yourself or anyone else, that information is safely stored
in our secure web server. To best serve you, zkorean.com will share that information only with its own employees
and with carefully-selected outside companies that we hire to perform services for us, such as maintaining our
database of customer information or preparing and distributing email or paper mail messages to our customers.
We require that these outside companies agree, in writing, to keep confidential all information that we share
with them and to use such information only to perform their obligations in their agreements with zkorean.com.
We will continue to find new ways to enhance your experience at zkorean.com, and we welcome your periodic review
of our Privacy Policy as we update it from time to time to reflect improved technologies and services.
Security Policy
We want your experiences at zKorean to be safe and positive and we are fully committed to this goal. Using your
credit card to place an online order with zkorean.com is safer than using your credit card in a store or over
the phone. This is true for several reasons both technical and practical, but most notably because your credit
card number is processed automatically through the credit card or Paypal payments gateway, and no one at zKorean
ever sees or has access to your credit card number, as is potentially the case in a busy store or phone-sales line.
zKorean does not store your credit card in any way on any of its systems.
text with your customers for customer feedback
comment cards
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
zKorean
About Us
Contact Us
Report a Bug
© 1997 - 2020 zKorean, a
service of ReadyPrompt, LLC. All rights reserved.