http://www.homerton.cam.ac.uk/privacypolicy
Navigation
Home
About HomertonPeopleFellows
Associate Fellows
Bye-Fellows
Emeritus Fellows
Honorary Fellows
Research Associates
College Officers
Poet-in-Residence
Administrative Staff
Retired Senior Members AssociationHistory of the RSMA
History
About the ArchivesArchive: Copying charges and regulations
Homerton College Timeline
The Kate Pretty Lectures
Contact & Directions
COVID-19 Guidelines for College Visitors
Life at HomertonAccommodation
Facilities
Library
Health, Welfare and Pastoral Support
Homerton Changemakers
The Jacqueline Bardsley Poet-in-Residence
Homerton International Programme
Living in Cambridge
Current MembersTutorial Team
Term Dates
Student Finance, Awards and Grants
Graduating at General AdmissionDress Code
Graduation
Transcript Requests
CateringCatering Team
ITAudio-Visual Support
Conference Support
Eduroam/Resnet
Data Backup
Managed Cluster Service
Software & Hardware Support
JCR
MCR
SocietiesCharter ChoirTours2012: Alsace, France
2013: Istria, Croatia
2014: Dublin and Galway
2015: French Riviera and Monaco
2016: USA East Coast
2017: Germany
2018: Czech Republic
Who's Who?
Music
Recordings
Sports
Teaching and LearningLibrary Team
UndergraduateAdmissions - Apply to Homerton
Current Applicants Noticeboard
What is a College?
What can I study?
Subjects
What are the entry requirements?
The application process
Interviews and Admission Assessments
Written Work
College Open Days 2020 and Visiting Homerton
Affiliated students
Mature students
Overseas students
Undergraduate Financial SupportMusic Awards and Scholarships
Current Offer Holders
Tutorial Team
Ideas for Wider Reading
PostgraduateApplications
Accommodation
Fees and FundingCharter Graduate Awards
The Horobin Sports Awards
Facilities and Support
Master of Education (MEd)
PGCEHow to Apply
PGCE Accommodation
Frequently Asked Questions
Funding and Finance
Tutorial Team
Access and OutreachArea Links Scheme
Schools and Colleges Liaison Officer
Visits to Cambridge
Visit to your School
Summer Schools
Further Information
Homerton Shadow Scheme 2020
Alumni and SupportersSupporting Homerton
Local Branches
Alumni Benefits and Events
Alumni Connections and Covid-19
Data protection
Transcripts
Homerton Art Prints
Conferencing
News
Homerton International Programmes
Public Documents
Student Policies and Procedures
Privacy Policy
Vacancies
Intranet
Nexus
GDPR Compliance
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
General
This policy explains what information we gather when you visit the Homerton College central website, and explains how that information is used.
Any Changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Financial Information
We do not store credit card details. Personal information will not be disclosed to external organisations other than agents contracted with non-disclosure agreements, acting on behalf of the College. Information may be used for direct marketing purposes.
Data collected
In common with most web sites, this site automatically logs certain information about every request made of it (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely.
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations. Data may incidentally be included in information passed to contractors and computer maintenance organisations working for the University, in which case it will be covered by appropriate non-disclosure agreements. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
[You should appreciate that a log is a record of what a server sees, not necessarily what was initially sent. If a request is sent via a proxy the log file will show the proxy's address. If someone has forged your address the log file will show your address]
A number of fill-in forms are provided on this site. The pages containing these forms include information on how data submited on them will be processed and used.
This site may use web "cookies" as part of user authentication (login) and to store information needed by other facilities. From time to time this site will be running Google analytics, which uses cookies for tracking visitors to the site. This is to gain more complete data on site use and will support the ongoing web review.
Logged data
The following data is automatically logged for each request:
The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client
The username, when known during authenticated (logged in) access to the site
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser
Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes. In addition, the computers on which the web site is hosted keep records of attempts (authorised and unauthorised) to use them for purposes other than access to the web server. This data typically includes the date and time of the attempt, the service to which access was attempted, the name or network address of the computer making the connection, and may include details of what was done or was attempted to be done.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Report Webpage Issues:
Your Name *
Contact e-mail
(Only required if you wish for a reply to the report)
Short Description of Issues *
GDPR
Details of our commitment to GDPR.
Further details of GDPR relating to the Report Webpage Issues form .
Leave this field blank
About HomertonHistory
People
Contact & Directions
Life at Homerton
Facilities
Current Members
Societies
Teaching
Living in Cambridge
JCR
MCR
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
PGCE
Master of Education
Access and Outreach
Brexit Analysis and FAQS
News
Alumni
Conferencing
Student Policies and Procedures
Public Documents
GDPR
Gender Pay
Privacy Policy
Vacancies
Intranet
Sitemap
Contacting us
Homerton College
Hills Road, Cambridge,
CB2 8PH.
Tel: 01223 747111
Homerton College is a Registered Charity No. 1137497
© 2020 Homerton College. All Rights Reserved.