http://www.comm.cornell.edu/research/policy-and-public-engagement
Skip to main content
Back to top
HomeResearchPolicy and Public Engagement
Policy and Public Engagement
Researchers in this area examine policy and public engagement along two dimensions. The first is the communication challenge of designing and implementing policy. For example, how can communities engage their members in the generation of policies relevant to their needs and concerns? What role can communication researchers and practitioners play in this process? How does strategic communication influence public perception of and support for particular policies? How, and to what effect, are scientific, social, health, environmental, and technological issues framed in media and public discourse? The second is the study of communication policy itself. For example, how is public communication governed by formal and informal rules across nations, platforms, and other technologies? On what assumptions about democracy, culture, and the social good are these policies based? How do publics respond to these policies, and how do new policies shape the broader information landscape?
Recent projects in this area focus on:
Assessing capacity for public engagement through citizen science
Establishing a framework for training science communicators
Involving people from low-SES backgrounds in research on implications of health and environmental policy
Understanding communication dimensions of science controversies
Testing theory-informed message strategies to promote evidence-based public policies
Working with educators to design and evaluate educational interventions to promote digital citizenship skills among youth
Understanding how privacy, algorithms, artificial intelligence influences democracy and the development of personal, social, political and economic engagement
Developing ethical guidelines and practices in higher and public education regarding privacy, algorithms and artificial intelligence
Understanding, testing, and auditing digital policy systems that govern online speech and behavior
Associated Faculty:
Dominic Balog-Way
Natalie Bazarova
Tarleton Gillespie
Amelia Greiner Safi
Stephen Hilgartner
Bruce Lewenstein
Neil Lewis, Jr.
Drew Margolin
J. Nathan Matias
Katherine McComas
Jeff Niederdeppe
Dawn Schrader
Jonathon Schuldt
Associated Research Groups and Labs:
Citizens and Technology Lab
Cornell Social Media Lab
Motivation and Goal Pursuit Lab
ResearchCulture and Identity
Groups, Organizations, and Networks
Media Studies
Policy and Public Engagement
Science, Health, Risk, and Environment
Social Inequality
Technology and Social Media