http://www.myerscough.ac.uk/policies/
We use cookies to improve your user experience. By using our site you are agreeing to our cookie policy.
OK, I agree!
Myerscough College's Principal and Chief Executive is Alison Robinson.
Myerscough College Further Education Corporation is committed to its stewardship of the College and upholds strongly its legal responsibilities and furthering Myerscough as a leader in land based education in the United Kingdom. All of the Governors who serve on the Corporation are committed to Myerscough and acting in the best interests of the College.
The Corporation is a legal body constituted under the Further and Higher Education Act 1992 and consists of 20 members from all walks of life and a cross section of the community which it serves, including staff and two students from College. In business terms it equates to a board of directors in a company.
Under the current Articles of Government the Corporation is responsible for:
the determination and periodic review of the educational character and mission of the institution and for the oversight of its activities;
approving the quality strategy of the institution;
the effective and efficient use of resources, the solvency of the institution and the Corporation and for safeguarding their assets;
approving annual estimates of income and expenditure;
the appointment, grading, suspension, dismissal and determination of the pay and conditions of service of the holders of senior posts and the Clerk, including, where the Clerk is, or is to be appointed as, a member of staff, the Clerk’s appointment, grading, suspension, dismissal and determination of pay in the capacity as a member of staff; and
setting a framework for the pay and conditions of service of all other staff.
The following links provide further information regarding the current structure of the Corporation and its committees. Some of the links open Portable Document Format (PDF) files. To view them you will require Adobe Acrobat software.
College Documents, Policies and Procedures
Further Education
Further Education Bursary Policy
Higher Education
Higher Education Student Transfers
Student Protection Plan
Higher Education Tuition Fees Policy 2020-2021
Higher Education Tuition Fees Policy 2019-2020
Higher Education Tuition Fees Policy 2018 2019
Higher Education Tuition Fee Table 2018/19
Higher Education Tuition Fee Table 2019/20
Higher Education Tuition Fee Table 2020/21
Higher Education Bursary Policy
Higher Education Student Charter
Higher Education Course Changes and Closures Policy and Procedure
Higher Education Student Handbook
Residency and Safeguarding Documents
Residency Statement of Principles and Practice
Allocation of Accommodation
Child Protection and Safeguarding Policy and Procedure
General College Policies and Procedures
Appealing Against Assessment Decisions Policy and Procedure
Complaints Policy and Procedure
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Policy
Extenuating Circumstances for Higher and Further Education Students
Fitness to Study Policy
Health & Safety Policy and Procedure
Inclusive Learning Policy and Procedure
Student Admissions Policy and Procedure
Student Disciplinary Code
Student Support and Welfare Policy and Procedure
Teaching, Learning and Assessment Policy and Procedure
Whistleblowing Policy and Procedure
The Myerscough Code
Recognition of Prior Learning Policy and Procedure
Unfair Means to Enhance Performance Policy and Procedure
Withdrawal, Break in Learning and Transfer of FE, Apprentices and HE StudentsPolicy and Procedure
Policies and Procedures regarding Careers Advice for Students
Provider Access Policy
MyFuture 2018-2022 Strategy
On Programme Careers Support Information
Finance
Procurement Policy
Procurement Strategy
Sub-Contractor Supply Chain Fees and Charges Policy and Procedure
Access to Information
The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) 2000 gives a general right of access to recorded information held by public authorities; sets out exemptions from that right and places a number of obligations on public authorities.
Myerscough College has adopted the new Model Publication Scheme for Colleges of Further Education effective from 1st January 2009 as approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Information Commissioner's Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF www.ico.org.ukOur information is regularly updated - if you have any queries, please contact the Data Protection Officer. If you require any of our documents or policies in larger print then please call 01995 642222 or email our Enquiries Team.
Myerscough College, St Michael's Road, Bilsborrow, Preston, PR3 0RY
For all enquiries please see our contact page or call 01995 642222.
UK Provider Registration Number: 10004478
Courses
Commercial Services
Equine Events
Research
Vacancies
Apprenticeships
Short Courses
Local Offer
Academic Calendars
Living on Campus
My Applications
Student Login (Outside College)
Student Login (Inside College)
Parent Portal
Governors Login
Careers
Payments
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Policies and Procedures
Governance
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion