http://www.swtafe.vic.edu.au/about-us/privacy/
Privacy
South West TAFE complies with Australian Privacy laws. This is how your privacy is protected during your visit.
Apply now to study soon
Any Questions?
Make an online enquiry
Our enquiry form takes 2 minutes
Call us on 1300 648 911
We’re here to help from Monday – Friday, 8am – 5pm!
South West TAFE respects your right to privacy
When you study at South West TAFE or use any of our services, we may collect personal information from you to identify who you are. We respect this personal information and do our best to keep it safe and secure. In all circumstances, we are obliged to comply with the Victorian Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014, Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 and the Health Records Act 2001, and with the privacy principles referred to in these Acts.
Information Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Why do we collect personal information?
When you enrol we ask you for personal information so that we can identify you as a student of South West TAFE and so that we can contact you (to pass on your results, for example). We try to only collect the information we need, though sometimes we ask questions which are required by government departments, such as: “what is your highest level of schooling?” We may also ask for personal information so we can offer extra assistance if relevant, such as: “do you have a disability?”
How do we collect personal information?
We generally collect your personal information from your enrolment form. There may also collect information from other forms such as a Work Placement Application Form, where work placement is a part of your course.
What do we do with the information we collect?
Generally, the information we collect about you stays within South West TAFE and is shared between your teaching department, our data team, the Finance Department, and other support services such as the Library and Student Services. Sometimes we are required to disclose information to other organisations. For example:
If your training is taking place as a result of a Registered Training Agreement, we will report on your progress to your employer or host employer.
Where required by law we will report to other government bodies such as Centrelink or the Department of Veterans’ Affairs.
We provide information to our funding body, the Higher Education and Skills Group, for their annual audit and survey of participating students.
Of course, where we do provide information to another agency, they are also required to respect your privacy.
How do I know the information is correct?
We will do everything we can to make sure that the information we hold about you is up to date and correct. You can help us by filling out your enrolment form carefully and letting our Customer Service team know when any of your personal details change. You can do this by sending an email to learn@swtafe.edu.au
Can I access my personal information?
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to some exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, speak with a Customer Service Officer. For security reasons, we will ask you to put your request in writing, and we reserve the right to charge a fee for locating the information, depending on the difficulty of the request. If the information is incorrect we will do our best to correct it as soon as possible after you tell us.
Can a third party access my information?
Unless required by law, we are unable to share your information with a third party without your permission. If a third party such as your employer or a family member (if you are over 18) – requests information about you, we ask for your written permission to do so before we share it.
What happens if I don’t provide my personal information?
You can choose not to provide your personal details, but then we may not be able to provide you with all the services you require and in some circumstances it will affect your enrolment into a course.
What do I do if I want to know more?
If you want to know more about what sort of personal information we hold and what we do with it, contact:
Audit, Risk and Compliance ManagerSouth West TAFEP O Box 674, Warrnambool VIC 3280feedback@swtafe.edu.au
Back to top
There's never been a better time to consider TAFE.
Apply for a course
Ask a question
Free TAFE course
URL: https://www.swtafe.edu.au/about-us/privacy