https://www.wishtv.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAdam Staten2020-05-13T08:00:00-04:00
UPDATED: MAY 12, 2020
Privacy Policy
WISH-TV Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
WISH-TV respects the privacy of users on the Internet and has developed this privacy policy to protect user privacy on its web sites and mobile apps. The purpose of this policy is to explain the types of information WISH-TV obtains about the users, how the information is obtained, how it is used, how it may be disclosed to others, and how users can restrict its use or disclosure.
Personally Identifiable Information
Online privacy concerns focus on the protection of “personally identifiable” information which an individual or customer reasonable expects to be kept private. As the term suggests, “personally identifiable” information is information that can be associated with a specific individual or entity.
The only personally identifiable information WISH-TV obtains about individual users through our web sites is information supplied voluntarily by the user. Users interacting with our sites may provide WISH-TV with name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, domain name or URL or other personally identifiable information that WISH-TV may use for its own business purposes. WISH-TV will collect and use this information for the ability to provide and change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, for billing purposes, or to create or inform you of products and services that better meet your needs.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
WISH-TV does collect some non-personally identifiable generic information about our users as a means of measuring the effectiveness of our web sites/mobile apps. WISH-TV identifies certain user information in the normal course of operation, but such information does not reveal a user’s personal identity. We collect this information only in the aggregate and use it to evaluate and improve our web sites. The following are examples of non-personally identifiable generic information:
IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is assigned to a user’s computer whenever that user is using the World Wide Web. Web site servers must be able to identify individual computers by their IP address. WISH-TV collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration security and to report aggregate usage information. WISH-TV does not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.
Computer settings: Settings, technical and other information from your computer, such as your operating system, browser version, connectivity, various communication parameters and other information related to the operation and interaction of WISH-TV web sites may be collected by WISH-TV. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, WISH-TV will use such information solely in order to provide technically appropriate formatting of information provided by WISH-TV. The collection of this information will not include any personally identifiable information about you or any individual user.
Privacy Protections for Children
Most WISH-TV content and services are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Some WISH-TV content may ask for your full date of birth to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 18. In instances where a WISH-TV service has actual knowledge that it collects information from children, or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.
User-Generated Content
Some WISH-TV services enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, promotions, blogs, over-the-air television broadcasts, online audio and video streams, message boards, and other functions. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and to exercise caution when choosing to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. You should also be aware that we may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs, message boards and similar functions. This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to WISH-TV, but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are used for record keeping purposes. Cookies allow WISH-TV to save certain information about a user, such as individual preferences, in order to facilitate and enhance the user’s future activity on the WISH-TV web site. WISH-TV will not use cookies to retrieve information from a user’s computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, WISH-TV shall not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, and shall not share that information with any third parties for any reason. A user may refuse cookies by turning off that feature on their web browser.
FCC Requirements
If you send a written communication (including an email) regarding the programming or operation of WISH-TV, your communication may be placed in the public inspection file of that station or made available via electronic file access at the station. In either case, your communication may be subject to review by members of the general public, as required by Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) regulations. Be advised that we are not responsible for information that may be disclosed if your communication is made available for review by members of the general public in compliance with FCC regulations.
Disclosure
WISH-TV will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any personally identifiable information derived from registration for or use of a WISH-TV service without the consent of the customer, except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or court order pursuant to applicable law, regulation or legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the customer or others.
Non-Participation
Any user who does not wish to receive further contacts from WISH-TV may write to newsdesk@wishtv.com or 1950 N. Meridian St., Indianapolis, IN 46202.
Data Security
WISH-TV will protect the confidentiality of its customer’s personally identifiable information to the fullest extent possible and consistent with law and legitimate
interests of WISH-TV and its employees. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of such information, WISH-TV has appropriate physical, electronic and management procedures in place.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us by writing to newsdesk@wishtv.com or 1950 N. Meridian St., Indianapolis, IN 46202.
WISH-TV is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of non-WISH-TV web sites, including web sites reached through a link on a WISH-TV web site. Other web sites may have different privacy policies, or no policy. Users should review the privacy policies of any web site before providing personal information.
Should WISH-TV modify its practices regarding the collection and use of information obtained from users in the future, this privacy policy will be amended to reflect such modifications.