http://www.stedelijk.nl/en/privacy-statement
Home
TYPE OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Acting in the capacity of data controller in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam (otherwise referred to as ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’) is authorised to process your personal data because you make use of our services and/or because you have provided us with the data by filling in a form on our website. When processing your data we respect your privacy and we will never process more personal data than strictly necessary. This page gives information about the categories of personal data we collect when you use our services, why we collect these data and how we process them.
Personal data refers to all information about an identified or identifiable natural person. Depending on the situation, we process one or more of the following categories of personal data:
Basic information such as your title, first and last names together with any prefix;
Contact information such as your email address, postal address and telephone number;
Information about the device you use to visit our website, such as an IP address;
Your bank account number;
Personal data that you provide us with in the context of attending any gatherings or events;
Personal data that you provide us with in the context of signing an agreement, such as gift agreements, loan agreements and agreements with suppliers.
Personal data that you provide us with in connection with a job application, such as your first and last name, date of birth, address, telephone number, nationality, marital status and any other personal data mentioned in your application;
All other personal data that you provide us with or that we may obtain in connection with the purposes and in accordance with the legal grounds outlined below.
We process the above-mentioned personal data because you have provided us with the data. In addition, we may also obtain your personal data from other sources, for example, when you apply via a temporary employment agency or a recruitment and selection agency.
VISITING THE WEBSITE
We process your IP address when you visit the website. The purpose of this processing is to generate statistics concerning the use of the website in order to analyse and improve this. Cookies are used for this. The legal ground for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in ensuring the website functions well and to collect data which we can use to improve the website. The website statistics are generated by Google Analytics. Google receives your personal data in this context. For more information on the use of cookies by Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, please see our cookie statement.
TICKET SALES
We collect the following data in connection with ticket sales: title (not mandatory), name, email address, postal address and payment details per payment method. We process these personal data for the purpose of implementing the purchase agreement concluded with you. The legal ground for processing this personal data may be the performance of the contract concluded with you, or compliance with a legal obligation, or a combination of both. For ticket payments we use the Adyen online payment platform. Adyen receives your personal data for this.
SUBSCRIPTION TO THE NEWSLETTER
When you subscribe to the newsletter, we collect the following data: name and email address. We process this personal data for the purpose of sending you our newsletter. The legal ground for processing this personal data is your consent to such processing. We use Spotler email marketing software to send the newsletter. Spotler receives your personal data for this.
BOOKING A GUIDED TOUR
When a guided tour is booked, we collect the following data: company/school name (not mandatory), title (not mandatory), name, postal address and email address. We process these personal data for the purpose of (i) giving you a tour of the museum and (ii) contacting you by phone if you so request and/or in writing (via email and/or by post) if we are unable to reach you by phone. The legal ground for processing this personal data may be our legitimate interest, or the performance of the contract concluded with you, or compliance with a legal obligation, or a combination of these. For guided tour payments we use the Adyen online payment platform. Adyen receives your personal data for this.
MEMBERSHIPS
When you become a member of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, we collect the following data: name, postal address, telephone number (not mandatory), email address and date of birth. We process these personal data for the purpose of (i) offering you membership, (ii) contacting you by phone if you so request and/or in writing (via email and/or by post) if we are unable to reach you by phone, and (iii) marketing and business development activities such as sending you newsletters, invitations to our events and other marketing communications that may be of interest to you. The legal ground for processing these personal data may be the performance of the contract concluded with you, or your consent, or compliance with a legal obligation, or a combination of these. To send the personal data and the newsletter we use Spotler email marketing software. Spotler receives your personal data for this.
CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT
To maintain and manage our relationships with visitors, patrons, artists, museums and other enterprises, we collect the following data: name, address, telephone number (non-obligatory) and email address. We process these data to maintain various relationships. The legal ground for this processing is to implement an agreement, or our legitimate interest in maintaining relationships in order to improve services, products, communication and fund-raising.
JOB APPLICATIONS AND EMPLOYEES
When you apply for a job vacancy at the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, we collect the following data: name, town or city, email address, telephone number, gender and other personal data contained in your LinkedIn profile, CV and/or letter of motivation. We process these personal data for the purpose of handling your job application. The legal ground for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in finding suitable candidates. We use tool2match software for recruitment and selection. tool2match receives your personal data for this. When a job candidate has been taken on, a personnel file is maintained in accordance with legal obligations.
CAMERA SURVEILLANCE
We use camera surveillance for security purposes. The images produced by this camera surveillance are retained for a maximum of four weeks and are not shared with any third party, unless the data is required in the context of an investigation by the police or other authorities. The legal ground for camera surveillance is our legitimate interest, or compliance with a legal obligation, or a combination of both.
STORAGE AND SECURITY
We store your personal data for no longer than is strictly necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the data are collected, with the exception of statutory retention periods.
Besides this, we take suitable security measures to prevent misuse of, and unauthorised access to, your personal data. We take various technical and organisational measures to ensure an effective level of security.
SHARING WITH OTHERS
We may provide your personal data to employees of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and other third parties who provide services to us, for example, for processing payments, distributing newsletters and handling memberships. Insofar as a third party processes your personal data in the capacity of a data processor for the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, this is done based on a data processing agreement concluded between us and the third party that meets the requirements of the GDPR. Transfer of your personal data to the above-mentioned third parties takes place only for the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Statement and only on the legal bases stated in this Privacy Statement.
Outside the European Economic Area, we only supply personal data to Google for the use of Google Analytics. Google complies with the Privacy Shield principle, so that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of personal data within the meaning of Article 45 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
YOUR RIGHTS
The GDPR gives you various rights concerning your personal data. These rights include:
Right of access. You may submit to us free of charge a request for information about the processing of your personal data.
Right to rectification. At your request we will correct or add to your personal data if these are incorrect or incomplete, taking account of the purpose of the processing.
Right to erasure. Where one of the grounds of Article 17 of the GDPR applies, we will erase your personal data without undue delay.
Right to withdraw your consent. You may withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data if the processing is based on the legal ground of our legitimate interest.
Right to restriction. You have the right to obtain from us a restriction of processing of your personal data. This right may be exercised if one of the elements of Article 18 of the GDPR applies. The consequence of this is that your personal data will (temporarily) not be processed or changed.
Right to data portability. You have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transfer them to another controller.
Right to submit a complaint. You have the right to submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority if you are of the opinion that your personal data are being processed in contravention of this privacy statement.
You may send a request to exercise these rights to info@stedelijk.nl. The Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam will respond to your request as soon as possible and will observe the statutory deadlines.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam may unilaterally modify this Privacy Statement. In case of any material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will inform you about this clearly on our website.
DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS?
If you have any questions concerning this privacy statement or how we process your personal data, or if you would like to exercise one of the above-mentioned rights, please contact us at info@stedelijk.nl.
Stedelijk.nl is a website of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam. The Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam can be reached as follows:
Visiting address
Main entrance:
Museumplein 10
1071 DJ Amsterdam
Postal address
Stedelijk Museum
PO Box 75082
1070 AB Amsterdam
Telephone
T +31 (0)20 5732 911
F +31 (0)20 6752 716
M info@stedelijk.nl
Visit
Plan your visit
Guided tours
Education
Families
Museumshop
Restaurant
Library
Accessibility
FAQ
What's on
Today
Exhibitions
Events
Dig deeper
Overview
Collection online
Longreads
Mini stories
Books
Research
Collection Care & Conservation
Museum
Organisation
History
Blikopeners Teen program
Inclusive programming
Organize an event
Vacancies
Contact
Loan request
News & press
News and press releases
Press office
Press images
Join us
Members
Donations
Corporate support
Foundations
Opening hours
Daily: 10 – 18 uur
Prices
Adults: € 18,50
Students: € 10
Buy your ticket
Address
Museumplein 10
1071 DJ Amsterdam
Plan route
FROM THONET TO 'DUTCH DESIGN'
25 Jul 2020
until
21 Mar 2021
In the Presence of Absence
5 Sep 2020
until
31 Jan 2021
Arthur Jafa
29 Aug 2020
until
3 Jan 2021
Discover our collection
Browse
Nederlands
English
Planen Sie Ihren Besuch
Programmez votre visite
Planeje a sua visita
Prepara la tua visita