http://www.london.edu/about/london-business-school/policies-and-legislation
Skip to main content
Home
About us
London Business School
Policies and legislation
Save to my profile
Policies and legislation
Our key policies and the legislative requirements they meet.
Overview
London Business School
Scroll left
Back
Go to London Business School
Our Leadership
Programmes
Our social impact
Our rankings and accreditation
Policies and legislation
Financial statements
Scroll right
Our campuses
Scroll left
Back
Go to Our campuses
London
Dubai
Scroll right
Inclusion and diversity
Scroll left
Back
Go to Inclusion and diversity
LGBTQ+
Women at LBS
Scroll right
Contact us
Scroll left
Back
Go to Contact us
Frequently asked questions
LBS social media
Scroll right
Annual Statement on Compliance with the Modern Slavery Act
Legislation complied with: The Modern Slavery Act 2015
Content: this statement is made pursuant to Section 54 part 6 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and sets out the steps that London Business School is taking to ensure that slavery and human trafficking are not taking place in its supply chains or in any part of its business.
Statement on Compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (PDF, 28KB)
Contact for enquiries: School Secretary
Freedom of Information Publication Scheme
Legislation complied with: Freedom of Information Act 2000
Content: sets out details of the types of information we will routinely make available.
London Business School's Freedom of Information Publication Scheme
Contact for enquiries: Freedom of Information Enquiries Mailbox.
Data Protection
Legislation complied with: UK Data Protection laws
Content: explains how we handle personal data responsibly in accordance with our role as a registered data controller.
Contact for enquiries: Data Manager
Privacy Statement
Legislation complied with: UK Data Protection laws
Content: our privacy statement that applies to all London Business School sites and services (but not to external sites, which will have their own statements).
London Business School’s Privacy Statement
London Business School's Executive Education Privacy Statement
Take-Down Policy: addressing copyright concerns
Legislation complied with: UK copyright law
Content: our policy for the removal of content from any of our websites due to infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. To speed up the process, we ask that you comply with the provisions set out in this Take-Down Policy.
Contact for enquiries: Director, Learning Innovation
Take-Down Policy: Addressing Copyright Concerns
Inclusion and Diversity information
Legislation complied with: The Public Sector Equality Duty of the Equality Act (2010) (which requires public bodies to publish relevant equality information by 31st January each year).
Content: Our diversity annual report, objectives and code of practice, which outline the steps we are taking to further and strengthen our diversity.
Contact for enquiries: Assistant Director, Faculty HR.
Diversity Annual Report, 2019 (PDF, 6.66MB)
Diversity Objectives (PDF, 211KB)
Diversity Policy and Code of Practice (PDF, 375KB)
View our Inclusion and Diversity page
Sustainability
Legislation complied with: The UK Climate Change Act 2008
Content: Our sustainability Policy and Carbon Management Plan, which commit the School to promoting awareness of – and engagement in – sustainable development among our student body (of business leaders) staff members and faculty.
Contact for enquiries: School Secretary or Head of Estates
Sustainability Policy
Carbon Management Plan
Meet LBS terms of use
It is important that 'Admits' to our Degree Programmes can communicate with each other, student representatives and staff before the start of each programme to experience what it feels like to be part of the LBS community.
Meet and Greet Terms and Conditions (1 MB)
Open Access Policy
Legislation complied with: open access policies set by all major funders including HEFCE, following recommendations set out in the Finch report (2012).
Content: Our policy for complying with the new open access requirements and ensuring publicly-funded research undertaken at the School is openly accessible.
Contact for enquiries: openaccess@london.edu
LBS Open Access policy document (PDF, 232KB)
Open Access and REF guide
Research Misconduct Policy
Legislation complied with: The Concordat to Support Research Integrity.
Content: Our policy for handling allegations of research misconduct.
Procedures for Handling Allegations of Research Misconduct (PDF, 27KB)
Whistleblowing Policy
Legislation complied with: The Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998.
Content: Our policy for ensuring that members of the School community are able to raise genuine and legitimate concerns about potential malpractice without fear of reprisal.
Whistleblowing Policy (PDF, 203KB)
Student Protection Plan
Legislation complied with: The Office for Students (OfS) was established by the Higher Education and Research Act 2017 to act as the independent regulator of higher education in England. The OfS requires all higher education institutions in England to publish a Student Protection Plan.
Content: Student Protection Plans set out what students can expect to happen should a course, campus or institution close. The purpose of the plan is to ensure that students can continue and complete their studies or can be compensated if this is not possible.
Contact for enquiries: School Secretary
School Protection Plan
The London Business School Pension and Assurance Scheme
Legislation complied with: The Occupational Pension Schemes (Investment and Disclosure) (Amendment) Regulations 2019
Content: The London Business School Pension and Assurance Scheme is a closed defined benefit scheme sponsored by the School. It closed to new members from 1 August 2004 and then closed to future accrual from 31 July 2010. It was set up through a Trust Deed dated 30 May 2002 to provide defined benefits on a final salary basis to eligible employees of the School. Prior to this date the benefits were provided thorough a Legal and General Trust. The Scheme is controlled and administered by a set of trustees. The trustee board comprises one professional trustee, one management trustee and one member nominated trustee.
As part of a series of developments intended to improve transparency around investment and the oversight of scheme investments the trustees are making available the Scheme’s Statement of Investment Principles (SIP) publicly available on this website. The SIP sets out the trustees’’ investment strategy and objectives. The trustees have taken investment advice on this matter and the link to the SIP is attached below.
The London Business School Pension and Assurance Scheme
(PDF, 31KB)
Procurement Terms and Conditions
Legislation complied with: The Office for Students (OfS) was established by the Higher Education and Research Act 2017 to act as the independent regulator of higher education in England. The OfS requires all higher education institutions in England to meet efficiency, economy, effectiveness and prudence in the administration of resources.
Content: Purchase Order terms and conditions for the supply of goods and services.
Contact for enquiries: Procurement
Procurement Terms and Conditions
Service Provider Privacy Notice
The School shall process the Consultant’s personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation.
Content: Consultancy Service Provider Privacy Statement
Contact for enquiries: dpo@london.edu
Consultancy Service Provider Privacy Statement
Website privacy policy
Find out how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your data.
Learn more
Student privacy policy
In line with our values, we use student personal data to manage and enhance your LBS student experience.
Learn more
Alumni privacy policy
Our alumni and friends are important to us. We take seriously how we collect, store and process your personal data.
Learn more
Cookie policy
Find out how cookies enable the our website to function properly
Learn more
This website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good user experience and also allows us to improve our website.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Accept and continue
Close