http://www.adctheatre.com/privacy-security-cookies/
What's On
About us
Administration
Resident companies
History
Corpus Playroom
Vacancies
Alumni
Memberships & Gifts
Support us
ADC Membership
1855 Campaign
Get involved
Acting
Comedy
Costume design
Graphic design
Stewarding
Technical
Directing
Producing
New writing
Set design
Work Experience
Get Involved
Student Applications
ADC Online
ADC Archive
Production
Consumables
Technical information
Equipment hire
Your visit
Finding the ADC Theatre
Finding the Corpus Playroom
Access
ADC Bar
Education
Gift vouchers
Help
Booking Information
Social Distancing Information
Livestreaming
Blog
Contact us
Account
(
Log In
)
Basket
(
)
Site search
Go
Donate
What's On
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy, Security & Cookies
Privacy Notice
The ADC Theatre is a department of the University of Cambridge. For more information about how we handle your personal information, and your rights under data protection legislation, please click here.
This page in particular explains how the ADC Theatre uses personal information.
We collect and process your personal information for a number of purposes. We keep your personal details so that we can deal with any questions about your bookings or to get in touch if there are any changes to an event, such as cancellations.
The other way we use your contact details is to send you information about upcoming events we think might be interesting to you. We want to make sure you know about our vibrant and varied season of shows. This is by emails and our season brochure in the post.
We also keep a record of the different shows our customers have seen which allows us to spot any trends or preferences. For example we can see the demographics of our audiences for different types of shows.
All the information we keep is held securely.
Data Protection legislation requires that we can point to a basis in law which allows us to process your data. In general, we rely on your permission before we send you emails or post. You can update these preferences at any time on your Account on our website. This means if you’ve given us permission in the past, we will keep you updated with information about events.
In order for us to be able to operate effectively, we have a legitimate business interest to get in touch with you about your ticket bookings.
We will only pass your details on to any event organisers if you have given us express permission to do so. For example the organiser of a music concert might ask for the details of those who bought tickets in case they are interested in the next event.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that are issued to your computer or other internet-enabled device when you visit the website. Cookies are stored by your browser and hard drive and are used to distinguish you from other visitors to the site.
For more details about cookies, how to disable them and the cookies we use (including Google Analytics cookies), there is a separate cookie policy.
In common with most web sites, our websites’ servers can automatically log certain information about every request made of them (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept for up to two years.
Google Analytics collects data about how people use our website, for more information see Google’s Privacy Policy. You can opt out of Google Analytics collecting data about how you use ours and other websites.
Logged data
From time to time logging may be enabled on the webserver hosting our websites.  When logging is enabled the following data is automatically collected for each request:
The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client
The username, when known during authenticated (logged in) access to the site
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser
Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes.
In addition, the computers on which the web site is hosted keep records of attempts (authorised and unauthorised) to use them for purposes other than access to the web server. This data typically includes:
The date and time of the attempt,
The service to which access was attempted,
The name or network address of the computer making the connection,
It may also include details of what was done or was attempted to be done.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
In order to process a transaction; your personal information and card details are passed to third party service providers. Card details are only used for the purpose of handling an individual transaction.  There is a separate security policy that contains more details about the collection and handling of card information.
If we have obtained your consent to do so.
When we are required or authorised by law, court order, regulatory or governmental authority to disclose your personal data.
If required to protect the rights, property or safety of the University of Cambridge, its members or others.
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University.
In addition, this site uses Google Analytics to help us analyse site usage and to improve it. To support this, selected information about your interaction with the site is sent to Google for them to analyse on our behalf. For more information about Google Analytics see http://www.google.com/analytics/.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to and from third-party sites. This policy only covers use of cookies on this site. You should consult privacy and cookie policies on third-party sites before you submit any personal data. The University of Cambridge is not responsible for any cookies that may be set by third party websites that are linked to from our web sites.
Security policy
Cookie policy
Coronavirus Update
Card transactions are processed by YESpay International Ltd, and transmitted via Spektrix Ltd, who provide our Box Office system.  Pages where information is captured by Spektrix can be identified by the 'Powered by Spektrix' logo at the bottom right of the screen.
When asked to enter personal details, including your credit card number, the address bar will indicate that you are on a secure webpage, most likely by showing https:// at the beginning of the address.  This indicates that all data is being transmitted securely between your web browser and the Spektrix servers, using encryption to ensure that the data cannot be read or modified by a third party.
We take data security extremely seriously and understand the need to adhere to high levels of checking and auditing around storing and transferring cardholder data. As part of the global Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), we work with our acquiring bank Barclaycard to provide a secure payment network for our customers.
Protecting customers against credit card fraud is a critical issue for the University as Card Payment Merchants and we require that under no circumstances should credit card information be sent by email.
The websites , http://www.corpusplayroom.com and http://www.adcticketing.com are run by the ADC Theatre, University of Cambridge, and from time to time will set cookies on your computer.
Cookies are small files which sit on your computer and record specific interactions between you and our websites, and in some cases, other websites. This information is sometimes shared with the University of Cambridge, and in other cases, third parties. Below is more detail about the cookies we use, what they record and who the information is shared with. You are of course free to disable cookies.
Functionality lost by disabling cookies or not giving consent
If you disable cookies, or don't opt in to receive them from these sections of our site, some functionality will not be available, namely:
The ability to log in to your account.
The ability to access the booking system.
Cookies set by us
Name
Used By
More Information
Protocol
All Pages
Used to describe which website is being viewed (adctheatre, corpusplayroom or adcticketing)
Website
All Pages
Used to describe which website is being viewed (adctheatre, corpusplayroom or adcticketing)
How to disable cookies
Your web browser will have an option you select which will block cookies. Below are links to popular web browsers, and how to block cookies using them.
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Safari
Other web browsers
NHS Test and Trace
For all performances from 18 September 2020 the ADC Theatre is required by law to keep a record of the lead booker’s contact details for at least 21 days following the performance. By booking a ticket the customer agrees that their contact details can be passed on through the NHS Test and Trace programme if required.
Full booking terms and conditions for the ADC Theatre can be found here.
The most up-to-date social distancing and hygiene information for the ADC Theatre can be read here.