http://www.trine.edu/about/policies/privacy.aspx
Skip to ContentSkip to Footer
Read what we are doing to keep campus safe and healthy – trine.edu/trine-strong/
Breadcrumb LinksHomeAboutPoliciesPrivacy PolicyToggle MenuAdditional MenuFast Facts
History and Tradition
President's Office
Signature Events
Accreditation
Conferences and Events
Policies
Human Resources
Title IX
News
About Campus
Commitment to DiversityDiversity Statement
FERPA
Media Policy
Privacy Policy
Section 504
Student Right to KnowPrivacy PolicyAt Trine University, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Collection of personal information that has not been volunteered by you is not a University practice. For information received through our normal online venues we become the sole owners of this data. We do not sell, share, or lease this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.
Automated Information Collection
Trine University gathers general information about an individual’s visit to the online services that does not collect personal information. This information is used to determine the type of visit to the University’s web pages in order to refine and improve our online offerings. This information is used in summary reporting that allows us to determine better ways to serve our visitors and to identify and correct performance and/or problem areas.
Information collected through e-mails and web forms
Information submitted to Trine University through email or from our web forms is used by us to respond to your request. In addition, information sent to us through our on-line forms is usually stored by the University to better provide you with the requested information and to track future correspondence with us. Information that is considered confidential is collected from our secure website that encrypts the information between the user and the University. It should be noted that email is a form of communication that is not entirely within a secure environment. Many of our web forms are completed in a secure environment and are generally more secure than typical email delivery.
Online payment forms
Trine University provides a number of online payment forms via credit cards for tuition and other services offered by the University. Trine University uses a third party vendor to process our credit card transactions. Our online payment sites along with our processing partner reside on secure web servers that encrypt the data between the customer and the University and the processing vendor. By using this service the University does not collect any credit card numbers or store such information. Other information collected on these sites is stored and used by the University to allow us to track the transaction completed and initiate correspondence if so required.
Use of Information
Trine University will not provide, sell or share your personal information to any nonaffiliated third party for independent use. We share information only in one of the following circumstances: a) you authorize it; b) you have requested a transaction requiring it; c) or, we are required or permitted by law to disclose such information. Information may be shared with affiliated organizations when involving services of value to individuals, which would otherwise not be available through the University. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations.
Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. Personally identifiable information is not stored in these cookies. First Party Cookies are set through the university websites directly, including the Google Analytics cookie. Third Party Cookies are set by third parties, also through the university websites. An anonymous identifier is a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms, including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
Use of Third Party Services
The university websites uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, part of a larger category of features known as Google Analytics Advertising Reporting Features. Google Analytics uses cookies (described above) to help the websites analyze how users use the sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the websites (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Advertising
The University uses this information for Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, or Google Analytics Advertising Reporting Features.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the university websites.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited university websites when those visitors go to other websites.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how visitor ad impressions, other uses of ad services and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to university websites.
The university uses data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics to report, optimize and deliver interest-based advertisements.
Opting Out of Advertising Features
Users can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by using Google Ads Settings. For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy. Users can also opt out of third-party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Security
Trine University takes reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose through our on-line forms secure. We only release this information to third parties we believe share our commitment to privacy. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.
Links
University websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Trine University is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you exit our sites and to become familiar with the privacy policies of each web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Obtaining your consent
By using the university websites, you give Trine University permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at Trine University, you authorize the University to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. Trine University may occasionally amend this policy. We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has changed from time to time. For any problems or questions regarding the University’s online privacy policy, please contact:
Information Technology
Trine University1 University AvenueAngola, IN 46703260.665.4275
1/27/2016
©