http://www.azscience.org/about/privacy-policy/
In this section
News Room
Career Opportunities
Donation Requests
Board of Trustees
Leadership
2020 Strategic Vision
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") discloses the privacy practices of the Arizona Science Center (the "Center") with regard to your use of all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by the Center (each, a "Site" or “App”). This Privacy Policy only governs the Center's privacy practices with respect to information collected online or in-app.
Please be sure to carefully read this Privacy Policy before using the Web Site or submitting information to us. By (a) using any part of the Web Site; or (b) submitting information via the Web Site, you consent to the collection, use and distribution of such information by the Company for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Web Site (following the posting of the revised Privacy Policy) is acceptance of such changes, so please check periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Active Information Collection. The Company does not collect personal information about you (like name, e-mail, address, contact information, preferences) unless you submit it to us. For example, we may ask you to provide personal information to sign up for e-mail newsletters, request a reservation or inquire about programming. For teachers, we also collect information about school, grades and subjects taught.
Passive Information Collection. As you utilize the Web Site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. Like most website operators, we track IP addresses during your visit and use session, persistent and flash cookies and may use any other successor tracker technology. Our system also automatically gathers information about your use of the Web Site and collects operational information about the technology you use, such as your browser, type of computer, operating systems, and Internet service providers.
We passively collect and use information to generate statistics and measure Web Site activity in order to understand what areas of the Web Site are most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies our visitors are using. This information helps us to update and improve the Web Site and enhance the usefulness of customer visits. We also collect and use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.
We reserve the right to use electronic images known as web beacons, also referred to as single-pixel gifs, and any other successor technology, that permit us to count users who have visited certain Web Site pages and for other related statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain Web Site content and verifying system and server integrity).
ADDITIONAL USES OF INFORMATION
Sharing Information With Third Parties. We may use third-party service providers and suppliers to facilitate our Content or other services we provide, and they may have access to Personal Information. The Center may partner with other third parties to provide specific services ("Third Parties"). When you request such services, the Center will share Personal Information with the Third Parties for them to provide the services. Such Third Parties shall be required to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the Personal Information.
Cookies. We may send cookies, which are small pieces of data, to your web browser to facilitate your use of the Site or App. If accessing via a browser, you can choose whether to accept cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you may still be able to use the Site, but your use may be limited to certain minimal functionality.
Disclosure to Law Enforcement. The Center cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties, to enforce laws and third party rights, such as intellectual property rights and laws relating to fraud. Therefore, in response to a request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, or other activity that may expose us or you to legal liability, the Center can (and you authorize the Center to) disclose your Personal Information and other information about you as the Center, in its sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate. Your Personal Information may also be used by the Center when it is reasonably necessary to: (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (ii) enforce applicable sections of any agreement between you and the Center, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or, (iv) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Center, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Transfer of Ownership of Collected Information. The Center is the sole owner of the information collected on or through the Site or App. Information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale or acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving the Center. We will not sell, share, transfer, rent or otherwise provide any Personal Information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. The Center reserves the rights to collect, disseminate, sell or otherwise disclose Non-Personal Information provided by you.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Confidentiality and Security. The Center takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information both online and off-line, but absolute security cannot be guaranteed. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. The Center shall not be liable for the transfer of any Personal Information resulting from loss or distribution of data, the corruption of storage media, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, acts of vandalism, sabotage, terrorism or any other event beyond the Center's control.
Links. The Site may contain links to other sites that are not necessarily under the control of the Center. The Center is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and encourages you to be aware when you leave a Center-sponsored Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
CHANGES TO YOUR INFORMATION AND TO THE SITE AND ITS PRIVACY POLICIES
Correction/Updating Personal Information. If your Personal Information changes (such as address or payment information), or if you no longer desire to use the Site or App, you can update your information on the registration pages of the Site or App. The Center will endeavor to correct, update or remove your Personal Information provided to the Center.
Notification of Changes. If Center decides to change the Privacy Policy for its Sites or Apps, the Center will post those changes on azscience.org You agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and any modifications to this Privacy Policy occurring prior to your continued use of the Site or App. You should visit this Privacy Policy from time to time to review the current terms of this Privacy Policy because they shall be equally binding on you. Certain provisions of this Privacy Policy may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at the Site.
Site and Service Updates. As necessary, the Center may send you Site or App announcements and updates. The Center communicates via e-mail with you to provide requested services and to resolve issues relating to your account.
What the Company Does About Children Under the Age of 13 Using the Web Site
Children Generally
On our Web Site, we offer many features, such as the ability to view information about our exhibits and programs, which do not require a child to provide any personal information. We will not condition a child’s participation in any online activity on the child’s disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in that activity.
Children Under the Age of 13
During the registration process, we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail if they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases.
CENTER'S CONTACT ADDRESS FOR PRIVACY QUESTIONS
Should you have questions about this policy or Center's information collection, use and disclosure practices, you may contact us as follows:
Arizona Science Center600 E. Washington St.Phoenix, AZ 85004602.716.2000
We will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly to requests, questions or concerns you may have regarding our use of Personal Information about you. Except where required by law, the Center cannot ensure a response to questions or comments regarding topics unrelated to this policy or the Center's online privacy practices.
This policy was last updated November 1, 2018.
Hello, {{user.Account.fname}}!
Sign In
|
Register
{{cart.totalCount()}}
Sign In
|
Register
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Buy Tickets
Prices
Offers & Promotions
Map
Parking & Hours & Directions
Accessibility
Attractions
Dorrance Planetarium
Irene P. Flinn Theater
Permanent Exhibits
Victoria the T. rex Exhibition
Events & Programs
Online Learning
Calendar of Events
Tours & Demonstrations
CAMP INNOVATION
Arizona Science & Engineering Fair
Girls in STEM
Boeing Arizona STEM Signing Day
Teen Advisory Board
Galaxy Gala
Snow Week 2020
Educators
CONNECT
Online Learning
Field Trips
Outreach
Guides & Curriculum
Code.org Regional Partner
Professional Development
Science Teacher Residency (STaR) Program
Rural Communities Expansion Project
Free Educator Membership
Case Studies
Spark Virtual Conference
Join & Give
2020 Strategic Vision
Become a Member
Upgrade & Renew Your Membership
Donate
Gift of Science
Az Science Center License Plate
Buy Tickets
We use cookies to provide and improve our services. By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more