http://www.eicc.edu/about-eicc/terms-of-mobile-service.aspx
COVID-19 and Campus Information
About EICC
Future Students
Our Programs
Alumni & Giving
Businesses
Continuing Education
EICConnect
About EICC
History
General Information
Accreditation & Mission
Assessment
Colleges/Centers
Chancellor
Board of Trustees
Emeritus Award
Careers at EICC
Campus Security Report
Annual Notice of Non-Discrimination
FERPA
EICC Mobile Terms of Service
Strategic Plan/High Aspirations
Public Notices
Future Students
Applying
Our Programs
Transfer Information
Online Classes
Financial Aid/Tuition
Class Schedules
Catalog
Student Resources and Assistance
Student Services
Career Services
Student Life/Athletics
Events
Veterans & Military
High School Students
Guest Student
Academic Calendar
Our Programs
Program List
Degree Plan for Working Adults
Evening Associate's Degree
Apprenticeships
Value of an AA Degree
Honors Program
EICC Cyber Center
International Programs
Transfer Information
Online Classes
Alumni & Giving
EICCD Foundation
Paul B. Sharar (CCC) Foundation
MCC Foundation
SCC Foundation
CCC Alumni Association
MCC Alumni Association
SCC Alumni
Student & Alumni Resources
Career Services
Businesses
Customized Programs
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
Economic Development Programs
Iowa Waste Exchange
Environmental, Health and Safety Training
Muscatine Learning Consortium
Small Business Development Center
Business Information for Growth
Sector Boards
Continuing Education
CE Class Schedule
Register
Online Professional and Continuing Education
Adult Education/HSE (formerly GED)
English Language Acquisition (ELA)
Credit for Prior Learning (CPL)
Literacy
Summer Camps
EICC Testing Centers
EICConnect
Chat with Us
Eastern Iowa Community Colleges >> About Eastern Iowa Community Colleges >> EICC Mobile Terms of Service
About EICC
History
General Information
Accreditation & Mission
Assessment
Colleges and Centers
Chancellor
Board of Trustees
Emeritus Award
Careers at EICC
Student Handbook
Campus Security
Annual Notice of Non-Discrimination
FERPA
EICC Mobile Terms of Service
Strategic Plan/High Aspirations
Statement of Professional Standards
Public Notices
Perkins Performance Report
Our Programs
Colleges/Centers
Online Studies
EICC Mobile Terms of Service
These terms apply regarding mobile alerts you choose to receive from EICC and its
colleges. The Terms of Service and Privacy Policy also apply. Participating mobile
operators include but not limited to: Alltel, AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, Verizon
Wireless, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, NTelos, Cricket, Nextel & Virgin Mobile.
Mobile user opt-in
Text EICC to 49517 to receive updates on college events and marketing activities.
Five messages per week. All college messages will come from short code 49517.Each time you text a keyword to EICC Mobile, you will receive a confirmation message
acknowledging receipt of your request to sign up for the specified service.
Mobile user opt-out and mobile help
You may discontinue service at any time, by replying STOP to any message you receive
or by texting STOP EICC Mobile to short code 49517 from your mobile device. You will
not receive any additional messages. To get help, reply HELP EICC Mobile to any message
you receive or text HELP  EICC Mobile to short code 49517. Message and data rates
may apply. For help please contact us at 1-888-336-3907 or eiccinfo@eicc.edu.
Mobile user fees
EICC Mobile does not charge a fee for this service.Message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. Mobile carrier fees will
appear on your mobile bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance. Not all mobile
carrier networks and geographic territories are supported.
Mobile user privacy
We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose.
Mobile warranty
Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service
provider/network operator. EICC will not be responsible for, or have any liability
related to any delay or failure of delivery of any SMS messages for any reason. See
our website Terms of Use for more information.
Questions? Call toll-free 1-888-336-3907, email eiccinfo@eicc.edu or contact the college
nearest you and ask to speak to an advisor.
Clinton Community College, 563-244-7000
Muscatine Community College, 563-288-6000
Scott Community College, 563-441-4000
It is the policy of Eastern Iowa Community College District not to discriminate in
its programs, activities, or employment on the basis of race, color, national origin,
sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, creed, religion, and actual
or potential family, parental or marital status, as required by the Iowa Code §§216.6
and 216.9, Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. §§ 2000d and
2000e), the Equal Pay Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. § 206, et seq.), Title IX (Educational
Amendments, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681-1688), Section 504 (Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C.
§ 794), and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. § 12101, et
seq.). If you have questions or complaints related to compliance with this policy,
please contact Debora J. Sullivan, Equal Employment Opportunity Officer/Equity Coordinator,
Eastern Iowa Community College District, 101 West Third Street, Davenport, Iowa 52801,
563-336-3487, djsullivan@eicc.edu or the Director of the Office for Civil Rights,
U.S. Department of Education, Citigroup Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1475,
Chicago, Illinois 60661-7204, phone number 312-730-1560, fax 312-730-1576, OCR.Chicago@ed.gov.
©