http://www.speedypages.com/privacy.asp
Speedy Yellow
Pages Privacy Policy
Speedy Yellow Pages'
Commitment to Online Security
Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to
safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. Billing
information is encrypted whenever transmitted or received online.
Personal information is accessible only by staff or volunteers
designated to handle online complaints or requests. All Speedy Yellow Pages
agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on
the Speedy Yellow Pages web sites are also bound to adhere to this
policy.
Personal Information that Speedy Yellow Pages
May Collect Online
The Speedy Yellow Pages collects the following types of personal
information: names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone and facsimile
numbers, billing information, and complaint information. The Speedy Yellow Pages
also collects information from businesses, some of which could
constitute personal information, as well as personal information from
individuals acting solely in their business capacity.
The Speedy Yellow Pages does not collect or
maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of
13, and no part of our sites are structured to attract anyone under
the age of 13.
How Speedy Yellow Pages Uses Personal
Information Collected Online
Unless you consent, we will not use your personal information for any
purpose other than that for which it is submitted. We use personal
information to reply to inquiries, handle complaints, provide
operational notices and in program record-keeping. We also process
billing and business requests related to program participation. At
certain points where personal information is collected on our site,
there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a
list to receive information about other Speedy Yellow Pages programs
and services. This election box only appears in places where the
department collecting personal information maintains such lists. At
any time you can add or remove your name from a Speedy Yellow Pages
list by contacting us at webmaster@speedypages.com.
We never sell or rent your personal information.
The Speedy Yellow Pages may also release
personal information to appropriate governmental authorities under the
following circumstances:
Where release is required by law (for
example, a subpoena) or regulation, or is requested by a
government agency conducting investigations or proceedings;
Where our records indicate a company may be
engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a
governmental agency should be made aware of;
Where warranted by a company's failure to
participate in the advertising self-regulatory process or respond
to an online privacy complaint, or where a company fails to honor
the recommendations of the National Advertising Division,
Children's Advertising Review Unit, National Advertising Review
Board; or
Where your communication suggests possible
harm to others.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information
Accurate
If your personal information changes or you would like to review the
personal information we may have on file, please e-mail us with the
new information or your review request at webmaster@speedypages.com.
Let us also know the department or Speedy Yellow Pages program that
led to your submission of personal information so we may efficiently
locate your information.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our web sites are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal
information not entered by visitors. Our site logs do generate certain
kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits
and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal
purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the
public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics
contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such
information.
Our web sites also recognize the online site
where a visitor "clicked-to-check" on the Speedy Yellow
Pages hotlink or banner, but we cannot identify the visitor or the
visitor's address. Site information is used to confirm participation
in our various advertising programs, and may be used to advise
participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from
their sites. No personal information is collected.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent
to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard
drive. Speedy Yellow Pages uses non-identifying cookies to provide
easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the Speedy Yellow Pages
sites if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not
generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine
and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify
you.
Problems or Complaints with Speedy Yellow Pages
Privacy Policy
If you have a complaint about Speedy Yellow Pages compliance with this
privacy policy, you may contact us at webmaster@speedypages.com.
.
Home
More Search Options
Advertising options
Tips And Tricks
About Us
Contact Us
Add Your Business
Useful Links
Copyright © 1996-2020 Speedy Yellow Pages, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Speedy Yellow Pages Privacy Policy