http://www.newberry.edu/legal
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer Links
Newberry College Facebook
Newberry College Instagram
Newberry College LinkedIn
Newberry College Twitter
Newberry College YouTube
About
Our Advantage
Our Heritage
Our Leadership
Publications
Academics
Areas Of Study
Online Programs
Academic Experience
Registrar
Resources
Admission
Getting Started
Transfer
Tuition & Aid
Enrolling
Contact Admission
Campus Life
Residence Life
Get Involved
Things To Do
Student Services
Wolf Pack Welcome
Family Weekend
Alumni
Join The Pack
Homecoming
Stay Connected
Giving
Careers
Athletics
Wolf Den
Keywords
Submit Search
Please do not fill-in this field
Request Information
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Give Now
Newberry College Facebook
Newberry College Instagram
Newberry College LinkedIn
Newberry College Twitter
Newberry College YouTube
BACK
Legal
Our Website
Newberry College owns and operates this Internet site for the purpose of educating, informing, and communicating with its customers. The images and text placed by Newberry College are copyrighted. You may download the content only for your personal, non-commercial use. The content may not be otherwise copied and may not be modified.
Newberry College will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information. Newberry College makes no warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied. Newberry College shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of your reliance on the information on this site.
Clicking on certain links within www.newberrycollege.edu will take you into other websites for which Newberry College assumes no responsibility.
Assurance of Compliance
Newberry College has filed with the Federal Government an Assurance of Compliance with all requirements imposed by or pursuant to Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Regulation issued there under, to the end that no man or woman in the United States shall, on the ground of race, color or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination under any program or activity of an institution receiving Federal financial assistance. Under this Assurance, this institution is committed not to discriminate against any person on the ground of sex, race, color or national origin in its admission policies and practices or any other policies and practices of the institution relating to the treatment of students and other individuals, including the provision of services, financial aid and other benefits, and including the use of any building, structure, room, space, materials, equipment, facility, or other property.
Newberry College is also in compliance with Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1972 and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. Newberry College is authorized under Federal law to enroll non-immigrant alien students.
Fifty percent of students entering in the fall of 1990 had graduated by August 1996.
Campus Security
The Student Right-To-Know and Campus Security Act of 1990 (P.L. 101-542) and the Higher Education Technical Amendment of 1991 (P.L. 102-26) require that all information be available to students/prospective students and employees/prospective employees upon request. Title I of this act is known as the Student Right-To-Know Act and Title II is known as the Crime Awareness and Campus Security Act.
Statistics on campus crime are compiled annually by the Newberry College Office of Student Development and are available to current and prospective students and employees.
Confidentiality of Records
Newberry College practices strict confidentiality with all student records and files. Records are maintained for the benefit of students and the institution; but the records are held in the strictest of trust by the College. This policy guarantees privacy of student records in keeping with the best traditions of higher education and in compliance with the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974.
The federal government has mandated that institutions of higher education disclose certain information to prospective students and their families. Our Higher Education Act Compliance page provides links to the various pages of the Newberry College Web site where this information is provided.
Privacy
Newberry College respects the privacy of its Internet visitors.
Personal information that can identify you, an Internet visitor, is collected only when voluntarily offered by you. Newberry College shall not purposely distribute your personal information except as necessary to respond to the inquiry which prompted the submission of the personal information.
Non-personal information is collected from all Internet visitors to enable Newberry College to track the total number of visitors to our site and identify the type of Internet browser and operating system used by the visitor. This information enables us to continuously improve our site and our service to you.
Any changes in this privacy policy will be promptly disclosed in these pages.
Request Information
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Give Now