http://www.learningbygrace.org/terms.php
Learning By Grace
HOME
WHO WE ARE
Our Statement of Faith
Our Homeschool Mission & Vision
Our Educational Philosophy
Our Christian Team Members
Our Christian Convictions
Home School Testimonials
SERVICES
Online Home Schooling System
Home Schooling Program Tour
Home Schooling Course Sample
Pre-K-12 CURRICULUM
Preschool Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Elementary Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Middle School Christian Homeschool Curriculum
High School Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Christian Summer School Program
ONLINE ACADEMIES
The Grace Academy
The Jubilee Academy
The MorningStar Academy
The Southern Baptist Academy
Compare Online Academies
Virtual Academy Tour
Course Demos
HOW IT WORKS
What You Get
Social Center - Home School Socialization
Daily Home School Lesson Plans
FAQ
Online Education News
Homeschool Blogs
The Bible
Free Software
Calculators & Converters
Informational Microsites
Free Image Library
Your Homeschool ID Card
Free K-12 Placement Test
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the Learning By Grace web site. The Learning By Grace website is owned and operated by Learning By Grace. In return for access to the information we are providing, we require that you abide by these Terms of Use in your use of this web site. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use this web site. Your use of this web site is your automatic agreement to these Terms of Use.
BACKGROUND
This web site is designed to provide students, parents and guardians with access to a varied collection of digital media. If you are not a registered student or the parent or guardian of a registered student, a tutor, teacher or administrator, you are not authorized to use this web site. We recommend that you review these Terms of Use. If at any time you are not in compliance with these Terms of Use, we have the right to terminate your rights of use and access to this web site. We also have the right to terminate your use at our discretion, for any reason or no reason.
UPDATES TO TERMS OF USE
We may amend these Terms of Use at any time by posting the amended Terms of Use on this web site. Your use of this web site after the posting of the amended Terms of Use constitutes automatic acceptance of the amended Terms of Use. You may only amend these Terms of Use by a writing signed by both of us. Any information contained on this web site does not represent a commitment on our part in the future. We make no commitment to update the information contained on this web site.
LIMITATIONS ON USE
Your use of the ebooks, etexts, and associated graphics obtained through this web site is subject to the following limitations:
The ebooks, etexts, and associated graphics obtained through this web site may not be used for any commercial purpose.
The Public Domain ebooks, etexts, and associated graphics obtained through this web site may be copied in print or electronic form without our permission as long as The Jubilee Academy is credited.
Users are not permitted to download the ebooks, etexts, or associated graphics or any other content, excepting public domain texts, in order to mount them on their own servers for public use or for use by a set of users or subscribers.
SYSTEM INTEGRITY
You may not use any device, software or routine, including but not limited to any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs or cancelbots, intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of this web site or to surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information from this web site. You may not take any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, including but not limited to denial of service attacks, "spam" or any other such unsolicited overload technique.
POSSIBLE DEFECTS
It is possible the ebooks, etexts, and associated graphics available on this web site and any medium they may be on may contain defects such as incomplete, inaccurate, or corrupt data, transcription errors, copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment. You use this web site at your own risk.
We do not endorse any information posted or content contained on this web site and we are not liable for any information posted on this web site, including but not limited to any information posted about you. We reserve the right to take any action with respect to information posted on this web site which we believe is appropriate in our sole discretion with respect to information posted on this web site, including but not limited to termination of your rights of use.
LINKS
This web site may contain links to third-party web sites not under our control or operation. When we provide links, we do so only as a convenience and do not endorse and are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. We may, in our sole discretion, permit links to this web site, as long as they do not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation. We do require, however, that you get our prior written consent before creating any type of hyperlink to this web site. You may frame this web site only with our prior written consent.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
This web site may contain news and information published by various third party providers or links to third party web sites. The Terms and Conditions of the respective third parties are posted on their respective web sites (and may be updated from time to time). We recommend that you review those Terms and Conditions.
TUITION- Terms and Refunds
The Jubilee Academy has both public and private sections of this website. Private sections are those that require a username and passcode combination to access. Primarily for instruction, these sections are available on a tuition basis to individuals throughout the world. Tuition and fees are due and payable before students are shipped curriculum materials and before course access. If enrolled when no payment installment plan is available the student may withdraw from The Jubilee Academy anytime during the first 30 days of enrollment and receive a 66% refund of tuition fees paid; from day 31 onward refunds are not available. At certain times of the year, The Jubilee Academy offers a payment plan to make it easier for parents and guardians to budget. Upon enrollment the student's parent or guardian is agreeing to pay the total tuition for the then-current school year with one exception; during the first 1 month of enrollment the parent or guardian may withdraw the student and only be financially responsible for the first tuition payment as long as the curriculum materials are returned within 30 days from withdrawal. (A $200.00 curriculum charge will be assessed if the curriculum materials are not returned.) After the first month, parents are responsible for the tuition for the entire school year (whether in single payment or installments). Any curriculum charges are waived upon payment in full of the yearly tuition. Enrollment fees (if any) are refundable up to the point that an enrollment/application has been reviewed and accepted. After this process is completed the enrollment/application fee (if any) is not refundable UNLESS the enrollment/application has been declined. Declined applicants may receive a refund of the enrollment/application fee. Shipping & handling fees cover all normal shipping and handling to destinations in the U.S. for curriculum materials normally included and can not be refunded after the first postal mail or other delivery has been sent. Parents may keep all curriculum excepting videos and video CDs which must be returned after use.
FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Tuition and fees are due upon before or upon enrollment in The Jubilee Academy. At times The Jubilee Academy offers a payment plan to make it easier for parents or guardians to budget yearly tuition costs. This plan is offered interest free as long as invoice payments are not late. For accounts that are not current, a finance charge of 1.5% (subject to State and National regulations) is added on a monthly basis and will accumulate until the account is paid. Payments may be made through our secure online payment system by logging into the "parent" account clicking on the "Make Payment" button. Accounts automatically charge credit card accounts when future payments are due unless the credit card owner emails customer service at least 5 business days before the payment due date and requests that the credit card not be automatically charged. In this case parents are responsible for entering a payment via the online system and/or mailing a check or money order for the amount due. Returned checks are subject to a $30.00 (or then current) Return Check Fee. Declined Credit Card transactions are subject to a our Declined Credit Card Fee. Accounts that are placed in collection because of non-payment are subject to additional fees as permitted by law. The account holder is responsible for all collection costs (legal and para-legal) associated with collection activities for accounts that are cancelled for non-payment. Accounts cancelled for non-payment are subject to a $200.00 per student curriculum fee that may be credited upon return of all curriculum materials in good useable condition within 30 days of cancellation. Accounts cancelled or suspended for non-payment are subject to reporting to credit agencies and collection services.
IN-SCHOOL SUSPENSION, EXPULSION AND DISENROLLMENT
In-School Suspension is a temporary discontinuance of access to The Jubilee Academy private sections. Students remain enrolled during an in-school suspension and all financial
responsibilities remain in effect during an in-school suspension. If a student is expelled, the financial responsibility to the tuition ceases upon expulsion. A parent or guardian may disenroll a
student by
informing The Jubilee Academy via fax, mail or email. If a parent or guardian disenrolls a student during the first two months of enrollment then they are responsible only for their first tuition payment. If they disenroll after the end of the second month, they are responsible for the tuition for the entire school year.
PRIVACY
We recommend that you review our Privacy Policy that is posted on this web site, which is part of these Terms of Use and which we may amend from time to time. If at any time you are not in compliance with the policy, we have the right to terminate your rights of use and access to this web site. Unfortunately, we cannot insure that all personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in the Privacy Policy. We may be required by law to disclose information to government authorities, law enforcement or to third parties upon subpoena. and you authorize us to disclose information as we believe, in our sole discretion, is necessary or appropriate.
RELIGIOUS CONTENT AND WORLD-VIEW
The Jubilee Academy website is centered around traditional, conservative Christianity which is not only limited to subjects such as Bible or Devotions but is extended to be integrated in all traditional subjects. Christian concepts are integrated into all subject areas in all grade levels. The type of Christian content is generally described in our Statement Of Faith. All students, regardless of religious background are expected to learn and master all teachings at Jubilee that include our Christian foundation.
Understanding that this is a Christian learning environment you agree not to express, attempt to persuade or proselytize other parents or students to a differing view even if you disagree with these positions. This policy is in place because parents expect that the Christian teaching received at Jubilee is consistent with our Statement of Faith. This policy does not preclude discussions of comparative religions limited to classrooms where such discussion is part of the determined and approved lesson structure. This policy does not apply to situations such as personal, non-public, one-to-one discussions with teachers, tutors and/or administration to discuss and explore matters of a spiritual nature; we encourage such inquiry and encourage our teachers, tutors, staff and administration to participate to the degree that the time involved in such discussions does not interfere with their ability to well tend to the primary needs of their students.
SUBMISSION OF MATERIALS
All comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information that you transmit to us through this web site become and will remain our property and may be used by us anywhere, anytime and for any reason whatsoever. Any materials or information submitted to us will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we will not have any obligation to use or evaluate any information we receive from you. In addition, we will not be under any obligation to respond in any way or reveal to you any information about The Jubilee Academy or any of its affiliates. We will not have to pay you or anyone else for using any ideas or other materials that you may transmit to us in connection with the use of this web site. You should rely solely on your rights under the patent, trademark, and copyright laws. The receipt or consideration of your information by us shall in no way impair our right to contest the validity of your patent, trademark, or copyright.
Of course, you are not to transmit to this web site any material which is unlawful, threatening, violent, abusive, harassing, degrading, defamatory, libelous, deceptive; fraudulent, or which may give rise to civil or criminal liability, infringe a third party's intellectual property rights, or otherwise violate any law or regulation. Even though we may monitor and review transmissions, we assume no responsibility or liability which may arise from the content thereof, including - but not limited to - claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, profanity or misrepresentation.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This web site (excluding linked sites) is operated by us from our offices and it can be accessed from all 50 states in the United States, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ, by accessing this web site, you agree that these Terms of Use and your use of this web site shall be governed in all respects by the internal substantive laws of the geographic location of the physical headquarters of The Jubilee Academy without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You further submit to jurisdiction and venue in the federal and state courts located where the physical headquarters are located and further agree that any cause of action you may bring arising under your use of this web site shall be brought by you exclusively in a federal or state court. We make no representation that materials on this web site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
NO WARRANTY
We provide the ebooks, etexts, graphics, and other information on this web site free of charge, subject to these Terms of Use. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness, or any other aspect of the information on this web site and assume no liability in connection with any use of this information. THIS WEB SITE, THE EBOOKS, ETEXTS, GRAPHICS, AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AND OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," "WHERE IS," AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE ALSO DO NOT GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THIS WEB SITE OR OUR SERVICES, AND OPERATION OF THIS WEB SITE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY NUMEROUS FACTORS OUTSIDE OF OUR CONTROL. YOU USE THIS WEB SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, costs, liabilities, losses and damages of any kind (including attorneys' fees) resulting from your use of this web site, your breach of any provision of these Terms of Use and/or any intentional wrongdoing by you. Any such indemnification shall be conditioned on our: (a) notifying you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost, liability, loss or threat of any thereof; (b) cooperating with you in the defense or settlement thereof; and (c) allowing you to control such defense or settlement. We shall be entitled to participate in such defense at our own cost and expense. We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing, if we become aware of it, to the applicable government agencies or otherwise.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more users of this web site, you release us (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual, consequential and punitive) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with this web site or such disputes. You waive the provisions of any law or regulation limiting or prohibiting a general release.
NEITHER The Jubilee Academy, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS WEB SITE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY THAT ACCOMPANY OR RESULT FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE THIS WEB SITE, OR FROM DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIS SITE. NOR WILL ANY SUCH PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND WHICH MAY ARISE, DIRECTLY, OR INDIRECTLY FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANYTHING CAUSED BY: A) INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE INFORMATION; B) COMPUTER VIRUSES; C) SOFTWARE BUGS; D) HUMAN ACTION OR INACTION; E) ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM, PHONE LINE, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR PROGRAM MALFUNCTIONS; OR F) ANY OTHER ERRORS, FAILURE OR DELAYS IN COMPUTER TRANSMISSION OR NETWORK CONNECTION.
The limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use inure to the benefit of The Jubilee Academy, our affiliates and to all of our respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents.
OTHER GENERAL PROVISIONS
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and the remaining provisions enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only.
To protect the privacy of our parents and students photographs and images depicting parents, students, staff and/or other individuals on this website are usually created by professional photographers and are not current, or past participants of one or more of our oneline academy programs.
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms of Use, and all writings and web pages incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use, set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Copyright © 1999-2020 Learning By Grace and other copyright holders. All Rights Reserved. Private access to Learning By Grace online learning environment is subject to the terms and conditions in our Privacy Policy, Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Policy and rules and conditions detailed in our online home school website at www.learningbygrace.org. Terms and conditions may change without notice and should be checked regularly for updates.
Contact Us | E-mail Us | Copyright Notices | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Mimi Rothschild | Home School Brochure | Network Status
Tell a Friend:
Your Name:
Your Email:
Your Friend's Name:
Your Friend's Email:
Your Message:
(Email addresses submitted here are ONLY used to send your "Tell A Friend" message.)