http://www.dontquoteme.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyMike2015-01-13T22:00:49+00:00
Wiggles 3D Incorporated (“Wiggles 3D”) will not knowingly disclose, distribute, sell or loan your personal information to any other party without your express consent except in ways outlined in this policy, or when required to do so by law.
We may use the information you provide about yourself in any of the following ways:
to fulfill your request for products or services;
to respond to comments or inquiries;
to offer you products, services or programs that may be of interest to you;
to ensure our services are provided in areas which best serve our users;
to contact you about your account with us or if you are a contest winner;
to request your feedback in ways which will improve your Wiggles 3D experience; and
for internal research and marketing purposes.
The information of a non-personal nature that we collect may be used in the following ways:
– to enhance our site design, content, capacity or product offerings;
– to personalize your experience at our website;
– to track aggregate information, such as audience size and site usage, in order to help target advertising and better serve our audience.
Wiggles 3D apps may use your deviceís Google Advertising Identifier in order to track where the app was downloaded from. The advertising identifier is not used for any other purposes and Wiggles 3D does not share this identifier with any company other than Amazon and Chartboost.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Wiggles 3D is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not knowingly distribute, sell or loan your personal information to any other party in ways other than outlined in this policy without first obtaining your permission. Only when required by law or in connection with a legal process involving Wiggles 3D will this information be shared with a related third party.
We may, from time to time, partner with other reputable parties to provide specific services or products to serve you better. We may provide these parties with information that will help facilitate the work they will do for us. We may also, from time to time, share aggregate audience and user information with these partners in order to enhance programming. Wiggles 3D will take necessary steps to ensure, but cannot guarantee that confidentiality of information shared is maintained and privacy of our users is protected.
User Choices in Maintaining Privacy
Users who no longer wish to be part of the Wiggles 3D community can at any time opt out of our programs by unsubscribing or sending an email to info@wiggles3D.com stating your intentions to be removed from the list.
Other Sites Accessed Through Links
If you access other sites through links at Wiggles 3D please be sure to carefully read the privacy policies of any such sites, particularly those that collect personally identifiable information. Wiggles 3D is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites nor does our policy cover practices of sites other than www.wiggles3D.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Wiggles 3D reserves the right to amend this policy from time to time. Any amendments to this policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
To Contact Us
If you have any further questions or concerns about the Wiggles 3D privacy policies and procedures, or if you wish to update or correct your personal information, please contact us.