http://www.charactered.net/main/privacy.asp
| Home |
Site Preview |
Site Overview |
Character Traits |
| Development Partnership |
Resources |
Contact Us |
Welcome to the Character Education Network
Privacy Policy
Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Issues Regarding Internet Access for Children
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Character Education Network is committed to providing a safe environment to help foster the development of good character traits in grade school children.
We strive to do this in a way that protects the individual identity of any child using the site, and collects only the minimum amount of information required to present the appropriate learning material to you or your child.
You and your children's privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Character Education Network (CharacterEd.Net) website.
The types of information collected at this site are:
Name of the school or other organization attended
Grade level in school
Amount of time spent using the materials
Anonymous stories regarding the effects of good or bad character in their lives
There is no attempt to determine the individual identity of any person using the site.
The only effort is to determine the grade and school in which the child is enrolled.
The stories and experiences that the children are allowed to submit to the site are not posted for public viewing until a member of the child's school staff or a member of our own staff has reviewed it.
We will make all reasonable attempts to remove any information that could reasonably reveal the identity of the person who submitted the material.
How We Use Information
We use the name of the school and the grade level to select content which is age appropriate and contains examples of others activities at the child's particular school.
We do not share this information with outside parties.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Issues Regarding Internet Access for Children
This web site is designed for direct use by children.
As such, children must have access to the Internet in order to use it.
It is the responsibility of the child's school or other organization to provide a secure and responsible environment for the child to use this site.
This includes seeking parental permission for Internet access.
The Character Education Network strongly encourages its subscribing organizations to establish and follow a responsible Internet access policy for its children.
This includes proper guidance and filtering software or hardware to restrict access to inappropriate content.
The Character Education Network does not strive to attract individual persons (adult or children) to the site, except as part of an effort to sell subscriptions to responsible educational organizations.
The content is available only to a subscribing organization such as a public or private school.
As such, it is the responsibility of that organization to provide adequate protection from inappropriate Internet content or access.
The Character Education Network may provide links from its site to other Internet sites in the Resources or Development Partnership sections.
Any links on these pages have been reviewed and are judged to be safe content which is appropriately connected to the issue of character development in children.
All of these organizations linked to are judged by our staff to be of sound character and responsibility.
However, ultimately it is the responsibility of those organizations to provide only safe links out of their sites.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please see our Contact Page.
Also see our Terms of Service.
| Home | Site Overview | Character Traits |
| Resources | Development Partnership | Contact Us |
| Privacy Policy |
Copyright © 2007 Thinking Media