http://www.samford.edu/privacy-policy
Samford University Website Privacy Policy
Skip to Article
Menu
Home
About
Administration
Academic Affairs
Advancement
Business & Financial Affairs
Marketing & Communication
President's Office
Student Affairs & Enrollment
Trustees & Overseers
By the Numbers
Campus & Community
Departments
History & Traditions
Founders
Presidents
Traditions
Life at Samford
Maps & Directions
Mission, Vision & Values
Academics
Undergraduate Programs
General Education
Cultural Perspectives
Communication Arts
Biblical Foundations
Concepts of Fitness & Health
Majors
Minors
Air Force ROTC
Honors Programs
Scholars Programs
Special Programs
Undergraduate Research
Graduate Programs
Continuing Education
Non-Degree Programs
Online Programs
Study Abroad
Academic Centers
Research
Schools
University Library
Admission
Undergraduate
Apply
Visit Campus
Request More Info
International Students
Transfer Students
Tuition & Fees
Scholarships
Financial Aid
Payment Plans
Student Loans
Student Employment
Contact Us
Refer a Student
Orientation
High School Counselors
Graduate
Financial Aid
Payment Plans
Student Employment
Student Loans
Tuition & Fees
Legal Disclosures
Athletics
Events
Giving
Giving Opportunities
Giving Societies
Matching Gifts
News & Media
Media Experts
News Releases
Publications
Videos
Samford Communities
Alumni
Employees
Faculty
Parents
Students
Volunteers
Search
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Samford University ("the university", "we", "our" or "us") and applies solely to the information collected by www.samford.edu (the site).
Please read this policy carefully before using the site. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, do not use the site.
Last Updated: 2020-02-28
Overview
This policy is intended to help you understand the following:
What information we collect, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices you have regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Information Collection
Non-Personal Information Collection
Analytics Cookies
These cookies automatically collect anonymized information that allows us to improve the usefulness and usability of our site by enabling us to troubleshoot problems and understand how visitors found us, the information they value and the tasks that are important to them. These cookies do not personally identify you. However, if you do not want to share anonymous data with us, you may visit our site using your browser's incognito or private browsing mode. We use Google Analytics to collect analytics cookies. Learn more about how Google uses your data.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies create an advertising profile for your browser and device that allows us to serve more relevant advertisements for our products and services on third-party sites. These third-party services may use cookies, web beacons and other similar methods to collect information, provide analytics and target ads. If you do not want to receive personalized ads, you can opt out of ad personalization from participating partners. Alternatively, enable "do not track" and disable third-party cookies or visit our site using your browser's incognito or private browsing mode. We have enabled pixel tracking technologies from advertising platforms like Facebook, Google, Instagram and LinkedIn.
Personalization Cookies
These cookies create a personalization profile for your browser and device that allows us to serve more relevant content to you on this site. If you do not want to take advantage of personalized content, you may visit our site using your browser's incognito or private browsing mode. We partner with BlueConic and Hannon Hill for personalization services.
Personal Information Collection
We provide opportunities for you to voluntarily share personal information such as your name, email address or phone number when they are needed to provide you with the information, products or services you are requesting. You will know when you are sharing personal information with us because you will have to perform an action like submitting a form, sending an email or calling a phone number.
Information Use
Non-Personal Information Use
The university uses non-personally-identifiable information to help us better understand our various audiences, how they found the site, what technologies they are using and how they interacted with the site during their visits. Understanding audience engagement helps us make decisions regarding our services and assists us in improving the visitor experience.
Personal Information Use
The university primarily uses the personal information you provide to fulfill your requests. However, in some cases, we may also contact you via email or present advertisements on third-party sites through the Google Content Network or social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or LinkedIn to inform you of university products and services.
Information Sharing
The university is the sole owner of information collected on our site. While we may share non-personally identifiable information at our discretion, we will not rent or sell your personal information to anyone.
We may share personally identifiable information with partners who are providing services on our behalf. However, our partners are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the express purpose of providing services on our behalf.
We may share personally identifiable information with law enforcement agencies, courts, other government authorities or other third parties where we believe it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of our partners.
Access to and Control over Your Information
You have certain rights regarding the personal information we hold about you, subject to local law. These may include the right to access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our use of, or receive a portable copy in a usable electronic format of your personal information. You also may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy regulator.
Limit the Information You Share
You have several options to limit the information you share with us (and other websites).
Block cookies in your browser.
Browse our site using your browser's private or incognito mode.
Enable do not track in your browser.
Manage your ad preference settings for Google, Facebook and LinkedIn.
Do not submit forms, send emails or make calls through the website.
Limit the Information You Receive
Emails from the university should include an unsubscribe link that will allow you to manage the email you receive. If you receive an email that doesn't allow you to unsubscribe, please forward the email to webservices@samford.edu and add the word UNSUBSCRIBE  to the subject line.
Request removal from our customer relation management system by sending an email to privacy@samford.edu.
Security
Information is collected and transmitted with this site over an encrypted connection. While we take great care to protect your personal information, we acknowledge that no information system can be 100% secure and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
In addition to securing your information during digital transmission, we also protect your information offline by limiting access to employees who need the information to perform a specific job like billing or customer service.
Policy Changes
The university may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to remain informed by checking this page regularly for the latest changes.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about your privacy. If you believe that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately by calling 205-726-2692 or emailing privacy@samford.edu.
Data Protection Officer
John Bandy privacy@samford.edu 205-726-2692
Administration
Academic Affairs
Advancement
Business & Financial Affairs
Marketing & Communication
Office of the President
Student Affairs & Enrollment
Connect with Us
Digital Publications
E-Newsletters
News Feeds
Social Media
YouTube
Employees
Accounting
Benefits
Employment
Faculty Resources
Holidays
Human Resources
Insurance
Manager Resources
Payroll
Purchasing
Retirement
Risk Management
Training
Maps
Accessibility Map
Campus Map
Directions
Emergency Map
Parking Map
Printable Map
Shuttle Map
Quick Links
Bookstore
Bulldog Bucks
Bulldog Mail
Caf Menu
Canvas Login
Coronavirus Information
Diversity & Intercultural Initiatives
Form Central
Library
Portal Login
Registrar
Title IX Reporting
Video Livestream
Services
Career Development
Counseling
Disability Resources
Event Planning
Facilities
Financial Services
Health Services
Post Office
Printing
Public Safety
Technology Services
Transportation
Samford University, 800 Lakeshore Drive, Birmingham, AL 35229      205-726-2011
Privacy Policy | Software Plugins
Microsoft Excel®
You will need Microsoft Excel® or compatible software like Open Office to read XLS, XLT, XLSX or XLTX files.
Microsoft Power Point®
You will need Microsoft Power Point® or compatible software like Open Office to read POT, POTX, PPS, PPSX, PPT or PPTX files.
Microsoft Word®
You will need Microsoft Word® or compatible software like Open Office to read DOC, DOT, DOCX or DOTX files.
Adobe Portable Document Format
You will need Adobe Acrobat Reader® or compatible software like SumatraPDF to read PDF files.
We use cookies to improve our site, personalize content and serve more relevant advertising on other platforms. View our privacy policy.  AcceptPreferences
Privacy Preferences [policy]
Accept Required Cookies
Analytics cookies do not personally identify you and cannot be turned off. They provide vital information for troubleshooting problems and improving the visitor experience. Use your browser's incognito or private browsing mode to avoid participating.
Select Optional Cookies
I accept advertising cookies to see more relevant ads on third-party sites when using this device.
I accept personalization cookies to see more relevant content on this site when using this device.
SaveClose
Google Tag Manager