http://www.elearnuk.co.uk/data-protection-and-privacy
0121 392 8288
Home
Our Latest Courses
The Elearn Advantage
FAQ's
Testimonials
Associations
About Online Study
Elearn Community
Contact Us
Log-in
elearnuk -start learning here and now
FLASH SALE
35% OFF ALL COURSESENDS 9am Today
SALE ENDS:
DOUBLE DISCOUNT
Use Code: ULEARN to save an Extra 10%
Start Learning Today
Online Distance Learning Courses
Online education courses made easy....
Offering over 700 courses to study via online distance learning, elearnuk is one of the leading online education colleges in the
UK. Our courses are available to students worldwide whether you’re looking to build on existing skills, update your expertise in a
particular area, or gain a competitive edge in the job market.
You can also be assured of receiving support from a dedicated online distance learning tutor throughout your studies, meaning
that a specialist in your chosen field is helping you to achieve success in your online learning course.
Stand out with an accredited online distance learning course
We offer a wide range of online learning courses recognised and accredited by professional bodies in the UK and internationally.
On successful completion of your accredited online distance learning course, you will receive a recognised award sure to
increase your career potential.
Choose your Course Category
Education and Teaching
Health, Complementaryand Nursing
Social CareStudies
Leadership and Managementfor Adult Care
Counselling, Psychotherapyand Psychology
Business, Management,Law and Security
BTEC(HND Courses)
Hobbies
Byte Size
A Levels
IGCSEs
See more course categories
What would you like to do?
Pick a subject
Pick a Course
Video Library
Improve Your Career
Gain a recognised qualification....enjoy success!
Ruth's Story
Click here to watch how we helped Ruth realise her dreams!
Benefits of Home Study
Study what you want when you want with Stonebridge Colleges.
Popular courses
Criminology
15 lessons - online study
Foot Health Practitioner (Advanced) – Fast Track
12 lessons - online study
Nail Technician - Professional
12 lessons - online study
Teaching Assistant: Supporting Teaching and Learning in Schools Certificate (RQF) Level 3
11 lessons - online study
Our learners say...
"Each time I need support I always receive it whether it relates to my current on-going courses or not. All the staff are excellent!"
E.S.Co. Antrim
Child Psychology Skills Graduate
"If there were a mark above excellent I would tick it!"
S.H - Bridgerule
Advertising and Promotion Graduate
The range of courses is amazing and the support is evident in the response time, I will certainly consider further courses with this college."
M.C. - Dublin
PR Consultancy Diploma Graduate
"I have learned a great deal and my course will help me in my job as Human Resources Officer."
S.H. - Flintshire
Stress Counselling in the Workplace Graduate
"I have thoroughly enjoyed my course. It has inspired me to look towards a new career."
J.W. - Somerset
Professional Therapeutic Counselling Graduate
"I especially enjoyed this course because it gave me a chance to use some of the knowledge learned from being a full-time carer to my son, unlike my degree course, which only wants a student to recite out of textbooks all the time. Keep up the good work!"
M.L. - Northamptonshire
Caring at Home Graduate
"I found the course extremely in-depth and useful. I found everything about the method and management of the course excellent and will certainly consider taking another in the future."
M.S. - East Yorkshire
Diploma in Marketing Management Graduate
"I have never done anything like this before, and was slightly hesitant and unsure. Having now completed this course and experienced the professionalism, I will have no doubt in signing up for the next course. Thank you for the opportunity. It has been truly wonderful."
A.S. - Datchet
Development Psychology Graduate
"Excellent work. I really enjoy my studies. The support and response is simply the best."
G.M. - Norwich
Health & Safety at Work Graduate
Why learners prefer distance learning with elearnuk
Rich interactive course materials make learning easier
Career support is there should you need it
Online support from personal assessors
Further support from the learning communtiy helps build confidence
The online content is accessible 24/7, you don't have to wait for a particular time
You can fit the studying around your life, you are in control of when, where and how you study
You can unsubscribe at any time, with the online unsubscribe button in your account, there's no quibbling
Take me up
Professional Associations