https://www.bathcollege.ac.uk/help-advice/contact-with-parents-and-carers
College Information
About Us
Join Our Team
Meet Our Team
Term Dates
College Campuses
Construction Skills Centre
How the College is Organised
Governance and Reports
Vision and Strategic Plans
16-18 Performance Tables
Study With Us
Course Finder
A-Z Subjects
All Courses
International
Apprenticeships
Traineeships
Degree Level Courses
Full-time Qualifications
Part-time Qualifications
Part-time Love2learn
Adult Community Learning
Foundation Learning
SEND / Inclusion
Free Courses
Employers
College Life
The College Day
Students’ Union
Student Accommodation
Library and Learning Resource Centre
Student Wellbeing
Getting to College
Volunteering and Activites
Sport
Exams Office
Student Voice
Student Handbook
Student Code of Conduct
Staff and Student Links
What’s On
Events
Open Days
News & Blog
Shop & Services
College Shop
The Academy
The Flower Shop
Room Hire
Help & Advice
Student Advice Centre
Choosing the right course
Where could college take you?
Careers Advice
Qualifications Explained
Parents and Carers
Support for Schools
Funding and Fees
Staying Safe Outside College
Emergency Procedures
Privacy Information
FAQ’s
Anonymous Contact
Contact
Job Vacancies
Potential Subcontractors
Staff and Student Links
Employer Links
A
A
A
Home / Help and Advice / Parents and Carers
Parents and Carers
Help and Advice
Making the decision to move on from school is an important moment in a young person’s development. It also represents a change for many parents and carers from the familiar relationship they have built up with schools throughout their child’s education.
We welcome the chance to work alongside parents and carers to support young people during their time at college and hope these pages explain a little more about the students’ experience.
Parents Guide to Education and Qualifications
There have been a number of changes to education and qualifications which will affect your son/daughter’s post-16 education. Our guide will give you the details of these changes.
Parents Guide to Education and Qualifications
Contact with Parents and Carers
We know that parents or carers of students are interested to know how their son or daughter is getting on at College and that many are also providing a high level of support for students.
For this reason we will contact parents or carers of students, who are under 18 (on the 31st August in the year they start a full-time course), to:
give them a copy of the student’s tutorial progress reviews.
tell them if the student’s attendance has not been satisfactory.
tell them if the student has been involved a serious disciplinary matter.
ask them for information as to the student’s whereabouts if they have been absent from College without contacting us.
invite them to a progress review evening with the student’s tutor.
Monitoring and Reviewing Progress
Each student is accepted onto a course for a 6 week probationary period.
During this period they will undertake a range of assignments and will need to demonstrate a commitment to their course through good attendance, punctuality and effort. Their progress will be monitored by their tutor.
After 6 weeks their tutor will undertake a formal review with the student and, as long as the student is making satisfactory progress, will confirm their place on the course. If a student is not succeeding on a course, we will invite you in to meet with the tutor and Head of Department to discuss alternatives that may be more appropriate.
Each student will meet with their tutor 5 times during the year to set targets and review their progress. You will receive a written progress review at least three times per year.
You will be invited to attend a consultation evening with lecturers and tutors to discuss your son or daughter’s progress.
Listening to Students and Parents
We strongly believe in the value of listening to our students. Each course has a course rep and a Students Union Executive is elected to represent students’ views. Two students are Governors of the College, one attends the Senior Leadership Group meetings monthly, and students sit on the Equality and Diversity and Health and Safety committees. Students are encouraged to provide feedback on their course and the College and are given the chance to meet each term with the principal and senior managers to discuss concerns.
If you have any comments or queries, please do not hesitate to contact your son or daughter’s tutor, or call the Student Advice Centre on 01225 312191.
Bullying and Harassment
At their induction we give students information about what to do if they feel they are being bullied or harassed. We have a Safeguarding Team who can support and advise students. We do not tolerate bullying or harassment and will address incidents quickly.
If you have any concerns relating to bullying and harassment, please contact Theresa Hallett, Student Welfare Manager, on 01225 328 569 or  01761 433161 Ext 569, or email Theresa.hallett@bathcollege.ac.uk
Absence and Punctuality
High levels of attendance and punctuality are essential if a student is to succeed on their course. We monitor absences and punctuality very closely and will use our tutorial support system or conduct procedure to address any problems with these. Our experience tells us that students are unlikely to achieve their potential if their attendance and punctuality are poor.
Financial Support
The College can help students apply for financial support:
Learner Support Fund
Guaranteed bursary
The Learner Support Fund helps students from families with a low income. It can be used to buy resources, books, equipment or sometimes to pay for travel costs. The guaranteed bursary is for students who are in care, care leavers, receiving income support or both ESA and DLA.
Travel costs
All students can buy a subsidised student bus pass from our College Shop. These are sold at 10% cheaper than the bus station. Students aged under 19 at the start of their course should contact their Local Education Authority for assistance with travel costs.
More detailed information is available in the student funding section of this site.
Student Handbook
Our student handbook contains a complete guide to the College’s support services – what they are and how students can get in touch with them. Please use these services as they can help students to make the most of their time at the College.
Student Handbook
Ofsted questionnaire
Fill out this questionnaire to give your views on Bath College as a further education college.
Ofsted Questionnaire
Parent survey
This year the College conducted a parent survey to gather perceptions of parents.
The following is a summary of the results from this survey:
Learning Experience –
98% of respondents were satisfied with the information sent out before enrolment.
98%  of respondents agreed staff are helpful and responded to my queries
95%  of respondents agreed that they were kept informed on progress
Feeling Safe –
98% of respondents agreed the college is a safe place to learn.
Help and Advice
Anonymous Contact
Support for Schools
Choosing the right course / programme of study
Funding and Fees
SEND / Inclusion Service
Contact Us
Careers Advice
Future Bright (B&NES Service)
Fair Processing Notice
Student Advice Centre
Leaving School
Parents and Carers
Qualifications Explained
FAQ’s
Upcoming Events
Virtual Open Day
2nd December 2020 - 4:00 pm - 30th June 2021 - 7:00 pm
View All Events
Latest News
Bath College works with Compassionate Community Hub to feed students this Christmas
Post-pandemic retraining programme launched by Bath College and Bath Spa University
Small Businesses Call for Urgent Action on Skills
Twitter
Bath College @BathCollege
RT @LittyMan: @BathCollege Carpentry students making 8 sided pegs for oak framing @EnglishOak_1 Visit to the workshop to see how oak frames…
Your opinions count Comments, compliments and complaints? Please let us know what you think
HAVE YOUR SAY
Courses you may like
Award in Creative Media Production & Technology
Part Time Qualifications
£300.00
Business HNC (Part Time)
Degree Level
Computing HND
Degree Level
X
CLOSE
Your Wishlist
Continue Browsing
We use cookies to personalise site content, social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of this site with our advertising and social media partners.
Privacy Center
Accept
This site uses cookies More infoNo problem