http://www.coastal.edu/aboutccu/sitepolicy/
In This Section
Site Policy
CCU HomeAbout CCUSite Policy
Apply
Visit
Info
Tour
In This Section
Site Policy
Coastal Carolina University strives to provide useful information to its website visitors: prospective and current students and their families, faculty and staff, and the public.
Coastal Carolina University is committed to protecting the online privacy of personal information gathered from the University website and University-owned domains (collectively, CCU website).
Web Privacy Expectations
Coastal Carolina University does not actively share personal information submitted voluntarily or gathered involuntarily from the CCU website. However, because Coastal Carolina University is a public institution, some information collected through the CCU website may be subject to release through the South Carolina Freedom of Information Act. This may include summary server log information, email messages sent to websites, or directory information collected from web-based forms or available on the CCU website. Coastal Carolina University reserves the right to deny requests for information from those who are not citizens of South Carolina. For more information, visit FOIA at CCU »
CCU Policies and Processes
Important Issues Management
EEO
Title IX
University Compliance
University Policies
The University complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), a federal law designed to protect students' privacy, and to provide them access to their education records.
The University does not release any personal information about an individual except to comply with an applicable law or legal process, or to protect the personal safety of the University community or the general public.
Web Disclaimer
Though the University strives to provide an accurate and current website, it does not guarantee that all content is complete, current and accurate. Many pages of the CCU website are created and updated by various departments, thus, the University does not review, edit, approve or endorse all pages or documents accessible from the website.
The information provided on the CCU website does not constitute a legal contract between the University and any person or entity unless otherwise specified.
There are many pages and links that are not official University webpages. Though personal pages or links to external websites may be accessed via the CCU website, the University is not responsible for any content or claims made in such pages.Coastal Carolina University encourages visitors to inform us of any inaccuracies, problems or questions related to the CCU website at webmaster@coastal.edu or call Information Technology Services at 843-349-5000.
Faculty/Staff assistance contact ITS at 843-349-5000.Student/Alumni assistance contact SCS at 843-349-2220.