https://www.cornishtin.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy, Cookies and Terms.
Privacy Statement
Blue Hills Cornish Tin are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with current law.
We will collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent.
The type of personal data we will collect about you includes:
Your name
Address
Phone number
e-mail address
IP address
When you pay for your order you will directed to Barclaycard Merchant Services web site to enter you credit/debit card details. They will process your payment securely on our behalf.
By entering your personal data, as set out above, you consent to us using this data to fulfil our contract with you to supply the item/items ordered from our web site www.cornishtin.com.
The information we hold about you will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information we hold about you by e-mailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The information we hold will be held securely in accordance with current law.
We will not sell or transfer your information to anyone else.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our web site. This can include using cookies which would be stored on your browser.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email Mark Wills at mark@cornishtin.com
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html
WordPress: Our websites runs the popular WordPress CMS and cookies are used to store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, and whether you have logged into WordPress. We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you if you are a registered user and we deem these as being strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
More information on session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks e.g. LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+, Pinterest etc. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Shopping Cart
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you’ve put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
What rights you have over your data
If you have entered your personal details on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights;
Shopping with cornishtin.com
How to order
You can order products displayed on this website either on-line or by telephone. If you have placed an order on-line you will quickly receive an automated e-mail to confirm that we have received your order.
Payment
You can pay by Visa or Mastercard credit card, or by debit card. At the checkout you will be directed to Barclaycard Merchant Services secure website to enter you card details. We do not handle or see your card payment details for orders placed via our website. For telephone orders your payment details are entered on to Barclaycard Merchant Services website by us manually. We do not store any card payment details.
Delivery
We aim to dispatch most orders within 3 days of receiving them. Orders placed on a Friday afternoon, Saturday or Sunday will be dispatched on Monday (Tuesday during Bank holidays). All orders are sent via Royal Mail standard first class post. If you require quicker delivery (ie. guaranteed next day delivery) please telephone us to make arrangements for this. We will contact you if for any reason delivery will take longer. If in the unlikely event that we cannot fulfil your order we will contact you to offer a full refund or an alternative product.
Returns
We believe that you will be delighted with your product but there may be occasions where you feel it necessary to return an item. We aim to keep the process as simple as possible. You can return your order in its original condition to;
Blue Hills Cornish Tin
Trevellas Coombe
St Agnes
Cornwall
TR5 0YW
within 7 working days of the date on which you receive it. You will be responsible for the item or items until they reach us. For your own protection, we suggest you use a secure delivery method which requires a signature upon delivery. If you return an item to us which is faulty, we will also pay you the cost of the return postage. If this happens please telephone or e-mail us first and we will let you know how you should send the item to us. All refunds will be paid within 30 days of cancellation of order.
Home
Shop
Heritage
The Process
Visitor Centre
Contact
No products in the basket.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?