http://www.homeschool-curriculum-savings.com/home-school-help.html
HomeRecent UpdatesFree NewsletterLink to UsSaving MoneyDiscounts for You!FreebiesGeneral InfoPros & ConsHomeschool 101Legal InformationCurriculum HelpCurriculum InfoReviewsUnit Study HelpABekaACE/PACE/SoTAlpha OmegaSetonMath HelpScience Success!Learning to ReadOnline SchoolingHighschoolDiploma at HomeTranscript TipsCollegeCollege InfoSupport and Tips$ Work at Home $Support for YouField Trip FunContact Me
[?]Subscribe To This Site
Need A Little Home School Help?
Sometimes we need a little home school help! Whether you have questions about my website, or home schooling, I desire to provide the help you need to successfully home school your children, or reach the home school market.
Hi! My name is Heather Gneco. I am a home educator and own a homeschool support company called PEAH - say "pay-ah". PEAH stands for Parents Educating at Home. PEAH's website, homeschoolsavings.com, provides an ever-growing collection of:money and time-saving homeschooling articles, information on home education, homeschool curriculum reviews and my favorite, homeschool savings. We want to help you school your children successfully and affordably; we are always looking for savings for you.I also provide home school help. The fastest way to get help with questions or problems you are having, is to post them to PEAH's facebook page. I've been known to hang out there on occasion. :)You will also find lots of willing home educators who are willing to share their advice and guidance to help you in your homeschooling journey.
When submitting your homeschooling question/s to my site, please use the homeschool questions form. Make sure you include your email address, so you will know when I respond. Your email address remains private and will NOT be visible on our website. Since I am a home educator, I may not be able to get back to you really quick, but know that I value your comments and questions, and will respond to your inquiry.I also value your feedback. To provide the best home school information and support to home schooling families, maybe you would like to submit a comment or provide some feedback on how I can make my website better. I would love to hear from you!For general COMMENTS or FEEDBACK... contact me using the Contact Me form
- way at the bottom of this page. :)I look forward to hearing from you soon! :)To your home school success,Heather :)
Have A Homeschooling Problem or Question?
My highschool calculus teacher always said, "No question is ever too dumb to ask!" As a result I went from a failing math grade to A+, just by asking questions. :)So... Do you have a homeschool question or problem? Ask away!Maybe you are considering homeschooling and wondering if its legal, or are experiencing some homeschooling difficulties. Perhaps you are afraid your kids will miss out, or won't develop properly if you decide to homeschool. Share your questions, problems and/or fears... we'll try to help! :)
Enter Your Title
Tell Us Your Story, Problem or Question!
[ ? ]
Close Help
Entering your story is easy to do. Just type!...Your questions, etc. (minus your email address) will appear on a Web page exactly the way you enter it here. You can wrap a word in square brackets to make it appear bold. For example [my story] would show as my story on the Web page containing your story.TIP: So we can better help, try to be as detailed as possible.
Author Information (optional)
To receive credit as the author, enter your information below.
Your Name
(first or full name)
Your Location
(e.g., City, State, Country)
Submit Your Contribution
Check box to agree to these  submission guidelines.
I am at least 16 years of age.
I understand and accept the privacy policy.
I understand that you will display my submission on your website.
(You can preview and edit on the next page)
What Other Visitors Have Said
Click below to see Submissions from other visitors to this page...
How to Homeschool While Working Full-time  Working mom wants to know how to homeschool while working full-time. Read her questions; share your story to help her, as well as other parents in the …
Homeschooling in Mexico Help  Do you have experience with homeschooling in Mexico? Your advice is needed!
Hello. I homeschooled my 5 year old girls in California last year and was …
Colorado Homeschool Tutor Needed My name is Rob and I have a twelve year old son named David. He is homeschooled by his mom, by me and his grandma.
Its is a real struggle and we are trying …
Homeschool to Public School Question  International homeschooling mom asks a homeschool to public school question...
Hi! I have been home schooling my children for the past few years, …
Start Homeschooling Now, or Wait?  Searching mom wonders if she should start homeschooling now, or wait until next year?...
I have been wanting to homeschool my children forever. My …
Abeka Kindergarden Curriculum Schedule I am wondering if anyone would have a sample calendar for the abeka kindergarden curriculum. This is my first year teaching, and I am overwhelmed and afraid …
What is Required for a 3rd Grade Curriculum?  Calvert homeschooling mom wants to know what is required for a 3rd grade curriculum in Florida; can you help?
We live in Florida and are homeschooling …
Homeschooling and Protective Parents I'm going into the 11th grade this year and I've been homeschooled ever since 6th grade and I hate it. My parents are so protective and don't want me involved …
NY Homeschool Kindergarten Achievement Test   NY homeschool mom has questions and concerns about a Kindergarten achievement test request...
I sent my son's third quarter report and received a …
Unsure of Our Homeschooling Choice I pulled my 3 children out of school around mid year. At first it went great with the homeschooling and now they are fighting me. Not all 3 kids are fighting …
Spanish Homeschooling Curriculum for Bilingual Children I'm looking for Spanish homeschooling curriculum to use with my 4 year old who is bilingual. I want to teach her Spanish grammar and phonics as well as …
Dropping Out and Homeschooling: Is it Legal?  Concerned dad questions whether dropping out and homeschooling in Illinois is legal...
Hello I live in Illinois and I am father of a 16 year old teenager. …
Single Working Mom Needs Help Homeschooling an Active Child I brought my 7 year old son home from school at the end of October after I was having to spend more time at the school and talking to the teacher than …
Homeschooling Our Kids in Michigan This year our middle son is in forth grade and has been having a lot of problems with focusing on work at school. My wife and I have been talking about …
Prince of Peace Homeschool Complaint My daughter homeschooled under Prince of Peace in Anniston. She finished in 2010 and they will not send her diploma or respond to my emails. I have made …
Looking for Emmanuel Center in Holt, Michigan We used to go to Emmanuel Center in Holt, Michigan when our daughter was in school (graduated in 2003), we recently received guardianship of our niece …
Homeschooling in Michigan Questions We are new to MI, moved here at the end of Aug. We have a 13 year old daughter in 8th grade who is struggling with the new school.
She went from a very …
K12 Online Glitches and ACE Homeschool High School Questions  Home educator shares K12 online glitches and asks some ACE homeschool high school questions...
My sophomore had a very tough freshman year and this …
Homeschool Latin Curriculum Options Any help you can provide would be GREATLY appreciated! I am very interested in homeschooling my son, who is currently in a 7th grade gifted program at …
Moving to Mexico Homeschool Questions My questions are... We are planning to move to Mexico to help my father since he is ill and needs assistance. Am I able to get online schooling and or …
Memphis Homeschool Co-op Help I am about to move to the Memphis, TN area and I am desperately looking for a homeschool co-op for my children.
I am just curious as to where your co-op …
Help! I'm a New Homeschooler! I have decided to pull my son out of public school, he is in 6th grade.
I just had him take an online placement math test, the test was 3 & 4th grade …
Partial Home Schooling Question?  Struggling public school teen asks about partial home schooling...
Well, lately I have been having serious issues in school. It started in the Eighth …
Texas Homeschool Graduation Questions  Texas homeschooling high school teen has some homeschool graduation questions and concerns...
I just started to homeschool this year and have been …Click here to write your own.
Illinois and Homeschool Money I would really like to know what type of attention does Illinois give to its homeschooling parents?
I am a homeschooling mother of two small children, …
Homeschooling Kindergarten Curriculum Question  New York mom has a homeschooling Kindergarten curriculum question...
My son is five and was supposed to enter kindergarten this year but because of …
Seven Year Old Boy is Bored to Tears I have a 7 year old boy that is bored out of his mind in the 2nd grade. He has voiced over and over that he doesn't like school. He is very smart and loves …
Why
I Hate Homeschool Okay well i have read some of your website and i am just stating here, that homeschool is NOT for everyone. I have been homeschooled for a looooooooooooong …
Homeschooling in Missouri: High School Questions  Concerned mom would like to start homeschooling in Missouri but has some homeschool high school questions...
My daughter is 15 and a straight-A student. …
Texas Homeschool Laws: Teacher Requirement Hello, I just wanted to know if it would be a problem to homeschool my 6 year old son even though I do not have a High School Diploma or GED?
Thank you …
Blind Mother Wants to Homeschool Her Daughter I am a blind mother and I really always had the dream to homeschool my girl. She's is entering kindergarten and I'm trying to find resources to help me …
Homeschooling in Illinois Questions: Homeschool to Public School  When you are done homeschooling in Illinois and want to send your student to a public high school, what do you do?
I live in Illinois, and I homeschooled …
Used ACE Curriculum for Kindergarten Hi, I was just wanting to know if you know of a website that you can buy used ACE curriculum from? For instance the ACE kindergarten parent/teacher manuals? …
Florida Homeschooling Evaluation Questions  Mom of eight year old daughter has some Florida homeschooling evaluation concerns and questions...
I homeschool my 8 year old daughter and I've just …
Homeschooling Just Isn't Gonna Work Hey there Heather! Well, I just thought I would drop a quick note here about our homeschooling adventure.
This is our first year (Kindergarten-2nd …
Michigan Homeschool Grants Question I am trying to decide what I am
going to do with one of my children next year her doctor said it would be beneficial if she would be home schooled but …
Using ACE Homeschool Curriculum in Papua New Guinea We're living in Papua New Guinea. My son age 9 was on the ACE system at a school in South Africa.
He's been in a regular school since January and I just …
Homeschooling Out of the Country Questions  Concerned mom asks if she can homeschool her kindergarten daughter and follow an American program while visiting another country?
My daughter is 6 …
NC Homeschooling Question: Withdrawing My Child From Public School  Mom of teenage daughter wants to know about NC homeschooling requirements when withdrawing her daughter from public school...
My daughter had been …
Collecting Box Tops for Homeschool Groups Hi,
My local homeschool group is trying to get approved as a Box Top group so that we can raise funds for our co-op. Every time we call them, we get …
Landmark Curriculum and Christian Academy Questions  Homeschooling questions and answers about purchasing the Landmark curriculum for Kindergarten how to enroll in Landmark Christian Homeschool Academy... …
Homeschool Tutor Needed in Houston, TX  If you know of a qualified homeschool tutor in the Houston, TX area, please share your referrals with this mom...
Hello I am looking for someone to …
Middle-East Homeschool History Curriculum Question  Can you recommend a good Christian homeschool history curriculum to this mom? Her son wants to study the middle east. Thanks!
My son wants to study …
Homeschool Question: Inquiring Mother Wants to Know..  Former homeschooled mom believes she would have been more social if she had gone to public school. What do you think? Share your thought to help!
…
Starting to Homeschool in the Middle of the Year Question  Unsure mom wants to know if its possible to withdraw a student from regular school and start homeschooling mid-school year?
We just relocated to the …
Homeschool Curriculum in Spanish Question I am having a hard time finding homeschool curriculum in Spanish. I am thinking of homeschooling my step son and his primary language is Spanish. Do you …
Needy Homeschool Family in Guatemala Needs Curriculum  Needy homeschooling family in Guatemala needs homeschool curriculum and material for her children. Can you help?
Shalom and many blessings. Shalom …
Homeschooling in Thailand Questions  Ever homeschooled oversees? Confused mom has questions about homeschooling in Thailand or the Philippines. Please help if you can. Thanks!
Dear Heather, …
Looking for Dave Ramsey's Homeschool Curriculum - Used  Dave Ramsey's Foundation to Personal Finance homeschool edition is a great homeschooling program for teens, but may be rather pricey...
Hi, I'm looking …Click here to write your own.
Non Focusing, Learning Difficulties, Needs Extra One-on-One
Some parents hope that an expensive private school education will prevent learning problems and guarantee success; unfortunately it doesn't and many feel …
Can I Home School My Child in Mexico?  Concerned mom wants to know if she can home school her child in Mexico? Please help if you can...
My family had to move to our home in Mexico because …
New York Homeschool Help Needed!!  New homeschooling mom of four has some New York homeschool questions. Please help if you can...
I have already sent in my letter of intent to homeschool …
Homeschool Financial Aid or Grant Help  New homeschooling mom asks about grants or homeschool financial aid to help her school her daughter...
I'm having problem's with finding a grant or …
West Virginia Homeschool Problems  Concerned parents need guidance and help to end their West Virginia homeschool frustrations..
My husband and I had filled out the intent to home school …
Maryland Homeschool Questions: Moving and Starting to Homeschool Mid-Year  New home educator has questions about Maryland homeschool laws, umbrella schools, how to start homeschooling in the middle of the school year and more... …
Homeschool Question: School Withholding Records I have a son who has been with a school before it became a real school, should I say. A lady started out of her house teaching and then went on to open …
Homeschooling Special Needs Children: Questions and Help  Caring Tennessee mom of young child with down syndrome asks about homeschooling special needs children...
I am very much wanting to homeschool my …
Homeschooling Help Needed: The Cry of a Mother  Struggling Kenyan mother seeks homeschooling help and assistance. If you can help in any way, please contact her. Thanks!
I am Kenyan mother with …
Homeschooling Special Education Curriculum Ideas  Do you homeschool child with learning difficulties? Can you recommend any homeschooling special education resources or materials to this mom?
Hi! …
Can I Homeschool My Child in Just One Class - Spanish? My daughter is having some trouble in Spanish this year.
She is an A student, however in Spanish she is getting a D!
She had an A last year.
I really …
Partial Home Schooling Question: My Public School Sucks!  Concerned teen is wondering about partial home schooling. Can you share some advice?
After 3 years in school, i have finally decided that im so sick …
Family Loses Home School Items Due to Fatal Fire I am writing to you to let you know about a tragic situation.
And we are looking for the ABeka homeschool curriculum materials ranging from preschool …
MI Homeschooling Help: Don't Know Where to Begin!  MI homeschooling questions and advice needed for a concerned grandmother of a struggling teenage granddaughter...
I have a teenage grandaughter who …
NC Homeschooling: Taking Seventeen Year Old Out of Public School  Concerned military mom wants to pull her seventeen year old son out of public school but has some NC homeschooling questions...
I am military wife …
Help with Homeschooling Daughters Both of my daughters and I agreed on homeschooling but I do not have experience with it and I want to homeschool them myself. But they are 12 years old …
HELP!! I Want to Become Homeschooled! I want to become homeschooled because of the situation that I am in while I'm at school. My boyfriend has been homeschooled his whole life and I am pretty …
Michigan Homeschooling Questions: Teaching Other Kids I am a certified teacher in Michigan and am homeschooling my 8 year old son but I have families who are not state certified and would like me to also teach …
Homeschool Questions: Homeschool One Child and Public School for My Other Two  Struggling mom has some homeschool questions and is looking for advice. Please share your experience, thoughts or some encouragement...
I really am …
Help with Homeschooling to Requirements We are just beginning with the homeschooling journey and need to know how to go about making sure that the kids are learning at the grade level expected. …
Thank You for Your Homeschool Help!!! Thank you, Heather, for responding to me when I cried out in desperation and felt like a total failure as a homeschooler.
Your help gave me much hope …
Home School vs Public School: What Should I Do?  Unsure mom is torn between home school vs public school for her seven year old daughter. Can you help?
My daughter is 7 in the second grade, and she …
Arkansas Homeschool Help: Not Sure How To Get The Ball Rolling. Mom of high school teen has some Arkansas homeschool questions. Please help calm her fears...
I need to home school my son but I'm not sure how to …
Switched On Schoolhouse Curriculum Question  Do you use Switched on Schoolhouse curriculum? New-to-homeschooling mom needs some SOS help...
My name is Tammy and I had one more question.
We have …
Arizona Homeschool Support Question  New-to-homeschooling mom is looking for Arizona homeschool support and social interaction for her family...
My name is Tammy and
I am new to the …Click here to write your own.
Homeschool Scheduling Help!  New homeschooling mom needs some help with homeschool scheduling... please share what your typical day looks like.
How do I start my daughters schedule! …
Questions About Homeschooling in Mexico  Can you help? Concerned mom of two children needs some guidance and direction to begin homeschooling in Mexico.
I'm currently thinking of moving to …
Online Homeschooling Help for Teen Mom Hi! I am a single teen who is a new mom. I need some help with homeschooling online. It needs to be free because I have no income.
Hi, Tosha!
Hippocampus.org …
Can I Hire a Homeschool Teacher or Do I Have to Do It? Hello,
I just moved to South Carolina.
My daughter will be entering 7th grade.
For the past several months we have discussed home schooling as an option. …
Maryland Homeschooling and Interscholastic Sports Can Maryland homeschooled students participate on interscholastic sports teams of their local public or private schools in Maryland?
Hi Jack!
Some …
Homeschool Kindergarten: Beginning Unit Study Curriculum  New homeschooling mom is looking for easy-to-use homeschool kindergarten unit study curriculum. Can you help?
I am just starting our homeschool adventure. …
Box Tops for Homeschool Group Questions We are considering joining the boxtops program,
but don't know how to go about doing it. We were told we need to get a bank account for our organization, …
New to Homeschooling Questions Hi, My name is Tammy. I'm the mother of three great kids, (daughter-15, son-12, and youngest son-9). I want to start homeschooling them due to some rude …
New to Homeschool Questions Hello my name is Michelle and I have some homeschool questions. I recently have decided to homeschool my fourteen year old son. We recently moved to North …
Homeschooling Requirements: Do You Need to Have a Teaching Degree? I am a mother of four children, a nine year old, seven year old, five year old and a two year old. I would love to homeschool my children, but I'm afraid …
Homeschool Unit Study vs. Traditional Curriculum Hi Heather!
As you know, I have been researching homeschool curriculum for my youngest son, who is in 8th grade (for which your website has been very …
Michigan Home School Help Needed  Concerned guardian needs some Michigan home school help for a special needs teenage girl. Can you provide some guidance?
I have recently found myself …
Should I Home School My Child? Please Help!  Single, working mother asks, "Should I home school my child?" Many of us have wrestled with the same question. Can you offer some help?
I am a single …
What Homeschool High School Program Are You Using? I am taking my son out to home school him (9th gr) mid-year in Michigan. We travel for work and his dad is in Illinois and I will be sending him there. …
Homeschool Questions About Co-ops, Curriculum and Starting a Business Hi, I read your website and found it really helpful but, I do have some questions. What exactly is a homeschool co-op? How do I go about finding out if …
Homeschooling Help and Questions I want to be home schooled but my mom is at work from 8 to 6, so who would home school me? We don't have much money and I know its expensive to hire someone. …
Wanting to Homeschool Teenage Daughter - 10th Grade We are considering homeschooling our 16 year old daughter.
She is currently a Sophomore in a public school system.
I do not have much money to spend …
Registration and Letter of Intent to Homeschool Questions I have three homeschooled kids. I handed my intend to homeschool letter in August. I just got a letter saying that they don't have a registration form …
Need Homeschool Ideas for Teaching Multiple Students  Do you teach multiple children? Please share your homeschool ideas for teaching multiple grades at once!
I've tried plenty of homeschool curriculum …
Questions About Homeschooling in Missouri Hi! I have some questions about homeschooling in Missouri. I have just taken on, and moved my sister to Missouri from Tennessee. Missouri has very lax …
Missing JoAnn Discount Card  I signed up for a discount from Joann Fabrics using your PEAH access code in August and I never received a card.
In the past when I have signed up, it …
JoAnn Homeschool Discount? The JoAnn Fabric store website says homeschoolers need to have an HSLDA number or a PEAH number to get their educator discount card. Can you tell me what …
Need Cheap or Free Homeschool Materials  My husband and I are considering taking our seven year old out of school and homeschooling him. My huge problem right now is finding state required school …
Can I Start Homeschooling Mid-school Year? Can I start homeschooling in the middle of the school year?
Hi Crystal!
Absolutely you can start homeschooling in the middle of the school year - …
Teen Has Oklahoma Homeschooling Questions Hello There,
Hi my name is Tobi I live in Skiatook Oklahoma... as a young adult I strive to do what God wants me to do, and he wants me to homeschool... …Click here to write your own.
Homeschool for a Single Class? My daughter is having issues with getting picked on in gym class, not by the students but by the teacher.
My question is can I home school her for just …
Missouri Homeschooling Help Needed I am just having trouble figuring out how to take my kids out of public school. I am not sure who I should talk to about this.
Also the cost of being …
Homeschool Preschool Curriculum Help I'm looking for a good curriculum to begin homeschooling my kinesthetic 4 1/2 year old.
I myself happen to be a learner by doing.
Do you have any suggestions? …
South Africa Homeschooling Question I want to start home schooling in the last term of Grade 3 and not sure if Horizons does the full curriculum or only Math. Please send me more detailed …
Single Subject Homeschool Questions Can I homeschool for math only?
Do you have information on how that can work from a legal standpoint?
I can work out the curriculum to match the schools …
UK Home Education Question My stepson has had problems coping at Senior School since he started two years ago, which has led to him becoming very disruptive in his classes.
He …
Can I Use Ace Homeschool Curriculum with A Public Homeschool Program? I am going through a state funded homeschool program. Are aces paces allowable?
Hi Jennie,
What state funded homeschool program are you enrolling in? …
Homeschooling a High School Student in Maryland I have some questions about homeschooling high school. I live in the state of Maryland and I have a daughter in 10th grade who attends a public school. …
Homeschooling in South Carolina Question  Mom would like to begin homeschooling in South Carolina, but needs a little help...
The school board wants me to show a letter or something saying …
Questions About Homeschool Support, PEAH and JoAnn's Hi, I am homeschooling two of my five children this year (1st grade and 3rd grade).
I have already picked my curriculum but am interested in any/all tips …
Alpha Omega Homeschool Spanish Curriculum Help  Have you ever used Alpha Omega homeschool Spanish curriculum? Did your family like it? Homeschooling mom of teen would like your feedback...
I was …
Texas Homeschool Laws and PreK Help Help! My husband and I have decided to homeschool our son.
He will be four and needs pre-kindergarten.
We live in Texas and we have no idea where to …
My Father's World Homeschool Curriculum Question I am considering changing our homeschool curriculum to My Father's World this year, with my four children. My question is how much time and prep on my …
Michigan Homeschooling Help - I'm Confused! I'm from the state of Michigan and am planning to homeschool my daughter. I've read some stuff about homeschooling but I admit that I'm still in the process …
Homeschooling in Panama, Central America Hello! I'm new to the whole concept of homeschooling and I would like to know what I would have to do to sign my child up for homeschooling, since we're …
Certified Homeschool Transcript Question Hi Heather,
You have a great website! My question is... I need to have a "certified transcript" so my son can play football (it's a long story). My first …
I Enjoyed Your Accredited Homeschooling Article I enjoyed your article on accreditation.
I am interested in curriculum that is not accredited and I was nervous about it.
Is an alternative for my …
Homeschooling Grandma Needs Help I have two grandaughters, ages 5 and 7 that came to live with me several months ago.
The oldest being in first grade and has a learning disability, mildly …
Homeschool Reading Help and Tips  This may be the coolest idea since the invention of sliced bread! Homeschool reading technique to know when your kids are ready to read!
My mother …
First Time Homeschool Mom of Two I have an 11 year old and an 8 year old, and I will be homeschooling them in the fall.
I have never homeschooled, so I am very overwhelmed.
One of …
South America Home School Help Needed We moved recently to South America due to work related reasons and we cannot find decent schools for our kids. I heard about home schooling and want to …
Looking for a Homeschool Curriculum I am researching homeschooling programs and trying to find the one with the best education for my kids.
I was looking for one with a good phonics and …
Questions About Abeka Homeschool Curriculum and My Father's World  New homeschooling mom wants to know the difference between Abeka homeschool curriculum and My Father's World. Can you help?
I am brand new to homeschooling. …
Homeschooling Families on the Mission Field Hi There,
I just read your post about sharing homeschool curriculum, and wanted to remind you (or your readers) that many missionary families homeschool, …
Connections Academy Homeschool Questions  Inquisitive fifteen year-old teen wants to learn more about Connections Academy's free online homeschooling program? Got answers? Please help...
Hello …Click here to write your own.
Homeschooling Teen Needs Housing Assistance in Marysville, OH Hello,
I'm currently 18 and living with my mother. She is moving in with her soon to be husband and he does not want me with them. I have found many …
Homeschooling Learning Disabilities Questions Not rated yet Concerned mom has questions about homeschooling learning disabilities and using state homeschool programs...
I have a son, he has learning difficulties, …
3rd Grade Florida Homeschool Help Not rated yet Mom of struggling student needs 3rd grade Florida homeschool help and guidance; read her story...
Hello. I am seriously thinking of taking my third …
Texas Online Homeschooling Help Not rated yet Desperate teen needs Texas online homeschooling help, as well as encouragement to finish her high school education; read her story...
I am 15, female …
Homeschooling in Illinois Help Not rated yet Concerned Grandmother wants to begin high school homeschooling in Illinois; help or be helped...
My grandson is very smart and hates high school. …
New to Homeschooling Help Not rated yetI have two children that I have never homeschooled before, and we are planning and wanting to homeschool them. We have not been approved yet, we as of …
Reading/Speech Homeschool Problems Not rated yet Concerned mom needs advice for some reading/speech homeschool problems...
Well let me start by saying hi and thanks for any advice you have for me. …
How Much Does Homeschooling Cost? Not rated yet Amanda, a mother of a 3rd grader asks, "How much does homeschooling cost?" She writes...
I was just wondering what the cost of home schooling is. …
Arizona Homeschool/Public School Question Not rated yetHi,
I am thinking about homeschooling.
Right now my daughter attends 7th grade at a Chandler Junior High.
If I homeschool next year, can she still attend …
Public School to Homeschool Questions Not rated yet Overwhelmed mom has some public school to homeschool questions and concerns...
Because of a cacophony of problems, my son is failing his sophomore …
West Virginia Homeschool Question Not rated yet West Virgina homeschool mom asks if she can submit a portfolio, or does her daughter need to take the WESTEST...
I homeschool my 15 yr old daughter. …
Keystone Homeschooling Questions Not rated yetI am in 10th grade at a public school & I'm switching to keystone homeschooling. My mom sent my transcript in today and she is supposed to call the guy …
How to Homeschool Myself Not rated yetI'm a junior in highschool and I've decided to homeschool myself because public schooling is not helping me learn. There are too many distractions in the …
Michigan Homeschooling Questions Not rated yet Concerned mom of three asks a couple of homeschooling in Michigan questions...
Hi my name is Sarah and I live in Holly, Michigan. I have three kids, …
Homeschool Curriculum in Spanish Choices! Not rated yetHello I'm looking for a homeschool curriculum that is written in Spanish because I have a sister trying to home school her daughter for medical reasons …
Abeka Academy Homeschool Question Not rated yetHi my name is Steele and I have a question. I'm 19 years old and my aunt is my current guardian for my abeka academy account. I was wondering if I were …
So Confused About Homeschool Curriculum Not rated yetI am just in the process of pulling my 7th grader out of public school due to bullying issues. She is currently in honors (gifted) classes. The BOE is …
Nasty PA Home Schooling Editorial Not rated yetHeather, our local paper ran a nasty editorial regarding home and cyber schooling.
I have written a rebuttal, but need to check a fact.
How can I "prove" …
Texas Home School Questions Not rated yet Transitioning from public school to homeschooling; unsure mom has some Texas home school questions...
My son attended a school in May but I wanted …
Degree Needed to Homeschool High School? Not rated yet Are you wondering if a college degree is needed in order to homeschool a high school student? So is this mom; she asks...
Do you have to have a college …
Cheap Online Homeschooling in Mexico Not rated yet Save money. Learn on your own. Check out some free online homeschooling courses and classes for high school!
Well. I just moved to Mexico today and …
Homeschooling Summer School Not rated yet Concerned father asks questions about homeschooling summer school...
Our 14 yo failed two classes this year in 8th grade and we need to know how to …
Can I Homeschool Math Only? Not rated yet Enthusiastic mom wonders if she can homeschool math only - the one subject her son loves most!
My son is about to complete 2nd Grade. Since he loves …
Homeschool Math Problems with My 4th Grader Not rated yet Experiencing homeschool math problems? Struggles can be frustrating especially when you have other children to take care of...
Well my son is a very …
Homeschool Curriculum in Spanish: Grades 1-6 All Subjects Not rated yetI am working with an orphanage in Mexico.
These children have been sexually abused.
I am looking for homeschool curriculum in Spanish for grades 1-6. …Click here to write your own.
ABeka Homeschool Curriculum Help! Not rated yetHi I have two daughters ages 8 and 11 who have attended a private school that uses ACE curriculum. They have both been there since K5. This year my 5th …
Good Idea to Start Homeschooling? Not rated yet Georgia mom wants to know if it's a good idea to start homeschooling her 16 year old daughter...
My 16 yr old daughter is at a new school and has …
Mississippi Homeschool Help Needed Not rated yetMy child has depression and after moving to gautier ms. public schools she hated it. I'm wanting to homeschool her and am being threatened to be turned …
Reasons Why I'm Interested in Home Schooling/Could We Hire a Teacher? Not rated yetI'd like to be homeschooled, because I used to love school before I moved into Wake County. For me school was a loving environment and a positive experience. …
Home Schooling Curriculum Questions, etc. Not rated yetHi there,
We are thinking of home schooling our 3 kids, ages 13, 10 and 7,
I have done a lot of reading and browsing the web on home schooling but still …
Homeschooling Twins Who Learn Differently Not rated yet Concerned mom has a question about homeschooling twins who learn differently. Can you help?
I homeschool 5 yr old twins. One boy is quick to learn …
Thinking about Homeschooling my Son Not rated yet Florida mom is thinking about homeschooling her son who is struggling in public school...
My son is really struggling in a public school (we are from …
Homeschooling in Illinois Forms Not rated yetI want to homeschool my child and I can not find any forms anywhere that I need to fill out. I'm not sure if there is anything I need to fill out. Would …
Texas Homeschool Laws Question Not rated yetI am not satisfied with public or private schools, and am interested in homeschooling my daughter. My question is, does someone have to be certified and …
Can I, at Seventeen, Enroll Myself in Homeschooling? Not rated yetMy mother kicked me out on the side of the highway, and when I went to my public school she has ruined my school and called me truant when I was in sick …
North Carolina Notice of Intent to Home School Question Not rated yetI live in North Carolina and have a 9 year old LD daughter. She has been harassed and bullied for a few years now. I am taking a stand for her and decided …
Homeschooling at 18 in New York Not rated yetIf I am 18, can I register myself to be home schooled because I don't live with my parents or do they need to do it?
Hi Cori,
As an 18 year old, you …
Affordable Online Illinois Homeschooling Help Not rated yet
I'm a 12 year old 7th grade student in public school and i hate it. I'm a very bright child so i catch on to the lessons really quickly. I get bored …
Homeschool ID Card: Photo Resizing Site Not rated yetHi,
At one point, you had emailed me with the address of a photo resizing site which I have since lost.
Could you please resend the information? It …
Homeschooling in Michigan Help Not rated yet Concerned mom needs some Kindergarten/ homeschooling in Michigan advice; feel free to share!
My son started kindergarten this year. They believe he …
Virginia Homeschooling High School Questions Not rated yet New homeschool mom has some Virginia homeschooling high school questions and concerns...
I currently teach in a private school now and I have worked …
California and Homeschooling Questions Not rated yetI live in California and am going to start homeschooling our 4 1/2 year old this year.
Two questions:
1.
I was advised to not register her schooling …
First Time Home-school Mom Not rated yetMy name is Rachael Ramirez and I have a 6 yr old in the Klein district here is Texas. I don't believe the curriculum is up to his pace, after all it is …
Homeschooling and Learning Disabilities Questions Not rated yet Concerned mother has homeschooling and learning disabilities questions; please help if you can...
My daughter has learning problems. She's in speech …
Too Much Homeschooling Stuff Not rated yet How do you keep your homeschooling stuff from piling up and getting out of control? Other home educators want to know!
Hi. I am a homeschooling mother …
Flunking Online High School Course Not rated yetI signed up for several online high school courses (not a diploma program)just a la carte. I am flunking one and it is too late to withdrawal. I plan to …
Beginning to Homeschool Kindergarten in Michigan Not rated yet Concerned Michigan mom is thinking about beginning to homeschool her kindergarten son...
I live in Michigan. I'm a stay at home parent with three …
Homeschooling High School Suggestions Needed Not rated yetMy 15 year daughter went only two days to 9th grade, after that she refused to go again, so I withdrew her. She is currently seeing a counselor. She wants …
Homeschool Diagnostic Tests Question Not rated yetCan I skip the homeschool diagnostic tests and just order my son his 7th grade curriculum? I know they can be very helpful, but if I'm not required by …
California Homeschool Laws and Requirements Not rated yetHello, I live in Berkeley, California and I am having some difficulty getting started in a homeschooling program for my 5-yr-old son. I recently met with …Click here to write your own.
UK Homeschooling Questions: Don't Know Where to Start! Not rated yetI am in the UK and my daughter is being bullied in school, so we have decided to home school after the holidays, which is in a weeks time but I don't know …
Trying to Find Someone to Home School My 4 Year Old Not rated yetMy son was born with 2 medical problems and he's not able to go to regular school. His doctor told me to find a home schooling program for him.
Hi …
New to Homeschooling Questions! Scared and Excited! Not rated yet New to homeschooling mom has some questions about keeping one child home while sending another to public school and Switched-on Schoolhouse curriculum... …
Should I Homeschool My Kindergarten Daughter? Not rated yetWe are relocating from Long Island, NY to Myrtle Beach, SC. My daughter was registered to begin Kindergarten in NY but does not meet age requirements for …
Box Tops for Educations Homeschool Association Question Not rated yetWhat does Box Tops for Education mean by
"accredited home school associations"? When I called and asked about our group signing up ans was told about …
Grandmother in Need of Homeschool Books for 1st Grade Not rated yetI am going to homeschool my granddaughter (who we are raising), and I need any 1st grade homeschool books and workbooks that any one has to offer.
…
Homeschool Questions: AOP and High School Not rated yetThanks so much for offering to answer homeschool questions!!
You mention your kids did well testing without formal education.
I was just wondering …
Horizons Preschool Program Question Not rated yetHi I am Cheryl. I can't seem to find just a preschool program to purchase. I have 100.00 and wanted to use the horizons program. Not the computer one. …
Homeschooling Math During the Summer Not rated yetI have a question, I have a daughter getting ready to enter the 10th grade.
She is enrolled in school full time, however, she would like to be able to …
Home School Student Needs Transcript Help Not rated yetHello. I am a home school student who graduated in 2009. My parent did not keep a record of my studies beyond what was necessary. Thus, I lack "proof", …
Free Home School Information Needed Not rated yet Teen mom in Los Angeles, CA is looking for some free home school or at-home study options to prepare her for her future.
I really need a home school …
Home School Ideas Needed: Help Me Be The Best Teacher Not rated yetHeather, Hello, finally glad to talk to someone else doing home schooling.
I have a child that is hard to reach.
We are having issues with the whole …
Homeschooling MyTenth Grader Mid Year Not rated yetMy tenth grader is in her last trimester for the year.
Due to excessive absences from health related issues and a learning disability (which our public …
Should I Homeschool?  Not rated yet Twelve-year old public schooled student is sick of the drama at school and asks, "Should I homeschool?"
I'm twelve years old and I have a really negative …
Homeschool Question: Starfall Coupon Code Not rated yetI was wondering if you might have a code for Starfall to receive it for free. I am really enjoying the mighty book jr website. Thank you so much for the …
New York Homeschool Information and Help Needed  Not rated yet Tenth grade teen is terrified to go to school due to gangs. His mom needs New York homeschool information and help...
Hi! I'm trying to gather information …
Maine Homeschooling Questions Not rated yet Single mom has Maine homeschooling questions. She lives on a limited budget and feels like she's not smart enough to home school her daughter...
…
Homeschool Questions: Finishing Workbooks and Switching Curriculum Not rated yet New home educator has some first year homeschool questions about finishing workbooks, changing curriculum, etc.
For our first year of homeschooling …
Homeschooling Help: Teen Missed Too Much School Not rated yet Homeschooling help needed! Concerned mom wants to know what she should do about her daughter who has missed too much school...
I have a 15 year old …
Seventeen Year Old Teen Wants to Homeschool Herself Not rated yet Seventeen year old teen wants to homeschool herself but needs some help, support and guidance. Please help if you can...
I want to homeschool myself. …
When to Start Home Schooling? Not rated yet Should this mom wait to pull her high school teen from public school, or start home schooling now? Can you help?
I have recently decided to home school …
Computer-based Homeschooling Curriculum Question Not rated yetI have a 16 year old son who is dyslexic to a degree. I elected to home school him this year and I am currently going through a christian based home school. …
Box Tops for Education Info Needed Not rated yetOur homeschool group is doing the Box Tops for Education program and have received our first check made out to the group. We can't cash it, though. How …
New York Homeschool Help Needed Not rated yet Mom of 15 year old teen needs some New York homeschool questions answered. Can you help?
I am moving back to New York City with my 15 year old. She …
BoxTops for Education and Homeschool Groups Not rated yetHi! I have questions about boxtops for education.
Our homeschool group just got started and we want to participate in the boxtop program.
Since the …Click here to write your own.
Home Educator Identification Question Not rated yetI am having trouble activating my JoAnn teacher card this year.
They're being strict about having to show proof of educator status.
How do I get documentation …
Thinking About Homeschooling: Please Help! Not rated yetMy training is as a Montessori teacher for ages 2.5 - 6.
I am thinking about homeschooling my 8 year old and my 10 year old.
My husband's concern is …
Can Other Experienced Adults Home School My Child? Not rated yet Have you ever thought, "I can't home school my child!", but discovered you really can do it? Can you encourage this working single mom?
I have a 10 …
Kentucky Homeschool Question: Next Step Not rated yetI have checked the Kentucky homeschool laws and requirements. All I have to do is send a letter of intent to home school to the county school board.
…
Homeschool High School Transcript Question Not rated yetHi Heather, A very good friend and homeschooling mentor sent me here to your site.
Wow!
What a wonderful collection of tips and encouragement! However …
Homeschool Encouragement from a Teacher / Musician Not rated yetHi,
My name is Brian Asselin and I am a recent graduate from the teachers college program at the University of Ottawa. Towards the end of school we, the …
First Time Home Schooling Dad Not rated yetHi! My question is can a parent receive financial aid in homeschooling? Who pays for books and things?
My parents seem to think that a parent can get …
Just Wondering... Not rated yetI am writing a paper on the benefits of homeschooling and I used and cited a quote from one of your articles. I, in no way claimed it as my own. I was …
New Hampshire Homeschool Help: Wanting to be Homeschooled Not rated yet New Hampshire homeschool help needed - teen needs assistance locating a homeschool tutor near Pelham, NH...
Hello my name is Kacy and I'm 18 years …
Diabetic Teen Asks New York Homeschool Question Not rated yetI have diabetes, so I keep getting sick and ending up in the hospital. I've missed a lot of school work. I keep getting left back and I'm sick of it. So, …
Just a Few Homeschooling Questions Not rated yetHello,
Just a few questions. So if i sign my son up with this program, he will not have to go to any co-ops, and its still accredited? How does that work? …
Michigan Home School Middle of the Year Help Not rated yet Concerned mom of a struggling ninth grader, needs Michigan home school help and guidance...
After dealing with harassment with my son's special ed …
Cost of Homeschooling Question Not rated yetPlease provide me with the cost of homeschooling. My grandaughter has mental problems and behavior problems in school. Thank you!
Hi Georgeanna,
…
Texas Homeschool Highschool Questions Not rated yet Texas homeschool help needed. Are you currently homeschooling a high schooler in the great state of Texas, or have a Texas homeschool graduate? Please …
Middle of the Year Homeschool Question Not rated yetMy husband and I are leaving the state and school for five months. I'm considering using Paces (School of Tomorrow). Can I purchase just the second half …
Homeschooling in Texas Help Not rated yet If you are homeschooling in Texas, can you provide some help for this concerned grandmother and her teenage grandson?
Hi!
I am trying to find out …
Homeschooling in NC Help Needed! Not rated yet Mom of two young children would like to begin homeschooling in NC and needs some help...
I am seriously considering homeschooling my child. I have …
South Africa Home Schooling Help Not rated yet Mom living in South Africa needs a little home schooling help with curriculum for her fourteen year-old daughter... Can you help?
I need to start …
Homeschool Record Keeping Help Not rated yetI was wondering if anybody knows or has a sample of grading system or a sample/guide on how to use/do (evaluate) a class record. This is my very first …
Homeschool Organizing Busy Body Book Not rated yetI read all about your homeschool organizing planner, but have searched and searched your site and cannot see how to order it? Do you still have it? Please …
Looking for Homeschool Ideas for Waldorf History Curriculum Not rated yetI will be teaching ancient civilizations to my daughter, this year. Will Roy Wilkinson's TEACHING HISTORY offer main lesson ideas, or does this book focus …
Homeschooling in Illinois Question Not rated yet Are you homeschooling in Illinois? Chicago mom wants to homeschool her daughter this year, but needs a little guidance...
I have twins that I tried …Click here to write your own.
Have General Questions or Comments?
If you have questions or comments about my website, the homeschool market, or would like to leave me some feedback, please use the form below.
How I Work and Homeschool...
Homeschooling mom (me!) reveals how she's building a successful, money-generating website, while schooling her kids (17, 14, 6 & 2) at home. If she can do it, you can too! Learn how to homeschool and make money at home!
Return from Home School Help to Homeschool Curriculum Savings Home Page
New! Comments
Would you like to add something about what you just read? Leave me a comment in the box below.
Absolutely no part of this site may be reproduced without permission.
Website, Articles and Content Copyright 2008-2014 PEAH - Parents Educating at Home. We value and protect your privacy. Read PEAH's Privacy Policy.
Search Our Website!
Custom Search
FREE $$-Saving Newsletter!
Receive FREE Homeschool Tips, Info on Special Savings and Homeschool Discounts!
Sign-up For Our Newsletter!
Featured Discount!
45% off Stock Market Companion!
Thank you SO very much for scouting out all these options for us!
You do a great service and really support homeschoolers with your fine efforts! We are indeed grateful.
Jackie, Home Educator, Colorado
I just wanted to share a quick story on my journey to homeschooling.After watching our three oldest nieces go through the public school system, and having numerous friends who have had problems with public schools, when I found out I was expecting a child, I knew I would be homeschooling.
I started out by doing ALOT of research, mainly on the internet.
And found dozens of websites with so much free information it was amazing, and a blessing!And since he has been old enough, I have worked daily with him on the basics.
As soon as his little sister is old enough, I will be working with her too.
We haven't worked out a curriculum yet, because he's still young, but thanks to your website, I'm well on my way, and I look forward to watching my children learn and grow!Thank you, Heather for putting all this wonderful information together!Alicia, Oklahoma City, OK