http://www.ncate.org/privacy-policy
Alert
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for caepnet.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to process a credit card authorization.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new content, events, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 202-223-0077 or via email at webmaster@caepnet.org.
About Us
General Statement About COVID-19
Upcoming Events
Information from Other Accreditors
Vision, Mission, & Goals
History of CAEP
Governance
Leadership
Staff Listing
News Room
Job Opportunities
Contact us
Article
Standards
2013 CAEP Standards
Standard 1: Content and Pedagogical Knowledge
Standard 2: Clinical Partnerships and Practice
Standard 3. Candidate Quality, Recruitment, and Selectivity
Standard 4: Program Impact
Standard 5: Provider Quality, Continuous Improvement, and Capacity
2022 CAEP Standards
Standard 1: Content and Pedagogical Knowledge
Standard 2: Clinical Partnerships and Practice
Standard 3: Candidate Recruitment, Progression, and Support
Standard 4: Program Impact
Standard 5: Quality Assurance System and Continuous Improvement
Standard 6: Fiscal and Administrative Capacity
Standard 7: Record of Compliance with Title IV of the Higher Education Act
CAEP Standards for Accreditation at the Advanced-Level
Commission on Standards and Performance Reporting
Accreditation & Program Review
What Is Accreditation
Why It Matters
Public Comment Page
CAEP Voices
Applying to CAEP
Accreditation Cycle
About accreditation status
CAEP Accreditation Handbook
Program Review Options
SPA Program Review Process
SPA Standards and Report Forms
CAEP K-6 Elementary Teacher Preparation Standards
Accreditation Resources
Accreditation Decisions
EPP Withdrawals
Decision Process
Accreditation Council
Third-Party Comments
Accreditation Costs
Knowledge Center
Working Together
Volunteers
AC Decisions
State Partners
Research
Connect with Us
Sign up for our email list
Sign Up
Follow Us
For the latest news and information
"Happy Veterans day to all of our nations heroes both that have served and continue to serve and protect our freedom… https://t.co/hmqMerEsDm"
Posted 29 days
and 10 hours
ago via Twitter