http://www.wbtsystems.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
WBT SYSTEMS LIMITED
Privacy Policy
Effective May 25 2018
1. Scope of this Policy
This privacy policy (the “Policy” or the "Privacy Policy”) describes how WBT Systems collects, uses, consults or otherwise processes an individual's Personal Data. For the purposes of this policy, "WBT Systems" refers to WBT Systems Limited, a company incorporated under the law Ireland, having its registered office at Block 2, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. In all cases described in this Policy, WBT Systems will process your personal data as a data Controller.
In order to engage visitors and leads we have a legitimate interest to collect relevant data and send messages based on this information. We consider your privacy and data protection rights when we pursue our legitimate interests and ensure that the way our offerings work don't impact on those rights.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and customers. This Privacy Policy is especially directed at:
visitors and subscribers of the websites of WBT Systems;
natural persons contacting us through the contact or other forms available on the websites;
subscribers to our newsletter(s);
users signing in to use our services;
users signing in to download available documents;
users signing in to attend and/or watch webinars;
This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you how we gather, define, and use information that could identify you, such as your name, email address, address, other contact details, online identifiers or other information that you provide to us when using our website our services. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This policy is to be read as consistent with the Cookie Policy, included at the end of this Privacy Policy.
This policy includes a description of your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing activities we carry out.
2. Contacting Us
If you have general questions, please send us an email at info@wbtsystems.com.
For questions specifically about this Privacy Policy or use of your personal information please send us an email at legal@wbtsystems.com.
3. Collection of Information
As part of the operation of this website, WBT Systems receives and stores information about you such as:
a) Personal Information
Access to certain content and services on the website may require registration. WBT Systems is committed to its transparency obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection notice for personal data that is incorporated in this privacy policy. We request that you read this policy carefully and that you ensure that it is made available to any data subjects (e.g. your employees) whose personal data you provide to us.
By clicking I agree, you confirm that: (a) you have complied with your own data protection obligations in respect of the personal data that you supply to us and that you are entitled to disclose such personal data to us; and (b) you will ensure that a copy of this privacy policy is sent to data subjects (e.g. your employees) whose personal data you provide to us.
Users are required to provide part or all of the following information below, depending on the content or services they wish to access:
First and last name
Email address
Company name, size, industry, state and country
Job title
Phone number
You may be required to provide us with additional information and consent to our terms as described here which are part of our general TOS and Privacy Policy.
b) Non-personal information
We automatically track and collect certain non-personal information such as Website navigation data, Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, timestamps and URLs. We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interest, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you.
c) Cookies
We may use cookies to track and collect data. Our Cookie Policy is outlined at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Correspondence information
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our Website, we may store such information on our servers.
4. Use of Information
We use your information to provide, analyse, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to process your registration and to communicate with you on these and other topics.
We use your e-mail in order to send you newsletters and promotions in conjunction with your use of our Services. If you do not wish to receive newsletters you may unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link in the newsletter e-mail.
We use Website navigation data to operate and improve the Website.
We collect the IP Addresses to track when you use our Website. We use IP Addresses to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Website and sign-up to use our services. Your IP-address is also registered for statistical purposes and to better our advertising and layout of the Website.
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
5. Protection of Information
We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information.
WBT Systems does its utmost to secure communications and data storage in order to protect confidentiality of your Information against loss and interception by third parties. However, it is important to know that there is no zero-risk against loss or interception by others of your Information.
6. Storage of Information
We save your Information in our database in order to improve our Website and user experience. If you wish that your Personal Information be permanently deleted from our database, please notify us at info@wbtsystems.com.
If you are located outside the US and choose to provide information to us, WBT Systems may transfer your Information to our servers in the US. The US may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the Information. When we transfer your Information to the US, we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy. By visiting our Website or providing WBT Systems with your Information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your Information in the US.
7. Information and Rights
Once you have provided your Personal Data, you have several rights, which you can in principle exercise free of charge, subject to statutory exceptions. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal Personal Data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. To exercise any of your rights, you can file a request here: legal@wbtsystems.com.
Should you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority where you live or where you believe a breach may have occurred. We encourage you to come to us in the first instance but, to the extent that this right applies to you, you are entitled to complain directly to the relevant Supervisory Authority.
a) Right to withdraw consent
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will be able to withdraw that consent at any time you choose and at your own initiative by logging into your account on our website (if you have one) or by contacting us at legal@wbtsystems.com. The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the collection and processing of your data based on your consent up until the moment where you withdraw your consent.
b) Right to access and rectify your data
You have the right to access, review, and rectify your Personal Data. You may be entitled to ask us for a copy of your information, to review or correct it if you wish to rectify any information like your name, email address, passwords and/or any other preferences, you can easily do so by contacting us here: legal@wbtsystems.com. You may also request a copy of the Personal Data processed as described in this Privacy Policy.
c) Right to erasure
You have the right to erasure of your Personal Data processed by us as described in this Privacy Policy in case it is no longer needed for the purposes for which the Personal Data was initially collected or processed or in the event you have withdrawn your consent or objected to processing as described in this Privacy Policy and no other legal ground for processing applies. Should you wish to have your Personal Data erased, please file a request here: legal@wbtsystems.com.
d) Right to restriction of processing
Under certain circumstances, you may ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data. This is for example the case when you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data. In such event, we will restrict the processing until we can verify the accuracy of your data. Should you wish to have your Personal Data restricted, please file a request here: legal@wbtsystems.com.
e) Right to object to processing
Under certain circumstances you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, including where your Personal Data is processed for direct marketing purposes. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email, simply click the unsubscribe link in any of our emails.
f) Right to data portability
Where you have provided your data directly to us and where the processing is carried out by automated means and based on your consent or the performance of a contract between you and us, you have the right to receive the Personal Data processed about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and request portability of your Personal Data.
8. Other websites
WBT Systems’ website may contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully.
g) Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16.
In the event we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, steps will be taken promptly to remove that information. If you believe that we have or may have information from or about a child under 16 years of age, please contact us at legal@wbtsystems.com.
h) Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will bring these changes to your attention should they be indicative of a fundamental change to the processing or be relevant to the nature of the processing or be relevant to you and impact your data protection rights.
i) Data Retention
We retain your Personal Data for as long as is required to fulfil the activities set out in this Privacy Policy, for as long as otherwise communicated to you or for as long as is permitted by applicable law.
j) Applicable Law
The validity and interpretation of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of Ireland, without regard to Ireland’s choice of law principles.
Cookies Policy
Cookies on our web site
This site, like many other sites, uses small files called cookies to help customize your user experience. Find out more about cookies and how you can control them.
Quick description of cookies
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome or Safari) or by a mobile phone (e.g. Android or iPhone) on your computer or mobile device. They allow websites to store such things as user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a “memory” for the website, enabling it to recognize a user and respond appropriately.
Cookies and their use
There are different types of cookies based on their use:
Some cookies we use to remember your preferences for tools found on our web sites, so you don’t have to reenter them each time you switch a page or each time you visit. They will remember your user login (email address you enter when you submit a form on this site) for a period of 90 days, and other things such as the documents you downloaded.
Some are created and used by web analytics software (such as Google Analytics) to track how many individual unique users we have, and how often they visit the site. Unless you are signed in to the site, these cookies cannot be used to identify you personally.
Some cookies are used by geo-targeting software which tries to identify what country you are in based on the information supplied by your browser when it requests a web page. This cookie is completely anonymous, and is only used to help target content – such as whether you see our US or another home page.
When you register with us, we generate cookies that signal whether you are signed in or not. We use these cookies to determine which account you are signed in with, and if you should get access to a service.
On some of our pages, third parties may also set their own anonymous cookies, for the purposes of tracking the use of their application, or tailoring the application for you. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us. As an example, when you share an article using a social media sharing button on our sites, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.
Turning off cookies
Most browsers and phones have a way to stop accepting classes of cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website.
Help in turning off cookies can be found in your browser or mobile phone help files or at this web site.
If you are concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers from Europe, you can turn some of these off by going to the Your Online Choices site.
More information
If you still have questions, please contact us.
WBT Systems, Inc.
38 Spring Street
P.O. Box 801
Nashua
NH 03060-0801
United States
Telephone
+1(603) 654-3500
Toll Free
+1(877) WBT-7700
WBT Systems Limited
Block 2, Harcourt Centre
Harcourt Street
Dublin 2
Ireland
Company Number: 234574
VAT Number: IE8234574D
Registered in Ireland.
Telephone
+353 1 417 0100
Fax
+353 1 478 5544