http://www.chatham.edu/legal-and-policies/index.html
Skip to main site navigation
Skip to main content
Homepage
Legal
Have Questions?
Have questions? We make it easy to get in touch:
Call Us
800-837-1290
Text Us
412-419-3772 (standard text/SMS rates will apply)
Chat with Us
Launch Chat Now
Email Us
chathamadmissions@chatham.edu
Request Information
Complete our Request for Information form
Or, answer a few questions and we will be glad to help.
Loading...
Legal Notices and Policies
Privacy Policy & Notice
Use of the Site | Trademarks, Copyright & Proprietary Information
We appreciate your interest in Chatham University. Out website is made available for informational purposes. All images, descriptions, brands, logos and other information on this website are the property of Chatham University. Reproduction, modification, or use without express written permission of the Vice President for Marketing and Communications is strictly prohibited. All rights not specifically granted are reserved.
Disclaimers & Links to Other Sites
This website includes links to third-party sites which are not under the control of Chatham University. Chatham is not responsible for the content or operation of such sites, which may have their own terms. The inclusion of a link to a third-party site does not imply or grant endorsement by Chatham.
Web Accessibility
Chatham University is committed to ensuring that its digital content is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you encounter any content that you believe is not satisfactorily accessible, please email. We greatly appreciate your help!
Google Analytics
Chatham uses Google, a third-party analytics provider, to collect information about website usage and the users of the website, including demographic and interest-level information. Google uses cookies in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the website, including information about the pages where users enter and exit and what pages users view, time spent, browser, operating system, and IP address. Cookies allow Google to recognize a user when a user visits the website and when the user visits other websites. Google uses the information it collects from our websites to share with us and other website operators' information about users including age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests, and details about devices used to visit websites and purchase items. We do not link information we receive from Google with any of your personally identifiable information.
For more information regarding Google's use of cookies, and collection and use of information, see the Google Privacy Policy (available here). If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (available at here).