http://www.kemperart.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
News
Event Space
About
Contact
Search
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the website of Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. We hope this site allows you to learn more about Kemper Museum, its collection of modern and contemporary art, its exhibitions, educational programs, and more.
Information We Collect
Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art collects and retains information about you only when we reasonably believe that the information will assist us in providing the best experience and service for you. One of the main reasons we collect information is to protect your account and to identify you when we conduct transactions with you.
Information We Disclose
We understand that you expect the personal information you have entrusted to us to be handled with great care. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our visitors and members to anyone, except as necessary to provide Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art services or as otherwise permitted or required by law. Kemper Museum will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may release account information when in good faith if such information is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, enforce terms of any of our user agreements, or protect the rights, property, and safety of Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art, the website’s users, and others.
Online Purchases
In order to process your online order, we need to know your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. Your credit card information will be used only to process your transaction. We may also retain your order information for our records.
Online Memberships and Donations
In order to process your online membership order, we will ask you to provide us with the information we need to process your membership and/or acknowledge your donation. We will need your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. Your credit card information will be used only to process your transaction.
Online Surveys
Periodically, Kemper Museum may ask you to participate in surveys. You may decide whether or not to participate in such surveys, which may ask you about your background, education, occupation, and similar questions. We ask these questions so that we may better understand our audience, its needs, and its interests. We will not share any personally identifying information with a third party, but we may share statistical results with them.
E-mail Notices
From time to time, Kemper Museum may send you information about Museum exhibitions, educational programs, special events, or opportunities. We will not share your e-mail address with any third parties. If you are not interested in receiving periodic updates, please deselect the “You may send me Kemper Museum updates” box on your account page or send an e-mail message to communications(at)kemperart(dot)org with the header “Do Not Share” with your name, postal address, and telephone number.
We do not solicit personal information about children. Visitors twelve years of age and under are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this website.
Third Parties
We are also permitted by law to disclose nonpublic information about you in certain circumstances to third parties that are not part of the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art family. We do not sell or share customer information to unrelated third parties for the third parties to use for their own purposes. We do share information with companies that work for us. We may compile and provide statistics about visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but this data will not contain any personally identifying information. These companies and organizations are acting on our behalf when they provide these services and are obligated by contract to maintain the information they receive in a confidential manner.
Our Security Procedures
When you shop with Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art, we work to ensure a secure transaction. We use industry-standard encryption technology (Secure Socket Layer technology) for our online transactions. We also protect your information by limiting access to information about you to those associates with a business reason to know your information. In addition, we train our associates about the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of customer information. We take appropriate disciplinary action to enforce our associates' privacy responsibilities. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
If you would prefer, you also may place orders or pay for membership by phone at 816-753-5784 or via fax at 816-753-5806.