https://www.bathcollege.ac.uk/help-advice/faqs
College Information
About Us
Join Our Team
Meet Our Team
Term Dates
College Campuses
Construction Skills Centre
How the College is Organised
Governance and Reports
Vision and Strategic Plans
16-18 Performance Tables
Study With Us
Course Finder
A-Z Subjects
All Courses
International
Apprenticeships
Traineeships
Degree Level Courses
Full-time Qualifications
Part-time Qualifications
Part-time Love2learn
Adult Community Learning
Foundation Learning
SEND / Inclusion
Free Courses
Employers
College Life
The College Day
Students’ Union
Student Accommodation
Library and Learning Resource Centre
Student Wellbeing
Getting to College
Volunteering and Activites
Sport
Exams Office
Student Voice
Student Handbook
Student Code of Conduct
Staff and Student Links
What’s On
Events
Open Days
News & Blog
Shop & Services
College Shop
The Academy
The Flower Shop
Room Hire
Help & Advice
Student Advice Centre
Choosing the right course
Where could college take you?
Careers Advice
Qualifications Explained
Parents and Carers
Support for Schools
Funding and Fees
Staying Safe Outside College
Emergency Procedures
Privacy Information
FAQ’s
Anonymous Contact
Contact
Job Vacancies
Potential Subcontractors
Staff and Student Links
Employer Links
A
A
A
Home / Help and Advice / FAQ’s
FAQ’s
Help and Advice
Q: Can I come to college straight after my GCSEs?
A: Yes. All young people in England are expected to continue learning until the end of the academic year in which they turn 18. This is called ‘Raising the Participation Age’. However, this does not mean you have to stay in school to continue learning after your GCSEs.
There are lots of alternatives to school, and college is a great route to progress to higher education or employment.
Q: What’s the difference between school and college?
A: You get treated more like an adult” is the most popular answer we get when we ask our students this question. At college you will have more independence as you will be expected to organise your own time between classes, manage your own workload, you will not have to wear a uniform, unless your course has an industry-style uniform.
The Students’ Union (SU) is the other difference between school and college. The Student Particpation Team and the SU put on a whole calendar of activities to help you keep fit and healthy, make friends and have fun. There will also be lots of opportunities for you to join in or volunteer. Make sure you visit the Freshers’ Fair so that you have all of the low down on what’s happening where and discounts available to members.
Q: Can I go to university after doing a National Diploma?
A: Yes if you complete the programme successfully. A National Diploma is equivalent to 3 A-levels. A Distinction at National Diploma carries equal UCAS points to 3 A grades at A-level, except National Diploma in Early Years which carries the equivalent to 4 A-levels. See UCAS points explained.
Q: When is the deadline for applications for full-time courses?
A: We have been taking applications for full-time courses since October last year and this will continue up until the courses start in September. However, we do take people on a first come-first-served basis and some of the programmes fill quite quickly. I would suggest that you apply as soon as you know what you want to do. We offer guidance if you are unsure which course to choose for your intended career. Please email info@bathcollege.ac.uk in the first instance.
Q: Is there any financial support available to help with any additional costs?
A: Yes. There are a number of ways you can receive financial help towards the cost of learning at Bath College. Our Student Funding Administrator will be able to give you detailed information about a range of schemes available.
Please call 01225 328813 or visit our website for further information.
Q: I am nervous about changing from school to college – is there support to help new students?
A: Yes. We understand that starting at college can be both an exciting and daunting time and there’s lots you need to find out about. Our staff and our Students’ Union are here to give you the support you need on everything from your course, to finance or careers advice. You will have a personal tutor who will help you to settle in and we also have our Student Advice team who are professionally qualified to help with all your needs.
Q: My son struggles with his dyslexia. Can the College help him?
A: Yes. He/you should tick the appropriate box on the application form. When we receive the form, a copy is given to our Learning Support Team who will make contact to discuss what is needed and make the arrangements for the appropriate assessments. They will then provide relevant support throughout your son’s time with us.
Q: Are there things I can do alongside my college programme to improve my chances of getting a job?
A: In today’s workplace, employers want young people to be able to show they have employability skills. These are skills and qualities such as communication, teamwork, reliability, and initiative. Our Futures Team can help you to find work experience, get a part time job, develop your CV, practice your interview skills and explore your career ideas, all of which will increase your chances of getting a job in the future.
Help and Advice
Anonymous Contact
Support for Schools
Choosing the right course / programme of study
Funding and Fees
SEND / Inclusion Service
Contact Us
Careers Advice
Future Bright (B&NES Service)
Fair Processing Notice
Student Advice Centre
Leaving School
Parents and Carers
Qualifications Explained
FAQ’s
Upcoming Events
Virtual Open Day
2nd December 2020 - 4:00 pm - 30th June 2021 - 7:00 pm
View All Events
Latest News
Bath College works with Compassionate Community Hub to feed students this Christmas
Post-pandemic retraining programme launched by Bath College and Bath Spa University
Small Businesses Call for Urgent Action on Skills
Twitter
Bath College @BathCollege
RT @LittyMan: @BathCollege Carpentry students making 8 sided pegs for oak framing @EnglishOak_1 Visit to the workshop to see how oak frames…
Your opinions count Comments, compliments and complaints? Please let us know what you think
HAVE YOUR SAY
Courses you may like
Award in Creative Media Production & Technology
Part Time Qualifications
£300.00
Business HNC (Part Time)
Degree Level
Computing HND
Degree Level
X
CLOSE
Your Wishlist
Continue Browsing
We use cookies to personalise site content, social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of this site with our advertising and social media partners.
Privacy Center
Accept
This site uses cookies More infoNo problem