http://www.umd.umich.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
University of Michigan-Dearborn Privacy Notice
Last revision date as posted on website – 11/01/2020
Overview
The University of Michigan (U-M)recognizes the value of privacy of the university community members and its guests. This value is reflected in the university’s privacy statement.
This privacy notice provides more detail on how University of Michigan-Dearborn collects and processes your personal information on umdearborn.edu.
Scope
The notice applies to our practices for gathering and disseminating information related to University of Michigan-Dearborn website (“we”, “us”, or “our”) and is meant to provide you an overview of our practices when collecting and processing personal information.
How We Collect Information
We collect personal information in the following circumstances:
Direct Collection: When you directly provide it to us, such as when you enter your contact information to sign up for a newsletter, request more information, or register for an event on umdearborn.edu.
Automated Processes: when personal information is captured through technology, such as through a session cookie placed on your computer when you visit and authenticate on our websites.
Third-party Collection: when third-party advertising and marketing providers capture personal information through technology, such as a cookie, on our behalf.
What Type of Information We Collect
We directly collect the following personal information on the website:
Personal information, such as name, date of birth, UMID, contact information.
Event registration information, such as accommodations, dietary preferences, and guest information.
During a user visit to umdearborn.edu, we automatically collect and store certain information about your visit, which includes:
The Internet domain from which a visitor accesses the website
The IP address assigned to the visitor’s computer
The type of browser the visitor is using
The date and time of visit
The address of the website from which the visitor has linked to umdearborn.edu
We may also use third-party advertising and marketing providers such as Google Analytics and Google AdSense. Information collected through these partners includes:
Content viewed during the visit
Date and time of visit
Amount of time spent on the website
Visitor location based on IP address
Demographic information.
How This Information is Used
We use the personal information we collect to support:
Recruiting activities, such as hosting open house events
Administrative tasks, such as responding to service requests
University engagement, such as managing event RSVPs
Website performance, such as making improvements to site navigation and content.
With Whom This Information is Shared
We do not sell or rent your personal information. We may, however, share your personal information in limited circumstances, such as with university partners or external service providers that support business activities.
Specifically, data collected through the website may be shared with service providers in order to support our academic and recruiting activities. Examples of service providers include:
Salesforce CRM (recruitment and admissions/support recruitment activities)
Webform solutions, such as Google Forms, that enable polling and form submissions.
We require these service providers to keep your personal information secure, and do not allow them to use or share your personal information for any purpose other than providing services on our behalf.
We may also share your personal information when required by law, or when we believe sharing will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of the university, members of the university community, and university guests.
What Choices You Can Make About Your Information
Direct:
Individuals subscribed to e-newsletters and marketing communications may opt-out using the prompts in those communications.
Automated Collection: Cookies
We use “cookies” to enhance your user experience when visiting umdearborn.edu. Cookies are files that store your preferences and other information about your visit to our website.
When you access umdearborn.edu, the following cookies may be placed on your computer or device, depending on your web browser settings:
simpleSAMLAuthToken (security and authentication)
Purpose: This cookie determines whether or not a person updating the website is logged in via University of Michigan’s single sign-on. This collects no information about users who are not logged into to update the website.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
DataXu (advertising)
Purpose: These tracking pixels help measure the conversion and ROI of certain marketing campaigns and to deliver relevant advertisements about UM-Dearborn to certain users. They do not collect personal information about a visitor.
Opt-out: Get Opt-Out information here. For more information about dataxu and our privacy practices, please view their Privacy Policies.
Drupal (website performance)
Purpose: Drupal is the software that umdearborn.edu runs on. It sets this cookie to determine whether your browser has Javascript enabled. This collects no information about you.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
Facebook Cookies and Tracking Pixels (advertising)
Purpose: Facebook cookies and tracking pixels are used to measure the conversion and ROI of certain marketing campaigns and to deliver relevant advertisements about UM-Dearborn to certain users. See details about Facebook’s usage of cookies on websites and data policy.
Opt-out: Find out more about how to opt-out of Facebook’s ad personalization.
Google AdSense (advertising)
Purpose: AdSense uses cookies to improve advertising. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what's relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen. See details about how Google AdSense uses cookies and privacy policy.
Opt-out: You can opt out of Google’s ad personalization from Google Ads Settings.
Google Analytics Cookies (analytics and performance management)
Purpose: Google Analytics cookies count visits and traffic sources in order to measure and improve the performance of our website. See details about Google Analytics’ usage of cookies on websites and privacy policy.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
Incapsula Cookies (security)
Purpose: These cookies are set to improve the security and performance of the website.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
LinkedIn (advertising)
Purpose: LinkedIn cookies and tracking pixels are used to measure the conversion and ROI of certain marketing campaigns and to deliver relevant advertisements about UM-Dearborn to certain users. See details about LinkedIn’s usage of cookies on websites and privacy policy.
Opt-out: Manage your LinkedIn advertising preferences.
New Relic (analytics and performance management)
Purpose: New Relic cookies help track user sessions in order to provide information about website performance. See details about how New Relic uses cookies.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
Salesforce Chat
Purpose: This cookie enables live chat to work on certain webpages.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
Salesforce Marketing Cloud (analytics)
Purpose: We collect information about visitor behavior on the website if they are engaging with UM-Dearborn’s website through email campaigns. This helps us track the success of emails and optimize the communication experience.
Opt-out: You can opt out of these emails through the subscription center.
Search Ads 360 (Formerly DoubleClick) Cookies (advertising)
Purpose: Search Ads 360, which is run by Google, uses cookies to improve advertising. The cookies collect information specific to your browsing activity and keep it linked to your unique cookie ID. See Search Ads 360’s cookie policy.
Opt-out: You can opt out of Google’s ad personalization from Google Ads Settings.
SiteImprove Cookies (analytics and performance management)
Purpose: SiteImprove cookies are used to help record visitors' use of the website and to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. This information is then used to improve the user experience on the website. See details about SiteImprove’s usage of cookies on websites and privacy policy.
Opt-out: Find out more about managing cookies through your browser.
Twitter (advertising)
Purpose: Twitter cookies and tracking pixels are used to measure the conversion and ROI of certain marketing campaigns and to deliver relevant advertisements about UM-Dearborn to certain users. See details about Twitter’s usage of cookies on websites and privacy policy.
Opt-out: Learn more about Twitter privacy controls.
Automated Collection: Social Media Plugins
Our site uses social media sharing buttons. Social media platforms use cookies or other tracking technologies when a button is embedded on our website. We do not have access to, or control of, any information collected through these buttons. The social media platforms are responsible for how they use your information. For specific privacy controls on how these buttons track how users access our website, see the cookies policies of Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube (Google).
How Information is Secured
The University of Michigan recognizes the importance of maintaining the security of the information it collects and maintains, and we endeavor to protect information from unauthorized access and damage. The University of Michigan strives to ensure reasonable security measures are in place, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information.
Privacy Notice Changes
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time. We will post the date our notice was last updated at the top of this privacy notice.
Who to Contact with Questions or Concerns
If you have any concerns or questions about how your personal data is used, please contact:
the U-M Privacy Office at privacy@umich.edu or 500 S. State Street, Ann Arbor, MI 48109
or
UM-Dearborn Information Technology Services, at umd-servicedesk@umich.edu or 4901 Evergreen Drive, Dearborn, MI 48128
Notice Specific to Persons Within the European Union
Please click here for notice specific to persons within the European Union.
Back to top of page