http://www.leithschoolofart.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This policy covers how Leith School of Art (LSA) collects, uses and stores your data.
Leith School of Art, Edinburgh, was established in 1988 as an independent college of the visual arts and has built an outstanding reputation for hands-on tuition and an inclusive community ethos.  We are passionate about teaching art and design and our students thrive in our dynamic, creative and inspiring learning environment.
We operate as a charity aiming to encourage and welcome all those who want to learn about art and design, irrespective of age, ability or personal circumstances and to provide assisted places for those whose financial situation would otherwise deny them access.
How does LSA collect information
We obtain information about you when you apply for our year-long courses, book onto our short courses, subscribe to our newsletter, or complete and submit the Contact Us form.
What type of information LSA collects
The information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, IP address, date of birth, and what pages you have accessed on our website.
How your information is used
LSA may use your information as follows:
send communications that you have subscribed to by post or email, which may be of interest to you.  This might include information on our courses, exhibitions, events, fundraising and LSA news
advise you of any changes to LSA activities.
Third party access to your information
LSA will not sell or share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
When LSA uses third party service providers we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service (Access Group and Mailchimp).   This information is kept secure and is not used for their own direct marketing purposes.
LSA will not disclose any personal information unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required by law to do this, e.g. for the purposes of fraud prevention.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that LSA holds about you.  If you would like a copy of these details, please email or write to us at Leith School of Art, 25 North Junction Street, Edinburgh  EH6 6HW  Email: Enquiries@LeithSchoolofArt.co.uk Tel: 0131 554 5761.
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from LSA.  We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email or post unless you have given prior consent.  You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by Email, Contact Us, or in writing at Leith School of Art, 25 North Junction Street, Edinburgh  EH6 6HW.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information.  This information is used to track visitor use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org, or www.allaboutcookies.org
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.  However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
terms & conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
EdinburghEH6 6HW
T. 0131 554 5761
enquiries@LeithSchoolofArt.co.uk
The Leith School of Art is a Company Limited by Guarantee and having Charitable Status.
Registered in Scotland at 25 North Junction Street, Edinburgh.
Registered No.111089.
SCOTTISH CHARITY NUMBER SC 007456
© Leith School of Art
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
MADE BY EVERYONE