http://www.kubookstore.com/terms-conditions
Home / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the KU Bookstore relationship with you in relation to this website. The term ‘KU Bookstore” or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1301 Jayhawk, Lawrence, KS 66045. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.  The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: • The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. • Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. • Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. • This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. • Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. • From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). • Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America. • The Terms and Conditions contained herein may be subject to change at any time without additional or advance notice.User content and material We do not claim ownership of user-generated content and material. Any and all photographs, articles, images, graphics, videos, sounds, music, audio recordings, text, files, profiles, communications, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, concepts, questions, data or other content that you (i) submit or post on the Site, on any of our blogs, social media accounts or through tools or applications we provide for posting or sharing such content with us; or (ii) have posted or uploaded to your social media accounts, including but not limited to Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest, which are tagged with #kubookstore or any other KU Bookstore promoted hashtag (collectively “User Content”) shall be deemed non-confidential and nonproprietary. By submitting or posting any User Content, you grant to KU Bookstore a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license to copy, publish, translate, modify, reformat, create derivative works from, distribute, reproduce, display, transmit, publish, broadcast, host, archive, store, cache, use or otherwise exploit all or any portion of the User Content, as well as your name, persona and likeness included in any User Content and your social media account handle, username, real name, profile picture and/or any other information associated with the User Content, in any commercial or noncommercial manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, in any and all distribution channels, forms, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, including but not limited to in stores, printed marketing materials, emails, web pages, social media accounts and for any other marketing, advertising, public relations, sales or promotional purposes with or without attribution and without further notice to you. Neither you, nor any other person or entity, will have the right to (i) receive any royalty or consideration of any kind for the use of the User Content pursuant to these Terms or (ii) inspect or approve the editorial copy or other material that may be used in connection with the User Content. KU Bookstore will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such User Content for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products that incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information. KU Bookstore shall have no obligation to monitor User Content, use or display User Content, compensate you for submitting User Content or respond to any User Content. KU Bookstore retains the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, to remove, revise or refuse to post any User Content for any reason or no reason. Subject to the licenses granted in these Terms, you retain ownership of any copyright and other rights you may have in the User Content. By submitting or posting User Content on the Site, on your social media accounts or through any tools or applications we provide for posting or sharing your User Content with us, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or control any and all rights in and to the User Content, and the right to grant all of the rights and licenses in these Terms, and if you are not the holder of such rights, the holder of such rights has completely and effectively waived all such rights and irrevocably granted you the right to grant the licenses stated above without the need for payment to you or any other person or entity; (ii) you have obtained permission from any individuals that appear in the User Content to use, and grant others the right to use, their name, image, voice and/or likeness without the need for payment to you or any other person or entity; (iii) you are 18 years of age or older; and (iv) the User Content does not (a) contain false or misleading information, (b) infringe on the intellectual property, privacy, publicity, statutory, contractual or other rights of any third party, (c) contain any libelous, defamatory, obscene, offensive, threatening or otherwise harassing or hateful content, (d) contain any addresses, email addresses, phone numbers or any contact information or (e) contain computer viruses, worms or other harmful files. Upon request by KU Bookstore, you will furnish KU Bookstore any documentation, substantiation or releases necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms. You are solely responsible for the User Content and you hereby agree to indemnify and hold KU Bookstore and its employees, agents, and affiliates harmless from any and all damages, claims, expenses, costs or fees arising from or in connection with a breach of any of the foregoing representations or your violation of any law or rights of a third party. KU Bookstore has the right to remove and or delete without notice any user content within its control that it deems objectionable.