http://www.abora.org/privacy/
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned, using double opt-in if marketing information is to be sent.
Personal data collected will be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will not give away or sell personal information unless required to disclose it for legal reasons.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will delete personal information at the request of the individual concerned.
We are happy to comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation and other relevant legislation.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience. Cookies do not tell us your name, email or any similar personal information.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but disabling cookies may stop our website or other websites from functioning properly.
Functional Cookies
This Website will:
– Track the pages each visitor visits via Google Analytics
Targeting Cookies
This Website will:
– Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook (if available)
To view Facebook’s Privacy Policy or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit their website and change your privacy settings there.
This Website will not:
– Share any personal information with third parties, except if we believe this is required for legal or operational reasons. Note that employees of contracted services, such as our web hosts or email provider, may have access to information stored, but only on an “as required” basis.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. If you have questions about this policy or your rights, please contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Anti Aging with HRT
HRT Side Effects and Risks
Great Older Skin Care Tips
Choosing the Best Anti Wrinkle Cream for You
Recent Commentslisamariewark on Great Older Skin Care TipsCategories
Anti Aging
Skin Care
Health Disclaimer This website does not provide medical advice. Please always see a doctor or trained medical professional before making any decisions that may impact upon your health. See our medical disclaimer for further information.
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org