http://www.jmu.edu/pce/about/policies/index.shtml
Skip to Main Content
STOP THE SPREAD
: Important University Updates Amid the Pandemic
Read More >
More JMU
Parents
Alumni
Students
Faculty/Staff
Community
Give
News
Events
Calendars
Search
Search
Admissions
About JMU Facts and Figures Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Non-traditional Admissions Pay Deposit
Academics
Undergraduate Majors Graduate Programs Research Honors College Study Abroad Professional & Continuing Online Programs Career Planning
Student Life
Overview Living on Campus Clubs & Organizations Spirit & Traditions About Harrisonburg
Visit
Visit JMU Virtual Open House Traveling to JMU About Harrisonburg Campus Map
Tuition & Financial Aid
Costs Pay Your Deposit Office of Financial Aid Freshman Scholarships
Athletics
JMU Sports Recreation
More JMU
Parents
Alumni
Students
Faculty/Staff
Community
Give
News
Events
Calendars
PCE Policies and Notices
Professional & Continuing Education (PCE)
About PCE
What We Do
Our People
Community Engagement
Provost's Award
Policies
Payment Options
Forms
Expanding Your OPPORTUNITIES
Non-degree seeking
Pursue a degree
Earn a certificate
Learn something new
Professional Development
Prepare for a test
Explore Youth Programs
Partner with JMU
Search all PCE Programs
Apply
PCE NEWS
Contact Us
December 19, 2019
Releases & Disclaimers
PCE Student Privacy
Media Release
FERPA
Your Right To Know
Discrimination and Harassment
Credit Classes
Non-Degree Seeking Students
Adult Degree Program (Degree Completion)
Noncredit Programs
Lifelong Learning Institute
Professional Development
Youth Programs
Standard Releases & Disclaimers
PCE Student Privacy
By registering with JMU Professional & Continuing Education, you consent to the internal, non-public disclosure of your address, telephone number and email addresses to faculty and staff of JMU including any official third parties we work with for the purposes of administering the program. This includes facilitating class communications. You provide this consent with the knowledge that JMU will not further disclose your contact information to anyone outside of JMU and official third parties without your consent.
Media Release
I do / do not (choose applicable choice at time of registration) hereby give JAMES MADISON UNIVERSITY, their assigns and legal representative the irrevocable right to use photograph or video images of me in all forms and media for education or other lawful purposes in its publications and displays. I waive my right to preview or approve the finished product, including written copy that may be created in connection therewith. I understand no fee will be paid to me now or in the future. I have read this release and understand its contents.
Collections
Collections are managed by the University Business Office. For questions related to collections procedures, please visit www.jmu.edu/ubo/collections.shtml#debts.  Reference the following - Outstanding Debts/Delinquent Accounts; Collection Activities; Collections in the Commonwealth of Virginia; University Agents; Setoff Debt Collection Act.
FERPA: Annual Notice to Students
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974
James Madison University adheres to and annually informs students of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as amended. This act, with which the institution intends to fully comply, was designated to protect the privacy of educational records. Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) students have certain rights with respect to their education records.
These rights include:
The right to inspect and review the student's education records within 45 days of the day the University receives a request for access. Students should submit to the registrar, dean, head of the academic department, or other appropriate official, written requests that identify the record(s) they wish to inspect. The University official will make arrangements for access and notify the student of the time and place where the records may be inspected. If the records are not maintained by the University official to whom the request was submitted, that official shall advise the student of the correct official to whom the request should be addressed.
The right to request the amendment of the student's education records that the student believes are inaccurate or misleading. Students may ask the University to amend a record that they believe is inaccurate or misleading. They should write the University official responsible for the record, clearly identify the part of the record they want changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading. If the University decides not to amend the record as requested by the student, the University will notify the student of the decision and advise the student of his or her right to a hearing regarding the request for amendment. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to the student when notified of the right to a hearing.
The right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in the student's education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent. One exception which permits disclosure without consent is disclosure to school officials with legitimate educational interests. A school official is a person employed by the university in an administrative, supervisory, academic or research, or support staff position (including law enforcement unit personnel and health staff); a person or company with whom the university has contracted or outsourced institutional services or functions (such as an attorney, auditor, food service or bookstore provider, or collection agent); a person serving on the Board of Visitors; a volunteer performing services for the institution; or a student serving on an official committee, such as a disciplinary or grievance committee, or assisting another school official in performing his/ her tasks. A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibility. Upon request, the University may disclose education records without consent to officials of another school in which a student seeks or intends to enroll. The following is considered "Directory Information" at James Madison University and may be made available to the general public unless the student notifies the Office of the Registrar in person or in writing within five days after the first day of class registration: Student's name, major and minor fields of study, college of major and year (freshman, sophomore, etc.), enrollment status (full-time/part-time) including credit hours, dates of attendance, degree sought and time, degrees conferred, awards and honors conferred, participation in officially recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, the most recent previous educational agency or institution attended by the student, fraternity and/or sorority and educational societies.As of January 3, 2012, the U.S. Department of Education's FERPA regulations expand the circumstances under which your education records and personally identifiable information (PII) contained in such records — including your Social Security Number, grades, or other private information — may be accessed without your consent. First, the U.S. Comptroller General, the U.S. Attorney General, the U.S. Secretary of Education, or state and local education authorities ("Federal and State Authorities") may allow access to your records and PII without your consent to any third party designated by a Federal or State Authority to evaluate a federal- or state-supported education program. The evaluation may relate to any program that is "principally engaged in the provision of education," such as early childhood education and job training, as well as any program that is administered by an education agency or institution. Second, Federal and State Authorities may allow access to your education records and PII without your consent to researchers performing certain types of studies, in certain cases even when we object to or do not request such research. Federal and State Authorities must obtain certain use-restriction and data security promises from the entities that they authorize to receive your PII, but the Authorities need not maintain direct control over such entities. In addition, in connection with Statewide Longitudinal Data Systems, State Authorities may collect, compile, permanently retain, and share without your consent PII from your education records, and they may track your participation in education and other programs by linking such PII to other personal information about you that they obtain from other Federal or State data sources, including workforce development, unemployment insurance, child welfare, juvenile justice, military service, and migrant student records systems.
The right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by James Madison University to comply with the requirements of FERPA. The name and address of the office that administers FERPA is: Family Policy Compliance Office, U.S. Department of Education, 400 Maryland Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20202-4605.
For more detailed information concerning JMU's records policy see James Madison University, Policies and Procedures, Policy 2112, The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.
Your Right to Know
Your personal safety and the security of the campus community are of vital concern to James Madison University. Information regarding campus security and personal safety, including topics such as crime prevention, sexual assault, available resources, the law enforcement authority of the James Madison University Police Department, emergency notification protocols, protocols for resident students who are reported missing, fire safety and residence hall fire statistics, and crime reporting policies can be found in the James Madison University Annual Security Report and Annual Fire Safety Report. The publications also contain reported crime statistics for the most recent three-year period that occurred on campus, in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by James Madison University or affiliates, and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from, the university's Harrisonburg campus and three international campuses.
The reports are available from the JMU Department of Police and Public Safety website.
You can obtain a copy of these reports by contacting:
Department of Police and Public Safety James Madison University 821 South Main Street MSC 6810 Harrisonburg, VA 22807
You can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (540) 568-6769/6913.
Discrimination and Harassment
James Madison University does not discriminate and will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of age, color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, parental status, political affiliation, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation or veteran status. Conduct by a member of the university community that constitutes discrimination or harassment on the basis of any protected class is a violation of university policy and is sanctionable.
The responsibility for overall coordination, monitoring and information dissemination about JMU's program of equal opportunity, non-discrimination, and affirmative action is assigned to the Office of Equal Opportunity. More information is available through the Office of Equal Opportunity website at www.jmu.edu/oeo. This does not include sexual misconduct under Title IX, which are the responsibility of the Title IX Office, listed below. Inquiries or complaints may be directed to:
Office of Equal Opportunity James Madison University 1017 Harrison Street, MSC 5802 Harrisonburg, VA 22807 (540) 568-6991 oeo@jmu.edu
The responsibility for coordination, monitoring and information dissemination concerning JMU's policy against sexual misconduct under Title IX is assigned to the Title IX Office. More information is available through the Title IX website at www.jmu.edu/access-and-enrollment/titleIX/index.shtml. Inquiries or complaints may be directed to:
Title IX Coordinator James Madison University 100 East Grace Street, Suite 4033, MSC 7806 Harrisonburg, VA 22807 (540) 568-5219 sirockam@jmu.edu
Back to Top
Professional & Continuing Education
Ice House MSC 6906
127 W. Bruce Street
Harrisonburg, Virginia 22807
pce@jmu.edu
540/568-4253
Fax:
540/568-4252
Program Contacts: Adult Degree ProgramProfessional DevelopmentLifelong Learning InstituteTest PreparationYouth Programs
A-Z Index
Directory
Privacy
Accessibility
Jobs
Social Media
Maps
Community
Secondary
Related Information
About JMU
Admissions
Campus Map
800 South Main Street Harrisonburg, VA 22807 Contact Us
FOIA
CARES Act
Title IX Policies
Clery Act and Campus Safety
Student Consumer Information
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
© 2020 JAMES MADISON UNIVERSITY