http://www.gsm.ucdavis.edu/general-information/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Search
Main navigation
Calendar
What's Trending
Degrees
Full-Time MBA
Bay Area Part-Time MBA
Sacramento Part-Time MBA
Online MBA
Master of Professional Accountancy (MPAc)
Master of Science in Business Analytics (MSBA)
Compare Degree Programs
Undergraduate Minors
Undergraduate Accounting Minor
Undergraduate Technology Management Minor
Executive Education
Online Short Courses
Customized Programs
Business Fundamentals Certificate
Wine Executive Program
About Us
Latest Rankings
Our Locations
Meet our Faculty
Staff and Leadership Directory
Career Opportunities
Faculty and Research
Faculty Directory
Faculty Endowments
Executives in Residence
Faculty Conferences
Research in Action
Resources for Faculty
Center for Analytics and Technology in Society
Recruiters and Companies
Our Corporate Connections
Recruit and Hire Our Students
Host a Company Site Tour
Sponsor an MBA Strategic Project
Sponsor an MSBA Practicum Project
Become a Business Partner
Alumni and Giving
Upcoming Alumni Events
Get Involved
Networking Groups and Tools
Alumni Association
Success Stories
Support GSM
Contact Your Alumni Team
Current Students
GSM Student Club Hub
Upcoming Student Events
Full-Time MBA Students
Bay Area MBA Students
Sacramento MBA Students
Online MBA Students
MPAc Students
MSBA Students
Teaching and Research Assistantships
Quicklinks
For Current Students
For Staff
For Faculty
Canvas
Registration and Enrollment
Calendar
GTS
Social media links
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Youtube
Links on this site's pages to commercial Web sites do not represent endorsement by the University of California or its affiliates.
Privacy Information
Policy
UC Davis is committed to protecting personal privacy and the personal information collected via its departmental and official Web pages.
Privacy Notice Regarding Online Donations
The 1977 California Information Practices Act requires UC Davis to provide the following information to individuals asked to supply information about themselves:
UC Davis is requesting this information to maintain accurate donor files in the Office of University Relations. Furnishing the information is strictly voluntary and it will be maintained confidentially. The information may be used by other university departments in the regular course of business but will not be disseminated to others except if required by law. You have the right to review your own data file. Inquiries should be forwarded to the Advancement Services, University of California, Davis, One Shields Avenue, Davis, CA 95616.
The UC Davis Foundation
The UC Davis Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) public benefit corporation organized for the purpose of encouraging voluntary private support for the benefit of UC Davis, and is recognized under federal and state tax laws as a qualified donee for tax-deductible charitable contributions. Responsibility for governance of the Foundation, including investments, is vested in its Board of Trustees, which is composed of community leaders and senior campus administrators.
Donor's Consent
The University is grateful for the support it receives from alumni and friends. One of the ways our thanks is expressed is through listing the names of donors in various publications. Should you wish that your name not appear as a donor, please notify us if you have not already done so.
STIP/Gift Fee Policy
It is the policy of the University of California, Davis to utilize a portion of gifts and/or the short-term investment income on current gifts and grants to support the cost of raising and administering funds.
Information Collected
UC Davis Web pages may collect personal information such as name, address, email address, telephone number(s), and/or educational, research, or service interests. Such personal information may be requested for research, public service or teaching programs, or for administrative purposes. Additional personal information, such as credit card account information, may be requested for purchases, enrollment, or donation/philanthropic purposes.
UC Davis identifies your Internet Protocol (IP) address when you visit departmental and official Web sites. UC Davis may also collect Web site usage statistics by IP address and maintain logs for identifying campus account use.
Use of information: UC Davis uses Web-site-collected personal information for the purpose of future communication back to you. Examples of this use include University-affiliated hosting organizations that need to keep Web enrollees informed of campus programs, symposia, and/or special events.
UC Davis may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history for reporting aggregate Web-site accesses and for profiling purposes. This information is generally used to improve Web presentation and utilization. UC Davis also may use IP addresses for troubleshooting purposes. Some UC Davis Web pages may use “cookies.” Cookies are used for delivering Web content specific to users’ interests and to keep track of online purchasing transactions. Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies.
Social security numbers may be collected only in accordance with UC Davis Policy and Procedure Manual Section 320-22.
Use of information
UC Davis uses Web-site-collected personal information for the purpose of future communication back to you. Examples of this use include University-affiliated hosting organizations that need to keep Web enrollees informed of campus programs, symposia and/or special events.
UC Davis may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history for reporting aggregate Web-site accesses and for profiling purposes. This information is generally used to improve Web presentation and utilization. The campus also may use IP addresses for troubleshooting purposes. Some UC Davis Web sites may use "cookies." Cookies are used for delivering Web content specific to users' interests and to keep track of online purchasing transactions. Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies.
Distribution of information
Access to electronically collected personal information and IP addresses shall be in accordance with existing University policy governing disclosure of personal information including UC Davis Policy and Procedure Manual Section 320-20, Section 320-21, Section 320-35, and Section 320-36. UC Davis will not sell personal information to third-party organizations such as telemarketers or direct mailers.
Individual choice
Individuals have the option to decline any online enrollment and may submit requests to use other enrollment methods by e-mail or U.S. mail addressed to the UC Davis organization seeking the personal information. Users may review, modify, or delete their previously provided personal information by contacting the campus organization to which they provided the personal information. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to access the general information on this Web site.
Campus commitment to data security
Operators of Web servers and Web server software shall comply with UC Davis Policy and Procedure Manual Section 310-22, and take reasonable steps to protect the security, integrity and privacy of information submitted via UC Davis Web pages. UC Davis encourages producers of its Web pages, when seeking personal information, to use the industry standard security protocol known as Secured Sockets Layer (SSL). We strongly recommend the use of a Web browser capable of supporting SSL. The latest versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Communicator, for example, support SSL and also avoid known browser security vulnerabilities.
While using a UC Davis Web page, you may encounter hypertext links to the Web pages of organizations not directly affiliated with UC Davis. UC Davis does not control the content or information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations.
Individual privacy rights and public disclosure of information: In the state of California, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records. These exceptions serve various needs including maintaining the privacy of individuals. Both state and federal laws provide such exceptions to public access rights.
UC Davis respects both the right of public access to information and the right of privacy of individuals. All information collected at this site becomes public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption in law exists. If any type of personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, State law, including the Information Practices Act of 1977 and the California Public Records Act, and federal law, including the Privacy Act of 1974 and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, may protect it from disclosure to third parties.
In the event of a conflict between this privacy expectation and the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act, or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act, or other applicable law will control. In addition, information may be produced in response to a subpoena or court order.
Individual Privacy Rights and Public Disclosure of Information
In the state of California, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records. These exceptions serve various needs including maintaining the privacy of individuals. Both state and federal laws provide such exceptions to public access rights.
UC Davis respects both the right of public access to information and the right of privacy of individuals. All information collected at this site becomes public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption in law exists. If any type of personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, state law, including the Information Practices Act of 1977, and the California Public Records Act, and federal law, including the Privacy Act of 1974 and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, may protect it from disclosure to third parties.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Statement and the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act, or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act, or other applicable law will control.
Personal Information
Different types of data are protected under different laws and regulations. Terms and acronyms for these types of data are often used, but it is not always clear what data falls into each of these categories. Some of the types of protected data often collected and maintained by campus departments include the following:
Personal Information as defined by the Information Practices Act of 1977 (IPA) includes:
An individual’s first name or first initial and last name in combination with any one or more of the following data elements, when either the name or the data elements are not encrypted
Social Security Number.
Driver’s license number or California identification card number.
Account number or credit or debit card number, in combination with any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to an individual’s financial account.
Medical information. For purposes of this section, “medical information” means any information regarding an individual’s medical history, mental or physical condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care professional.
Health Insurance Information. For purposes of this section, “health insurance information” means an individual’s health insurance policy number or subscriber identification number, any unique identifier used by a health insurer to identify the individual, or any information in an individual’s application and claims history, including any appeals records.
Information or data collected through the use or operation of an automated license plate recognition system, as defined in Section 1798.90.5.
A user name or email address, in combination with a password or security question and answer that would permit access to an online account.
Student Records as defined by the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and UC policy includes:
Those records that contain information directly related to a student and that are maintained by a University of California campus, the University of California Office of the President, or by any organization authorized to act on behalf of the University.
Student records include, but are not limited to, academic evaluations, including student examination papers, transcripts, test scores and other academic records; general counseling and advising records; disciplinary records; and financial aid records, including student loan collection records.
Student records do not include the following:
Records of instructional, supervisory, and administrative personnel and educational personnel ancillary to those persons, which
Are kept in the sole possession of the maker of the record; and
Are not accessible or revealed to any other individual, except to an individual who performs on a temporary basis the duties of the individual who made the record.
Campus police records used solely for law enforcement purposes.
Employment records that do not depend on the fact that the employee is a student.
Health records.
Applicant records for students who do not enroll.
Records created after the individual is no longer a student (alumni records).
Grades on peer-graded papers before they are officially collected and recorded.
Contact Us
For further information regarding this privacy expectation, contact:
UC Davis Privacy Officer
Office of Compliance and Policy
University of California, Davis
One Shields Avenue
Davis, CA 95616
privacy@ucdavis.edu
UC Davis Information Technology Security Guidelines Coordinator
Office of Information and Educational Technology
University of California, Davis
One Shields Avenue
Davis, CA 95616
security@ucdavis.edu
Share this page