https://www.utsouthwestern.edu/legal/privacy-policy.html
COVID-19 Update: Information and resources can be found here.
Site Navigation
UT Southwestern Home
Research
Clinical Trials
Core Facilities
In Pursuit
Programs
Research Support
Research by Department
Research Labs
Scientific Discoveries
Technology Development
Centers and Institutes
Advanced Imaging Research Center (AIRC)
Cecil H. and Ida Green Comprehensive Center for Molecular, Computational, and Systems Biology
Cecil H. and Ida Green Center for Reproductive Biology Sciences
Center for Alzheimer's and Neurodegenerative Diseases
Center for Autophagy Research
Center for the Genetics of Host Defense
Center for Human Nutrition
Center for Patient-Centered Outcomes Research
Center for Translational Medicine
Center for Translational Neurodegeneration Research
Charles and Jane Pak Center for Mineral Metabolism and Clinical Research
Children's Medical Center Research Institute at UT Southwestern
Eugene McDermott Center for Human Growth and Development
Hamon Center for Regenerative Science and Medicine
Hamon Center for Therapeutic Oncology Research
Harold C. Simmons Comprehensive Cancer Center
Mobility Foundation Center for Rehabilitation Research
Peter O’Donnell Jr. Brain Institute
Texas Institute for Brain Injury and Repair
Touchstone Center for Diabetes Research
Programs
Disease-Oriented Clinical Scholars (DOCS)
Endowed Scholars Program
Kidney Cancer Program
Medical Scientist Training Program (MSTP)
Medical Student Research Programs
Physician Scientist Training Program
Quantitative and Physical Sciences Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship Program (QP-SURF)
Science Teacher Access to Resources at Southwestern (STARS)
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship Program (SURF)
Education & Training
Medical School
Graduate School
School of Health Professions
Academic Calendar
Catalog
Continuing Medical Education
Departments
Graduate Medical Education
Interprofessional Education (IPE)
Library & Learning Center
Programs
Quality Enhancement Plan
Student Support
Quick Links
Academic Calendar
Admissions
Campus Map
Events
Faculty Directory
Financial Aid
Student Affairs
Student Life
Student Health Services
Wellness & Counseling
Apply to Medical School
Apply to Graduate School
Apply to School of Health Professions
Visiting Medical Students
Education Programs
Degree Programs
Non-degree Programs
Residency Programs
Fellowship Programs
Patient Care
Find a Doctor
Conditions & Treatments
Locations
MedBlog
Patient Resources
Physician Resources
Why UT Southwestern
Request an Appointment
Refer a Patient
Find a Clinical Location
MyChart
Our Specialties
Brain & Spine
Cancer
Heart
Obstetrics/Gynecology
Orthopaedics
Transplant
View All Conditions & Treatments
Our Hospital
Clements University Hospital
Zale Lipshy Pavilion
Quick Links
Billing
Maps & Directions (Clinical)
Medical Records
Southwestern Health Resources
Faculty
Departments & Centers
Newsroom
Campus Life News
Education News
Health System News
Patient Care News
Research News
Media Coverage
Media Relations
Topics
Videos
Archive
Quick Links
About Us
Directions
Download Campus Map (PDF)
Events
Life@
Parking
Publications
Sign Up for News
Like Us on Social Media
Annual Review 2019
Careers
About Us
Administrative Offices
Diversity
Facts
Giving
Leadership
Mission, Values, & History
Office of the President
Texas Impact
Title IX
Quick Links
2020 Year in Review
Careers
Communications, Marketing, and Public Affairs
Events
Human Resources
Information Resources (IR)
Southwestern Health Resources
Technology Development
Connect
Campus Map (PDF)
Contact Us
Directions
Newsroom
Parking
Social Media
Web Email
Make a Gift
Donate Now
Donor Stories
Call 214-648-2344
Texas Impact
Our specialty is the health of Texas.
MyUTSW
Breadcrumb Navigation
You are here:
Home
Site Policies
Privacy Policy
The University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center (UT Southwestern) maintains this website as a public service. UT Southwestern is dedicated to protecting the privacy of visitors to this website and does not actively share visitors’ personal information.
However, UT Southwestern is a public institution subject to the Texas Public Information Act (TPIA), and as such, could be compelled to release some of the information gathered on this website pursuant to the TPIA.
The following statement applies only to members of the general public and is intended to address concerns about the types of information gathered from visitors to this website and how that information is used.
Collected Information
UT Southwestern gathers information through this website in several ways:
1. Server logs
Our servers collect information from this site through web traffic logs that are used for optimizing and troubleshooting our servers. These logs may contain the following information:
Host name (or Internet Protocol (IP) address) of the computer accessing the site
A listing of web pages requested per IP address
The type of web browser used (i.e., Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.)
The date and time in which resources were requested
Any unique identifiers assigned by the site or site administrator (user name or email address)
For any questions and/or requests related to the GDPR, the Data Protection Officer, Byron Davis, may be contacted directly by calling 214-648-3111.
2. Cookies
Cookies are data stored on the visitor's computer by the web browser. This storage eliminates the need for users to continue to change preferences for viewing certain aspects of this website.
Cookies are also used to store authentication information on the visitor's computer. This allows users to authenticate to this website at the beginning of the session and then continue to surf until the browser is closed without continually reauthenticating each time a new web page is requested.
UT Southwestern servers do not store personally identifiable information in cookies from this website intended for use by the general public. Any information stored in cookies by UT Southwestern servers is used for internal purposes only and UT Southwestern will not disclose information stored in cookies, unless legally required to do so.
3. Online surveys
Occasionally, visitors to this website may be asked to participate in an online survey to assess things like customer service, ease of navigation, or site user satisfaction. Participation in any online survey on this website is completely voluntary. UT Southwestern will not disclose personally identifiable information collected as part of an online survey on this website, unless legally required to do so.
4. E-commerce
This website may allow users to pay for products, services, or to make donations to UT Southwestern online with a credit card. These transactions are completely encrypted. The information you enter in the transaction will be used solely for the purpose described in the transaction and the information will only be retained by this website until the transaction is complete.
Security and Data Integrity
UT Southwestern strives to create a safe and secure environment for information collected by this website by employing a diverse arrangement of security implementations to protect the privacy and accuracy of the data collected from visitors. All web pages on this site that collect personal information will use a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to ensure information is securely stored and transmitted.
Privacy Notice for Individuals in the European Union (EU)
UT Southwestern complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which protects the personal data and privacy of individuals in the EU. In accordance with GDPR, UT Southwestern has designated Byron Davis as the “Data Protection Officer” who also serves as Chief Information Security Officer. In instances where the GDPR is applicable, UT Southwestern, in addition to the rights enumerated in Chapter 3 of the GDPR, specifically extends the following rights to students, employees, and members of the public in the EU:
The right of access by the data subject
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restriction of processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
For any questions and/or requests related to the GDPR, the Data Protection Officer, Byron Davis, may be contacted directly by calling 214-648-3111.
Third-Party Content and External Links
UT Southwestern may post links to external sites or use content served from external third parties on this website. These links and third-party content are posted as a convenience to our website visitors. These external sites are not controlled or monitored by UT Southwestern and are not subject to UT Southwestern’s privacy policies and procedures. UT Southwestern is not responsible for the content or for the privacy policies and procedures of any external entity linked to this website.
For more information regarding links to external third-party websites, please read UT Southwestern’s Website Linking Policy.
Notice About Certain Information Laws and Practices
All information collected from this website may be subject to disclosure pursuant to the Texas Public Information Act. With few exceptions, you are entitled to request the information UT Southwestern collects about you. Under Sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to receive and review the information. Under Section 559.004 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to have UT Southwestern correct information about you that is held by us and that is incorrect, in accordance with the procedures set forth in The University of Texas System Policy UTS139, Texas Public Information Act.
The information that UT Southwestern collects will be retained and maintained as required by Texas records retention laws (Section 441.180, et. seq. of the Texas Government Code) and rules. Different types of information may be kept for different periods of time.
Any request to receive and review information, or request corrections to it, should be directed to the UT Southwestern Office of the Vice President for Legal Affairs at 214-648-7986.
Patient Confidentiality
UT Southwestern is committed to protecting the confidentiality of medical and personal information of our patients in the manner required by state and federal privacy laws. To learn more about the ways UT Southwestern safeguards confidential patient information, please read UT Southwestern's Notice of Privacy Practices.
Questions
For any questions, concerns, or complaints about this privacy policy, please contact UT Southwestern’s Office of the Vice President for Legal Affairs at 214-648-7986.
Quick Links
Accessibility Policy Compact with Texans DMCA of 1998 Notice About Certain Information Laws and Practices Open Records Website Linking Policy
Questions For any questions, concerns, or complaints about this policy, please contact this institution's Privacy Officer at 214-648-6080.