https://www.netmesh.us/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
We do not collect information from visitors of our site.
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
RohitRohit is an Internet Marketing Consultant who contributes to multiple websites on topics of SEO, Social Media, and Digital Marketing Strategy.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to Fix Your Credit By Hiring Assistance
I Can’t Live Without My Portable Charger
Outsourcing Your SEO
Getting Links for Your Site
What Good Web Design Can Do For You
Advice from a Cleveland SEO Company
Getting the Best Web Designer
How SEO Can Help Your Local Business
Looking for SEO in Greenville SC?
Minneapolis Seo Shares Take on Digital Marketing
Categories
Business
Making Money Online
Personal Development
Selling Your Business
Uncategorized
Web Hosting
Designed By HowlThemes
Back To Top