https://www.bankstreet.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Home
About
About
Message From Our President
Our Approach
Mission & Credo
History
Leadership
Offices & Departments
For the Media
Land and Wealth Acknowledgment
Building Racial Equity
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Education for Children
Education for Children
School for Children
Joyful, child-centered, Nursery through Grade 8
Family Center
Childcare center and home-based therapeutic services for children 6 months through 5 years
Bank Street Head Start
Free, high-quality preschool on the Lower East Side
Liberty LEADS
After-school, weekend, and summer program for middle and high school students
Summer Camp
Dynamic summer experiences, Pre-K through Grade 8
Graduate & Continuing Education
Graduate & Continuing Education
Graduate School of Education
Graduate degree programs to prepare progressive education leaders
Academic Programs
Learner-centered programs for current and aspiring educators grounded in progressive principles
Continuing Professional Studies
Classes and professional development programs for educators
Conferences & Institutes
Programming led by experts addressing issues in progressive education
Educator Resources
Professional development opportunities and resources for teaching and learning developed by Bank Street educators and researchers
Our Work with Schools & Communities
Our Work with Schools & Communities
Center on Culture, Race & Equity
Partnering with communities and educators to shift beliefs, behaviors, and practices so children of all backgrounds can thrive
Emotionally Responsive Practice
Addressing children’s emotional well-being to enhance learning
Early Care & Education Initiatives
Leveraging Bank Street’s expertise in early childhood to impact policy & practice
Prepared To Teach
Making sure everyone who wants to be a teacher can afford to attend a quality preparation program
School System Partnerships & Programs
Partnering with school systems to improve instructional practice
Research, Publications & Policy
Research, Publications & Policy
Occasional Paper Series
Forum for new published work from authors at Bank Street and beyond
Straus Center for Young Children & Families
Produces and disseminates new scholarship for early childhood practitioners and policymakers
National Center for Children in Poverty
Conducts research and makes policy recommendations to improve the lives of low-income families
Bank Street Education Center Publications
Published work that influences meaningful change in practice and policy at scale
Snapshots of Practice
Collection of written summaries, videos, audio files, and other materials that showcase Bank Street’s work
News & Events
News & Events
Headlines
Events Calendar
Bank Street in the News
Bank Street Home
Login
Library
Support Us
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use sets forth the policies of the Bank Street College of Education and the School for Children (collectively referred to as “Bank Street”) with respect to non-public personal information you provide to us through this Web site.  By using our site, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Bank Street College Web Site Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
1. Our Policy
Personal information refers to information that allows us to identify you, such as your name, address, ZIP code, telephone number, organization name, e-mail address, etc. We recognize the value of your privacy and appreciate concerns you may have about information you provide to us online and how we treat that information.
2. Personal Information Collected
We maintain this Web site for informational purposes and in order to facilitate your interaction with Bank Street.  We only collect personally identifiable data when voluntarily and knowingly submitted by a visitor. For example, you may need to provide us with your personal information if you choose to complete online forms, applications, and surveys on the site, or if you communicate with us through e-mail.
3. Use of Information
We do not disclose any of your personal information to anyone, other than to our affiliates, except as permitted by law, and to certain service providers, such as third-party Web site hosts. We will only release information about you if you direct us to do so, if compelled to do so by law or in connection with a legitimate request for information from a government or self-regulatory organization.  We may also disclose information that you provide to us to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf. If such a disclosure is made, we will require such third parties to treat your private information with confidentiality.
4. Non-Personal Information Collected.
Visitors to our Site should be aware that certain non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by our Site. By tracking user trends and patterns of how people search, we can better understand our user base. This helps us deliver better and more personalized services, improve the content and administration of our Site, facilitate use of our Site by visitors, and diagnose problems with our server.
5. Sharing Aggregating Data
We may share aggregate, statistical, and other non-personal information with certain other third parties with which we have a relationship. For example, we may share aggregate information or statistics obtained from the use of “cookies” or information you provide us as described above, which does not identify you personally, such as user volume and demographics, click-stream patterns, and the domain name of the site from which visitors are connecting.
6. Security
We are concerned with the safety and security of your sessions on our Web site, the information you provide us online, and any transactions you conduct with us online. We protect your voluntarily submitted personal information through a variety of security measures including secure servers, firewalls, and encryption.
7. Use of the Online Directories
These password-protected directories are for official school, parent, and alumni use and also for individual communication of a personal nature between members listed herein. Use of this directory for any other purpose, including, but not limited to, reproducing and storing in a retrieval system by any means, electronic or mechanical, photocopying, or using the addresses (electronic or otherwise) or other information in these directories for any commercial, political, or advocacy mailing is strictly prohibited and is in direct violation of copyright and constitutes misappropriation of corporate property. Such unauthorized use may also violate the rights of privacy and/or publicity of individuals listed herein and may constitute interference with contractual relationships related to these publications.
8. Hyperlinks
This website may contain hyperlinks to other sites. Websites linking to and from this website may have different privacy practices from Bank Street.
9. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights
The Site is protected by one or more copyrights, patents, database rights, trademarks, service marks and/or other intellectual property and proprietary rights that are owned by Bank Street, its affiliates and/or third parties.
10. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
(Although The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) may not apply to our Site, it is our policy to . . . )  We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). COPPA requires that web site operators never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent. In accordance with COPPA, we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
11.  Questions About Our Policies
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use or your dealings with the site, please feel free to contact us at:
web@bankstreet.edu
Bank Street College of Education
610 West 112th Street
New York, NY  10025
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
In conformity with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), Bank Street has instituted a process for responding to notices of alleged copyright infringement. If you believe some material on a site owned or controlled by Bank Street is infringing your copyright, please send a notice to our DMCA agent (whose contact information is below) with the following information:
A description of the infringing material;
The location on our site(s) where the material is displayed, so that we can locate it (e.g., a URL);
A statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that you allege is being infringed, whether it is you or someone else;
Your contact information, including address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the material identified is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or applicable laws to be on our site, and that the information you have provided in your notice is accurate.
Please send this information to:
web@bankstreet.edu
Bank Street College of Education
610 West 112th Street
New York, NY  10025