http://www.semanticresearch.com/privacy-policy
Technology
Cortex EIP
Semantica
Solutions
overview
COVID-19 Recovery
Defense and National Security
Intelligence
Law Enforcement
Financial Institutions
Cyber
Foundations & NGOs
Supply Chain Intelligence
Sporting Integrity
Resources
Guides and Tutorials
News and Press Releases
Blog
Contact Support
Careers
Company
About Us
Leadership
Meet the Team
Board of Directors
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Semantic AI Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on semanticresearch.com. Semantic AI Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use portions of this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as, username and password), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Users may opt-out of these communications. Please see our Choice and Opt-out section.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Business Transitions
In the event Semantic AI Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, user's personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Semantic AI Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Chat Rooms, Message Boards, and Public Forums
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, by posting personal information online that is publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate user's personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the by emailing our Customer Support at info@semantic-ai.com. Or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use users personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site at http://www.semantic-ai.com/privacy
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Semantic AI Inc.
4922 North Harbor Drive
San Diego, CA 92106
Phone: (619) 222-4050
Fax: (619) 225-5665
Email: info@semantic-ai.com
View All
Recent News and Press Releases
How a San Diego AI company helped bring down an African crime boss
August 26, 2019
Semantic AI announces the addition of top Cyber, Government and Cloud computing professionals to drive adoption of our Enterprise Intelligence Platform
August 06, 2019
Semantic AI selected by U.S. Air Force as Finalist in the AFWERX MDO Challenge Showcase
July 18, 2019
Semantic AI Introduces Cortex EIP™ Analytics Platform.
July 01, 2019
Semantic Research Evolves to Become Semantic AI
May 03, 2019
Washington-Baltimore HIDTA Chooses Semantic AI for Analytics
August 14, 2018
Contact a Semantic AI Specialist
Message sent - Thank you.
Please complete all fields correctly