http://www.schooloutfitters.com/catalog/privacy.php
Close
Home
Products
Room Designs
Brands
Cooperative Purchasing
Our Services
Our Work
Articles & Information
Track Order
My Account
Promotions
On Sale
Quick Ship
Clearance
Room Type
Infant & Toddler Room
Preschool Classroom
Elementary Classroom
Middle/High School Classroom
Art Room & Drafting
Cafeteria & Food Court
Computer Lab & Training Room
Hallway & Common Area
Library & Media Center
Makerspace & STEM Room
Music & Choir Room
Outdoor Classroom
Playground & Parks
Science Room & Labs
Categories
Chairs
Desks
Tables
AV Equipment
Classroom Rugs
Dry Erase Boards & Whiteboards
Bulletin Boards & Letter Boards
View More
AV Equipment
Bulletin Boards & Letter Boards
Carts
Chairs
Classroom Rugs
Desks
Dry Erase Boards & Whiteboards
Facility Equipment
Gym & Sports Equipment
Health & Safety
Industrial & Vocational Arts Furniture
Lockers
Lounge & Soft Seating
Medical Furniture & Equipment
Office Furniture
Outdoor Furniture & Park Equipment
Portable Stages & Risers
Room Dividers & Portable Partitions
Storage Cabinets & Shelving
Tables
Teacher Classroom Supplies
Trophy Cases & Display Cases
Wheelchair & ADA
View Less
Menu
My Account
Log In
Register
Our Privacy Policy
School Outfitters is a leading retailer of school furniture and equipment, with our headquarters located at 3736 Regent Avenue, Cincinnati, OH 45212-3724. We want you to be comfortable shopping with us, so we go to great lengths to protect your privacy and ensure the security of the information you provide us. And we want you to understand the information we collect, how we keep it safe and the circumstances under which we might share it.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide
School Outfitters may collect and store any information you provide to our website or phone representatives. For example, we typically keep a record of the information you provide us when you create an account, place an order, email, call or fax us. This helps us process and track your orders for you. It also helps us provide you with a more personalized experience if you shop with us again. We keep track of such things as:
Your name
Your shipping address
Your billing address
Your email address
Your phone number
Your credit card number
We might also collect and store any other information you choose to provide.
Changing Your Informaton
Click the View Account link at the top of our site, sign in and click “Edit Account.” We'll also be happy to change this information for you or remove you from our records if you call customer service at 1-866-619-1776. Or write us at:
Customer Service, School Outfitters
3736 Regent Ave.
Cincinnati, OH 45212-3724
Automatically Collected Information
To help make shopping at School Outfitters easier, our site automatically collects data about how you use it (which pages you visit, how long you stay, what you buy, etc.). Like many other shopping sites, we gather this information using “cookies.”
A cookie is a small file that our web server sends to your device (computer, tablet, mobile phone, etc.) when you visit our website. It is stored as a text file on your hard drive so we can access it when you visit us again. Cookies contain information that identifies you to our web site, so you don't have to reenter the information. This helps us personalize your shopping experience and gives you easy access to your online shopping account. To ensure your privacy, we only access cookies our server places on your device. Some of our business partners (e.g., LivePerson) also employ cookies on our site. We do not have access to or control over these third-party cookies.
Cookies allow us to optimize your School Outfitters shopping experience, so we suggest that you leave them turned on. However, you can disable cookies through your web browser.
Information Sharing
We do not sell any customer information or share it with anyone who would use it to market to you. Of course, we do share your shipping information with our product suppliers and shipping companies to facilitate the delivery of your orders.
Our website also shares web use information with web analytics companies that provide support services to us and need the information to do so. We do not authorize these companies to use your information for any other purpose.
Permission To Email
From time to time, we would like to send you emails that feature new products, specials and other information we think you might find useful. If you would like to receive these emails, select the “Subscribe” box when you create your account. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by logging in and clicking “Edit Account.”
Security
We use 128-bit Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your credit card information before it goes out over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. SSL makes ordering from the School Outfitters website as safe as shopping online with any other leading retailer or ordering by phone with your credit card.
Changes To Our Policy
We reserve the right to modify our privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. We will post any changes here, on our homepage and in other appropriate places so you'll always know what information we collect, how we keep it safe and under what circumstances we share it. If we make material changes to our policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our homepage.
The California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act creates new rights around the use and sale of sensitive personal information for some California residents.
Please note: School Outfitters does not sell any customer information or share it with anyone who would use it to market to you.
Starting January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives some California residents:
1.	The right to know. You have the right to know what data we have collected from you over the past 12 months, including:
•	What categories of data will be collected about you prior to its collection/at point of collection, and to be informed of any changes to this collection
•	The categories of third parties with whom your data is shared
•	The categories of sources of information from whom your data was acquired
•	The business or commercial purpose of collecting your information
2.	The right to delete. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you. Exceptions include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do the following:
•	Complete a transaction
•	Provide you a good or service
•	Perform a contract between us and you
•	Protect the security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it
•	Fix our system in the case of a bug
•	Protect the free speech rights of you or other users
•	Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.)
•	Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws
•	Comply with a legal obligation
•	Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Response time and format: School Outfitters will respond within 45 days to a request to access or delete any personal information collected. Should we require more time, you will be notified in writing of the reason and extension time.
To exercise these rights, call 1-866-619-1776 or email privacy@schooloutfitters.com.
For more information on the California Consumer Privacy Act, visit https://www.caprivacy.org/about.
Last Updated Dec 31, 2019
Back to top
Sales
1-800-260-2776
M-F: 8-7 Eastern
Fax: 1-800-494-1036
Email Sales
Customer Care
1-866-619-1776
M-F: 8-7 Eastern
Contact Customer Service
My Account
Order History
Track Order
Report a Problem
Returns Policy
Resources
Brochures & Catalogs
Buying Guides
Co-ops & Contracts
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Company Info
School Outfitters
3736 Regent Ave.
Cincinnati, OH.
45212-3724
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Sign up to receive offers & updates:
Go
Accepted Payment Types:
Join the Conversation:
Shop with Confidence:
x
Sign up for exclusive deals from School Outfitters
Get exclusive coupon offers and sale alerts, and be the first to hear about new product lines. Join nearly 150,000 fans in following along with School Outfitters.
Required field *
Email Address *
I'm shopping for: *
(select one)
Church
College/University
Daycare/Preschool
Govt./Military
Individual/Home Office
K-12 Private School
K-12 Public School
Office/Business
Other
Reseller
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up! Watch your inbox for exclusive coupon offers, sales alerts, and updates about new products.
Close