http://www.borderscollege.ac.uk/terms-and-conditions/cookies/
08700 50 51 52
enquiries@borderscollege.ac.uk
About Us
Students
Staff
Resources
Jobs
Contact Us
Search
Toggle navigation
COVID-19
Future Students
Business & Employers
News & Events
Find A Course
About Us
Resources
Jobs
Borders College website(s) and the use of Cookies
This site uses cookies.
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
A cookie is a small text file which is placed on your computer or mobile device by your web browser when you access a website. Cookies store information such as user preferences, to allow web applications to offer you a personalised experience and allow us to monitor which pages users find useful so we can improve your website experience.
This statement aims to provide you with information on what cookies are how we use them and how to accept or reject them.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality when applying for courses. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytical Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form and no personal information is obtained. The information cannot be used for marketing on an individual basis and does not compromise the security of your device.
Borders College uses Google Analytics to track how our website is being used. This enables us to improve the website to better meet the needs of users.
Cookie Names: _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmv _utmz
Google Analytics cookies are present on every page on the website and store information such as the location of the user, how they found the site (search engine, direct link etc,), what pages they have visited and how long they have spent on the site.
If you would prefer cookies not to store data or would like to manage individual cookies, you can do this through your web browser. Please visit www.allaboutcookies.org for further information about cookies.
This information applies to the following Borders College websites:
www.borderscollege.ac.uk
www.bcconsultants.co.uk
www.tartanmonkey.co.uk
www.scottishborderscampus.ac.uk
Find out more about Cookies at: https://www.aboutcookies.org/This web site explains how you can delete and control the cookies that are stored on your computer.
Borders College Privacy NoticeBorders College’s Privacy Notice can be viewed at: http://www.borderscollege.ac.uk/contact-us/data-protection-and-privacy/privacy-notice/
CookiesAbout CookiesWhat to do if you don't want Cookies to be set
Ask A Question
If you have any comments or enquiries about Borders College.
Click Here...
Salon
Restaurant
Job Vacancies
Regional Board
Virtual Tour
Accessibility
College Documents
Complaints Handling Procedure
Data Protection and Privacy
Freedom of Information
Procurement
Sustainability
Head Office
Borders College
Scottish Borders Campus
Nether Road
Galashiels
TD1 3HE
Find us on:
Call us on:
08700 50 51 52
© 2020 Copyright Borders College - Charity Number SC021180
Cookies
Terms & Conditions