http://www.foxcollege.edu/privacy-policy
Get Info
Facebook
Directions
Visit
Apply
Call Today!
MENU
Programs
Our programs are designed to be:
Hands-on, so you can learn through practice.
Completed quickly, so you can get out and earn a paycheck.
Comprehensive and high-quality, so you can graduate with the skills employers want!Dental HygieneMedical AssistingOccupational Therapy AssistantPhysical Therapist AssistantVeterinary Technology
Admissions
Our Admissions process is designed to be simple, yet thorough.
Come visit us to ask your questions and see how we are different.RequirementsFinancial AidApply
Your Career
Our job placement department is here to help you get your first good job and start your career.Career ServicesTranscript RequestEmployers
About Us
For 50 years, we have had a successful formula for graduates finishing first.
You and your classmates can finish together in 10-18 months. Classes focus on skills, so employers know you will hit the ground running. And our job placement department helps graduates get hired!HistoryAccreditationStudent ResourcesContact Information
X
Get Information
Get Information
Facebook
Directions
Visit
Apply
Call!
Privacy Policy
At Fox College, we strive to educate our visitors about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when traveling on the Web because we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our information collection practices are described below.
What Information is Collected?
We take the issue of privacy very seriously. We only ask visitors to submit personally identifiable information (such as their full names, addresses, email addresses, phone number, etc.), when it is necessary to ensure participation in online activities, such as submitting an online application or request form.
Fox College is permitted to contact certain individuals with whom they have a business relationship via any contact information provided, including telephone, text messages, email and postal mail. To unsubscribe from emails, follow the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each message. To be removed from future postal mailings or from being contacted via telephone, please email remove@bradfordschools.com with your name and contact information. Standard carrier fees apply for text messages. To opt out of receiving text messages from Fox College and their affiliated schools, please email optout@bradfordschools.com.
Cookies and Log Data
Cookies are information that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. www.foxcollege.edu is able to access only the cookies that it sets on your computer and we are only able to determine things like the type of computer operating system and browser that you and other visitors are using. www.foxcollege.edu collects this information in the aggregate in order to improve access to our content based on our visitors' browsers and operating system types. We try to make our content available to as many users as possible. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or option menu of your browser. Log data collected on web servers supplies us with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages of our site and how you found our site, such as through search engines or other websites. We use this information only for improving our site.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, we can be reached at 708-444-4500.
6640 S Cicero AveBedford Park, Illinois 60638
708-444-4500
External
Facebook
Maps
Policy
Privacy Policy
Sources
Accessibility
Complaint Procedures
Sitemap
Quick Links
Admissions
Your Career
About Us
Request Information
Apply Now
Contact Us
Accreditation
Programs
Dental Hygiene
Medical Assisting
Occupational Therapy Assistant
Physical Therapist Assistant
Veterinary Technology
×
NONDISCRIMINATION IN EDUCATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES
Educational institutions receiving federal financial assistance are required to comply with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. These federal laws prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender, including sexual harassment and sexual violence; sexual orientation; genetic information; race; color; religion; national origin; age; veteran status; and disability in the education programs and activities that they operate. Fox College is subject to these laws and complies fully with them in the enrollment of students, the hiring of faculty and staff, and in all other activities of the College. The Director of Education, who is identified in the Administration, Faculty, and Staff section of this catalog and who may be reached at 708-444-4500, is the Title IX coordinator at Fox College Midway Campus. The Campus Director, who is identified in the Administration, Faculty, and Staff section of this catalog and who may be reached at 708-444-4500, is the Title IX coordinator at Fox College Degree Site. Questions regarding Title IX may be referred to the Title IX coordinators or to the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights. Students, faculty, and administrative employees are encouraged to bring any complaints or reports of discrimination to the coordinator's attention. The matter will be investigated promptly, and both parties will be notified in writing about the outcome of the complaint. Appropriate follow-up will be implemented to assure that no person associated with the college is subjected to unlawful discrimination. Individuals who report discrimination will not be subjected to any retaliation for doing so.
Close