http://www.fordham.edu/privacy
In This Section
Policies
Privacy Policy
HomeResourcesPoliciesPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Version 1.1
Purpose
The University is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The purpose of this policy is to inform you how the University governs the collection and use of information collected on websites and Fordham Digital Properties (FDP) maintained and operated by the University including, but not limited to mobile applications.
Scope
This policy, and all policies referenced herein, shall apply to all members of the University community including faculty, students, administrative officials, staff, alumni, authorized guests, delegates, and independent contractors (the "User(s)" or "you") who use, access, or otherwise employ, locally or remotely, the University's IT Resources, whether individually controlled, shared, stand-alone, or networked.
Policy Statement
The University is not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices of any non-Fordham Digital Property.
The University uses reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect personal data collected and under our control against loss, misuse, or alteration. However, the University cannot provide an absolute guarantee to the security of any information you transmit through FDP because no method of transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure.
Fordham collects personally identifiable information (e.g., email address, name, or phone number) which you expressly and voluntarily provide to the University through FDP to register for events and conferences or to join a mailing list.
The University may use that information to fulfill your request for our information, services or communicate information that may be of interest to you.
The University does not sell, trade, or share your information with third parties unless one or more of the following conditions apply:
You expressly consent to share the information;
In response to subpoenas, court orders, as required by applicable law, or other legal processes;
When a business need arises, the University may share alumni email addresses with service providers acting on the University's behalf to conduct outreach, development, and advertising campaigns, who have agreed to protect the confidentiality of the data.
Any alumnus who does not wish to have their email address shared with a service provider should contact privacy@fordham.edu.
The University limits the information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor's request. At your request, the University may remove any contact information you provided from its database by contacting privacy@fordham.edu.
The University may automatically aggregate visitor information of FDP unless you take steps to browse the internet anonymously.
Personal data automatically aggregated may be used to improve the content of our websites, analyze trends, investigate security concerns, and identify system performance or problem areas.
The University uses server logs to automatically collect information concerning the internet connection and general information about visits to our websites.
The information the University collects is based on IP addresses.
An IP address is the location of a computer or network and is not linked to your specific email address in any of the log reports or other material compiled by the University.
The University does not associate your IP address with any other information held by Fordham that can specifically identify you unless we are required to do so by law.
The University may utilize online identification technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or log files to automatically track web browsing patterns.
The University's use of cookies does not involve the collection of personally identifiable information.
You may set your browser to prevent the use of cookies; however, doing so may prevent you from using specific functions of our websites.
The University may use web analytics services such as the service currently provided to Fordham by Google [1], Inc. Google Analytics™ and other similar services use cookies to help us analyze how visitors use our sites.
The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website includes your IP address, and this information is transmitted to and stored by the services.
The information may be shared with third-parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's or a similar service's behalf.
The University does not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google and other similar services. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in this manner and for the purposes set out above.
When you use certain FDP, the University may use location technologies, such as Global Positioning System (GPS), radio-frequency identification (RFID), or near-field communication (NFC) to determine your current location or enable specific automated responses when a mobile device enters or leaves particular areas.
The University does not share your current location with third-parties unless required by applicable law or other legal processes (e.g., subpoenas or court orders).
If you do not want to share your location information, you can turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or your mobile phone settings or within the mobile application. However, doing so may prevent you from using specific functions of the application.
FDP may link to other websites. You are no longer subject to this Privacy Policy when you leave an FDP.
FDP reference to any specific service, company, or organization does not constitute the University's endorsement or recommendation.
The University may contract with third-party vendors to place our advertisements or other communications on non-Fordham websites and digital properties.
Fordham and the third-party vendors may use cookies and web beacons to target ads or other communications based on your prior visit(s) to FDP and assess the effectiveness of our campaigns.
If you would like more information about these practices, go to www.aboutads.info [2].
Definitions
Cookies and web beacons are small files that may be transferred to your computer or mobile device through web browsing software to evaluate your use of websites, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to internet usage.
IT Resources include computing, networking, communications, application, and telecommunications systems, infrastructure, hardware, software, data, databases, personnel, procedures, physical facilities, cloud-based vendors, Software as a Service (SaaS) vendors, and any related materials and services.
Related Policies and Procedures
Logging Standards Policy
Internet Usage Policy
Implementation Information
Review Frequency:
Annual
Responsible Person:
Office of Legal Counsel
Approved By:
Office of Legal Counsel
Approval Date:
May 22, 2018
Revision History
Version:
Date:
Description:
1.0
01/11/2016
Initial Policy
1.1
05/22/2018
Policy rewritten to meet new data privacy requirements
Policy Disclaimer Statement
Fordham University retains the right to review this policy periodically and make changes as deemed necessary. Willful failure to adhere to published policy or protocol may be met with University sanctions.
[1] Visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics' terms of use and Google's privacy practices.
[2] To learn about your choices in connection with these practices on the particular device on which you are accessing this policy, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/ to opt out in desktop and mobile web browsers.