https://www.afi.com/policy/
AMERICAN FILM INSTITUTE
AMERICAN FILM INSTITUTE
PRIVACY POLICY
American Film Institute has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at the URL afi.com.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. American Film Institute reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to American Film Institute by sending an e-mail to information@AFI.com. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, address, interests and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to American Film Institute is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of American Film Institute. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites:
Our Site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which American Film Institute has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Website:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
American Film Institute
2021 North Western Avenue
Los Angeles, CA 90027
You can also send an e-mail to: information@AFI.com
Thank you for your support.
OK
DONATE
AFI is a 501c3 non-profit advancing the art of the moving image by empowering storytellers and inspiring audiences
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes