https://www.fontbonne.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Give
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents & Families
Alumni
Request Info
Apply Now
Academics
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Education and Allied Health Professions
Eckelkamp College of Global Business and Professional Studies
Fontbonne Online
View All Academic Programs
Library
GriffinShare Digital Commons
Academic Services and Support
Course Catalog
Registrar
Admission & Financial Aid
Pay Enrollment Deposit
Apply Now
Visit Us
Freshman
Transfer Students
Graduate Students
International
Virtual Experience
Corporate Partnerships
Scholarships and Tuition
Student Life
Living on Campus
Dining on Campus
Getting Involved
Student Services
New Student Orientation
Athletics
Giving
Ways to Give
Direct your Gift
Planned Giving
Giving Societies
Upcoming Events
About Us
Our Story
What We Believe
Mission
Leadership
Our Location
Our Community
Campus Map
Fontbonne Magazine
By the Numbers
University News
Faculty and Staff Directory
Academic Accreditation
Employment
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy Privacy PolicyOverall PolicyThank you for visiting our website. We’re pleased to share our policy regarding the use of information received here. Privacy is a matter of concern to us. We are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information that you may provide to us.
Personal InformationWe do not track individual users. Your email address or other personal information is not collected unless you provide it on a form, survey or application. We will not sell or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any organization not directly affiliated with us. We will comply with legitimate government or legal requests as necessary to protect our organization or to comply with laws.
Traffic AnalysisWe analyze traffic to this site. We collect statistical data on an aggregated basis through Google Analytics. For example, we collect information about the domain names of servers that bring visitors to our site. We count the number of visitors and keep track of where they go on our site. Such information allows us to find out what areas users visit most frequently and what services they access the most, which enables us to create a better overall user experience. To gather such data, we use cookie technology, which collects data in aggregate form, not by individual user.
CookiesAs referenced above, we use cookie technology for traffic analysis. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The cookies placed by our server do not gather personal information about you, do not provide any way for us to contact you and do not gather information about your computer. The cookies simply allow us to enhance our site by letting us know what sections are visited most often. The use of cookies is common on the Internet, and our use of them is similar to that of other reputable online organizations.
Links To Other SitesOur site contains links to other sites and Internet resources. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites and Internet resources.
Updates To Privacy PolicyWe may update the privacy policy periodically, and we encourage visitors to review them on a regular basis.
Last revised: June 2015
We are using cookies to give you the best experience. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in privacy settings.AcceptPrivacy Settings
GDPR
GDPR Privacy PolicyGoogle Analytics
GDPR Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overall Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. We’re pleased to share our policy regarding the use of information received here. Privacy is a matter of concern to us. We are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information that you may provide to us.
Personal Information
We do not track individual users. Your email address or other personal information is not collected unless you provide it on a form, survey or application. We will not sell or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any organization not directly affiliated with us. We will comply with legitimate government or legal requests as necessary to protect our organization or to comply with laws.
Traffic Analysis
We analyze traffic to this site. We collect statistical data on an aggregated basis through Google Analytics. For example, we collect information about the domain names of servers that bring visitors to our site. We count the number of visitors and keep track of where they go on our site. Such information allows us to find out what areas users visit most frequently and what services they access the most, which enables us to create a better overall user experience. To gather such data, we use cookie technology, which collects data in aggregate form, not by individual user.
Cookies
As referenced above, we use cookie technology for traffic analysis. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The cookies placed by our server do not gather personal information about you, do not provide any way for us to contact you and do not gather information about your computer. The cookies simply allow us to enhance our site by letting us know what sections are visited most often. The use of cookies is common on the Internet, and our use of them is similar to that of other reputable online organizations.
Links To Other Sites
Our site contains links to other sites and Internet resources. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites and Internet resources.
Updates To Privacy Policy
We may update the privacy policy periodically, and we encourage visitors to review them on a regular basis.
Last revised: June 2015
Google Analytics
As we continue to monitor the status of COVID-19 and guidance from the CDC and St. Louis County, Fontbonne has implemented health and safety precautions for a return to campus.Learn more about the CARES Act and Griffin Return.