http://www.civiced.org/privacy-policy
Shop Subscribe Donate
Privacy Policy
This page summarizes the privacy policy for visitors to any and all of the websites created or maintained by the Center for Civic Education (“CCE”).  This privacy policy applies when you visit our websites, use our electronic materials, make a donation to CCE, or otherwise share your personal information with us.  This privacy policy may be modified from time to time, and by accessing, using or visiting our websites, you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.1. Personal Information CollectedPersonal information is information that is uniquely identifiable to you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that which is not otherwise publicly available. Upon arrival at CCE’s website, and throughout your visit, we will not collect such items of personal information. We will, however, record and follow your IP address, the server into which your computer is logged on, your browser type, operating system, browser language, and service provider, and we use cookies to track your navigation within our websites. On occasion, you may be asked to register as a user in order to be included in our database. This registration is completely voluntary, but does require the collection of some personal information. The registration form asks for your name and other identifying data, such as contact and school information. Whether through our website or a third-party website that manages our business transactions, your personal information is recorded and saved when purchasing materials or receiving free CCE resources.2. Uses of Personal InformationCCE does not sell your information to third parties.  We do reserve the right to use the automatic information tracked by IP address and cookies for our own internal analysis and security of website use.  If you supply additional information to our database, such as a request to be added to a mailing list in order for you to receive updates, informational mailings, or emails about CCE and its various programs, we reserve the right to use that data to assist us with such functions as hosting our donor information database, sending postal mail and email, modeling our data, organizing fundraiser events, processing online and mail donations and credit card payments, and performing other administrative tasks. Companies engaged by CCE may have access to personally identifying information about you, but only to the extent needed to perform their functions. Such information may also be shared with our funding agencies and affiliated partners for the purposes of reference, reporting, or coordination of program implementation.  We require all of these parties to keep your data confidential.  3. Your Information ChoicesWe may change this privacy policy from time to time, so it is advisable to review it frequently. Changes to this privacy policy will be announced on our website, and all amended terms shall automatically be effective immediately.
All email messages from CCE will include the option to unsubscribe to mailings. Upon unsubscription, your personal information will be removed from the mailing list, but will remain in our database. To unsubscribe to mailings from CCE, please visit https://www.civiced.org/unsubscribe. 4. SecurityPersonal information you provide will be secured with industry standards and technology.
5. Governing Law
You agree that your use of our websites and any issues arising under the terms of this privacy policy or any disputes related to said use or disputes will be resolved under the laws of the State of California, solely in the state or federal courts in the State of California. 6. How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments, please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or contact us at: Center for Civic Education 5115 Douglas Fir Road, Suite JCalabasas, CA 91302Phone: 818-591-9321 Fax: 818-591-9330Last modified: July 24, 2020
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
About
This site is brought to you by the Center for Civic Education. The Center's mission is to promote an enlightened and responsible citizenry committed to democratic principles and actively engaged in the practice of democracy. The Center has reached more than 30 million students and their teachers since 1965. Learn more.
Center for Civic Education
5115 Douglas Fir Road, Suite JCalabasas, CA 91302
Phone: (818) 591-9321
Email: web@civiced.org
Website: www.civiced.org
.
.
.
.
.
Links
Learn.civiced.org
Civics Forum
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscribe to Newsletter
Login
PAW
Programs Teaching Resources Professional Development Advocacy About
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Read more about our Privacy Policy.I accept