http://www.powerfulwords.info/policies/privacy-statement.htm
HomePRIVACY AND OUR COMMITMENT TO GDPR Updated December 01, 2018 This website has been fully developed and is owned by Siteseen Ltd, a UK based web-authoring company. Siteseen Ltd. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors and our compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has applied to organisations since 25 May 2018 and is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information of individuals. This website uses Session cookies to analyse how visitors interact with our website and improve its functionality. Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. Third Party Advertisers: Google Adsense, Infolinks and Conversant Media:We use third-party advertising companies; Google Adsense, Infolinks and Conversant Media, to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Please visit our Cookie Policy page for further information on the third-party advertisements served on this website. Google AnalyticsThis website uses a third party statistics service to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. This service is provided by Google Analytics who use cookies to track and monitor general visitor engagement and usage including their estimated general location, (not exact location, see IP Anomymization below) connection speed, length of time of site, pages visited, and the type of the device used to visit this website. For further information please refer to the following privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en IP AnomonymizationGoogle Analytics does not store your full IP address as this website uses (Internet Protocol) IP Anomonymization which forms part of its Google Analytics Tracking Codes. IP Anomonymization ensures that the full IP address of our users is never stored, hence the exact location of our users is not traceable. For a technical explanation of how Google Analytics anomymizes IP addresses, please visit: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en Users within the European Economic AreaUsers within the European Economic Area (EEA) may be served a combination of both personalised and non-personlised advertisements which allow the use of cookies, or other local storage, in order to serve personalised ads. Google Adsense may also use third-party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors and providers of sponsored content to set and access cookies on your computer. Users within the European Economic Area have the option to switch off personalised advertising and consequently be shown non-personalised advertisments only. Please visit our Cookie Policy page for further information and instructions on how to turn off personalised advertising. Users outside of the European Economic AreaUsers outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), may be served a combination of both personalised and non-personlised advertisements which allow the use of cookies, or other local storage, in order to serve personalised ads. Google Adsense may also use third-party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors and providers of sponsored content to set and access cookies on your computer. Non-personalised AdvertisingNon-personalised advertisements are ads that are not based on a user’s past behavior, this type of advertising is targeted using contextual information. Non-personalised advertisements only use cookies, or mobile ad identifiers, to allow for aggregated ad reporting, frequency capping and to help prevent fraud and abuse. Cookies, produced in relation to non-personalised advertising, do not record information against user identifiers for the purposes of personalised ads measurement or targeting. Advertisements served via GDN and DBM will only use contextual and placement targeting, based on the content of the web page being viewed. These ads may use IP addresses for very estimated level geo-targeting (city-level) and to prevent invalid activity. Non-personalised ads do not support third-party buyers or third-party ad tracking. Personalised AdvertisingPersonalised advertisements are based on previously collected or historical data, and current data, which may include a user's general location or past general location, previous search queries, activity, visits to sites or apps, and demographic information. Ad Technology ProvidersThis website uses third-party advertisements served via Google Adsense, Infolinks and Conversant Media. Please visit the following page to view a complete list of Ad Technology Providers: Ad Technology Providers (Vendor List) Social MediaThis website uses third-party social media sites to improve the experience of our users. Please visit our Cookie Policy for further information. Visit our Cookie Policy for more information about Cookies, IP Anomonymization, Opt-Out Provisions and Users within, and outside, the European Economic Area. Our Cookie Policy also explains the use of cookies via Google Analytics, Third Party Advertisers together with details about Personalised and Non-personalised Advertising, Ad Technology Providers and Social Media. You will not receive any communications from Siteseen Ltd unless requested. Contact InformationIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via the following email address: lindaka@btinternet.com