http://www.nebrwesleyan.edu/about-nwu/policies/online-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
About NWU
NWU Policies
Online Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Return to policies
Download PDF
Policy title:
Online Privacy Policy
Category:
Administration
Campus Communication
Information Technology
Marketing / Public Relations
Public Safety/Risk Management
Owner:
Marketing Department
Approved by:
Administrative Council
Purpose of this policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Nebraska Wesleyan University (NWU). Our priority is to safeguard the information you share with us.
Application of this policy
This policy applies to all users of Nebraska Wesleyan University's website and online information systems.
Policy statement
We Protect Your Contact Information
While using this website, you may choose to submit personal identifiable information through email or online forms. Personal information is defined as first name, last name, email address, home address, phone number, Social Security number, date of birth and any other personal identifiable information. We will use this information to process your request(s). However, we will not intentionally sell, share or distribute your personal information to third parties, except as required by law or university policy. We have implemented strict policies and procedures to ensure that your personal information is kept confidential such as Secure Socket Layers (SSL) and data encryption.
Preventing Identity Theft
Every effort is made to protect our site visitors from fraud. We will never initiate a request for sensitive information like your Social Security number, username, password or credit card information. If you receive an email that requests this type of sensitive information, you should be suspicious of it. We strongly suggest that you do not share your username or password with anyone, under any circumstances. If you receive a suspicious looking email, please forward it to webmaster [at] nebrwesleyan.edu.
Protecting Children Online
NWU feels that it is extremely important to guard the identity and privacy of children, and we encourage parents to supervise their children’s interactions online. We do not intentionally market to or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. For more information on the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), you can visit the Federal Trade Commission website.
Cookie Usage on NWU Website
A cookie is a small data file that a website can send to a browser which may then be stored on a computer. NWU, like many other websites, uses cookies to provide visitors with a tailored experience for consistency purposes. Cookies help a site remember a user’s previous visit or session. An example is when someone fills out an online form. A cookie is used to auto-fill forms with information that was used in previous forms.
NWU also uses cookies for remarketing and behavioral targeting. These services allow NWU and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this website by the user. This information is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
NWU does not use cookies to retrieve any data from a user’s hard drive, carry computer viruses or capture email.
Social Media Platforms
This website and its owners engage in communication, engagement and other actions through external social media platforms which are done in accordance with the privacy policies and other terms and conditions of the respective social media platforms.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and with caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms. We encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact us through primary communication channels such as by telephone or mail.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
University policies are subject to change. We encourage you to check back for updates from time to time. If you have additional questions about this privacy policy, you may contact:
webmaster [at] nebrwesleyan.edu (Eric Aspegren), Webmaster
5000 Saint Paul Avenue
Lincoln, NE 68504
Last revised:
August 31, 2018
Menu