https://www.hsdc.org/privacy-policy/
Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookiesOur Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected informationHearing, Speech & Deaf Center may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site.
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service.
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails.
We may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.
How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Electronic newslettersIf User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policyHearing, Speech & Deaf Center has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This policy was generated using www.PrivacyPolicies.com.
Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at info@hsdc.org.
This document was last updated on April 6, 2017.
Braden Painter, MA
Deaf Interpreter, ASL & Interpreting Services Specialist
Braden grew up in Frederick, Maryland and attended Maryland School for the Deaf. He has a bachelor’s in American Sign Language with a minor in Linguistics and a master’s in Interpretation from Gallaudet University.
In his spare time, he loves going out with friends, playing video games, and also has a huge affection for cats.
×Sam Sanders
Assistant Teacher
Sam grew up in Kansas, went east for college, then came back to Kansas and had a family. Eventually, his family ended up in the Pacific Northwest. Sam is very happy to be among forests and mountains. He enjoys smelling the refreshing breeze and the rain coming off the Sound.
Sam is excited to be part of Rosen Family Preschool. With an array of fun approaches, he hopes to encourage the creative force of play as a part of each child’s journey towards self-actualization. The kids of Rosen Preschool have already taught him a trick or two about creativity! He looks forward to seeing how each child grows.
×Beth Van Hollebeke, AuD
Audiologist
Beth was born and raised in the Seattle area. After achieving a Bachelor of Arts degree in Speech and Hearing Sciences at Washington State University, she went on to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to earn her Doctorate of Audiology. Beth enjoys working with patients of all ages and loves helping people find solutions to help them hear and communicate to the best of their abilities. In her free time, she enjoys baking, reading, and hiking.
×Shanell Brooks
Accounts Receivable Analyst
Shanell is an experienced Dental Administrator/Bookkeeper who decided to make the transition out of the dental field to join HSDC. She was born and raised in Seattle. After attending college at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, she moved back home to start a family and is now a mother of three.
When she is not immersed in her work, she spends her free time outdoors, exploring and going on adventures in nature with her children. She also enjoys DIY projects, “mommy and me” yoga, cooking, crossfit, and reading classic novels.
×Athina Maganzini, MS, CCC-SLP
Director of Speech, Speech-Language Pathologist
Athina earned her Bachelor’s of Arts in Speech-Language Pathology/Audiology, as well as her Master’s of Science in Speech-Language Pathology, from Loyola University Maryland in Baltimore, MD. Through her graduate studies and work experience, Athina has gained valuable knowledge working with children and adults with a wide variety of speech and language impairments. Athina’s personal clinical interests include early intervention, feeding disorders, and motor speech disorders.
Athina was born and raised on the east coast but is excited to call the Pacific Northwest her current home. In her spare time, Athina enjoys traveling to new countries, hiking, and cycling.
×Hayden Lambert, MS, CCC-SLP
Speech-Language Pathologist
Hayden was born and raised in Houston, Texas and earned his Bachelors of Science in Communication Sciences and Disorders at the University of Texas at Austin. He graduated from Vanderbilt University with his Masters of Science in Speech-Language Pathology. During his graduate studies, he worked with a wide variety of pediatric and adult clients in clinical, hospital, and school settings. He also completed the Hearing Loss Specialty Track, which gave him experience working with Deaf and hard of hearing children.
As a person who stutters, Hayden has a special interest in working with other children and adults who stutter. Outside of his clinical work, he leads the Seattle Adult Chapter of the National Stuttering Association.
×Joel Bergsbaken
Program Coordinator, North Sound
Joel has degrees in Rehabilitation Counseling/Deaf Studies and Linguistics and was a Graduate Research Fellow with the Gallaudet University Linguistics Department. He worked for years at the Arizona School for the Deaf and as a Rehabilitation Counselor for the Deaf with the Alaska Division of Vocational Rehabilitation. Joel also currently works as a Guardian ad Litem for Whatcom County Superior Court and volunteers as a mediator for the Whatcom Dispute Resolution Center. He brings a passion for collaboration and communication to his work.
In his spare time, Joel loves to run trails, swim lakes, road bike, and play music with friends. Joel appreciates all life has to offer, especially new challenges, the outdoors, and the simple pleasures of time with loved ones and great local food. Despite appearances he can easily eat twice as much as you…seriously.
×Ariele Belo
Director of Deaf & Hard of Hearing Services
Ariele is a Seattle native and an alumna of HSDC’s Parent-Infant Program. She received her Bachelor of Science in Leisure Studies and Recreation from California State University and a Contract Management Certificate from the University of Washington.
Since joining HSDC, she has graduated from Project LEAD (Leadership Effectiveness and Diversity), a United Way of King County program which “aims to increase the representation of people of color on nonprofit boards and in other positions of community leadership in King County.” Ariele has held the position of Director of Deaf & Hard of Hearing Services at HSDC for since 2002. She supervises program staff working in Seattle, Tacoma, and Bellingham.
×James “Dino” Christianson
Client Advocate, North Sound
Dino received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design at the College of Imagine Arts and Science, Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT). After he graduated in 2000, he searched for design jobs while working for Deaf Community Services of San Diego, Inc. Although he had no luck finding a design job, he ended up getting a promotion as a Client Advocate. In 2004, he moved to Washington State and became a Client Advocate at HSDC’s Bellingham office. He enjoys working with brave clients to achieve their challenging goals.
Dino is passionate about contributing his leadership to the Washington State Association of the Deaf (WSAD) and the Northwest Washington Community of the Deaf, being loyalty members of both organizations since 2005. He has also supported the Deaf Teen Leadership camp at Cispus Learning Center in Randle since 2009. He believes in Lily Tomlin’s quote: “I always wondered why somebody doesn’t do something about that. Then I realized I was that somebody.” Besides his community leadership, Dino cherishes his quality time with his two silly daughters and wonderful wife. He loves collecting comic books, coordinating Deaf events, and being a father and husband.
×Jena Floyd
Client Advocate, Puget Sound
Jena was born and raised on a farm in Kentucky. She attended Gallaudet University, where she earned BA in English and MA in Mental Health Counseling. After graduation, she worked in various fields for more than ten years, primarily in the nonprofit sector, with additional experience in education. Before working at HSDC’s Seattle office, she worked as a Program Coordinator/Lead Client Advocate at HSDC’s Tacoma office.
Jena strongly believes in the power of self-advocacy and empowerment in her work. During her spare time she enjoys hiking, reading books, and running her micro-business as an illustrator.
×Thu-Ha Le
Client Advocate, South Sound
Thu-Ha earned her associate’s degree at Tacoma Community College and then transferred to the University of Washington Tacoma where she received a bachelor’s degree in Psychology. She is profoundly deaf and has lived in Tacoma most of her life. She enjoys being involved in Deaf community activities as well as volunteering at several different organizations, such as Abused Deaf Women’s Advocacy Services (ADWAS) and Sound. In her spare time, she enjoys doing arts and crafts.
×Tash Hansen-Day
Client Advocate, South Sound
Tash joined HSDC Tacoma as a Client Advocate in the summer of 2018. They were born and raised in Seattle, and graduated from the University of Washington Disability Studies program. They have previously worked at the UW Disability and Deaf Culture Center, Bellevue College Disability Resource Center, and Camp Ten Trees. Before moving to HSDC Tacoma, they worked for two years as the Program Assistant for HSDC’s Deaf & Hard of Hearing Services in Seattle.
As a Client Advocate, Tash loves connecting people to resources and making sure local communities get the support they deserve. In their spare time, Tash loves dancing, cooking, and meeting other Deaf and hard of hearing people.
×Devin Myers
Client Advocate, Puget Sound
Devin is a proud Washingtonian with a moderate to severe hearing reduction. He is a graduate of the University of Washington with a bachelor’s in the Community, Environment, and Planning (CEP) program and Anthropology a minor in Environmental Studies. After graduation, Devin spent years working with the homeless population in Seattle, advocating for and supporting their needs. Devin has also been involved in the local Deaf and hard of hearing community by educating, advocating, and supporting others with hearing differences.
Devin enjoys running, reading, doing yoga, exploring the outdoors, refereeing basketball, and showing off his wonderful smile.
×Trish Ball, AuD, CCC-A
Audiologist
After growing up in Philadelphia, Trish earned bachelor’s degrees in Psychology and Speech and Hearing Sciences from George Washington University in Washington DC. She studied audiology at Vanderbilt University and earned her Doctor of Audiology degree in 2017.
Trish enjoys working with patients to achieve their communication goals and has a passion for hearing healthcare. In her spare time, she enjoys reading, running, and crafting. She is working on a goal to run a marathon in all 50 states.
×Savannah Hagwood, MA
Parent-Infant Specialist
Savannah Hagwood was born and raised in Charlotte, North Carolina with a Deaf mother, hearing father, and Deaf younger brother. She grew up using American Sign Language (ASL) and English. Savannah’s life and personal experiences led her to obtain her bachelor’s in Psychology at Gardner-Webb University. She became so fascinated with human interactions and behaviors that she then decided to attend Gallaudet University in Washington, DC for her master’s degree in Mental Health Counseling.
Savannah’s background has given her a wide variety of opportunities, such as Intern Therapist, Support Service Provider for the DeafBlind, Direct Support Professional for Developmental Disabilities, and Community Advocate for Eastern Washington. As a strong advocate of bilingual ASL/English deaf education, Savannah is very excited to be a part of the growing PIP and Rosen Preschool programs at HSDC.
During her free time, you’ll find Savannah spending time with her Deaf dog, at the gym, exploring (food and coffee!), traveling, and with friends.
×Gina Gallaway, NAD-IV
Director of Interpreting Services
Gina has been a sign language interpreter for over twenty years. She trained in Minnesota, but has been working on the West Coast for the majority of her career. After moving to Seattle, she specialized in medical and emergency medical interpreting before serving the community as an after-hours and on-call dispatcher and interpreter for more than ten years. Gina is excited to join HSDC Interpreting Services as the Program Manager. Her goal is to solidify HSDC’s ties with local freelance interpreters and to provide a superior level of service to the Deaf and hard of hearing community.
Gina is married to a long-time Seattle interpreter, and they have one son. In her free time, she enjoys cooking, knitting, and spending time with her family.
×Cassie Owens, MEd
Parent-Infant Specialist
Cassie was born and raised in the Puget Sound area. She received her undergraduate degree in American Sign Language Studies and graduate degree in Deaf and Hard of Hearing Education from Western Oregon University. After graduating, Cassie interned at Phoenix Day School for the Deaf in Phoenix, Arizona and Birney Elementary School in Tacoma, Washington. Both experiences showed her the benefits of a bilingual/bicultural approach to education for deaf and hard of hearing children.
Cassie is excited to support families and their deaf and hard of hearing children on their journeys. In her free time, she enjoys traveling, visiting family, and reading.
×Anna Dodd, MEd
Director of PIP, Parent-Infant Specialist
Anna was born and raised in the state of Montana. She received her undergraduate degree in social work and invested two semesters of post-baccalaureate studies in speech-language pathology before settling into her master’s in Deaf Education at Utah State University. During her graduate studies, Anna had the opportunity to intern for the New Mexico School for the Deaf as an Early Interventionist serving the community of Albuquerque and surrounding areas. Her teaching internship took her to the Louisiana School for the Deaf in Baton Rouge, where Anna taught a kindergarten classroom.
Both her studies and work experience have shown Anna the benefits and importance of teaching deaf and hard of hearing children, along with their families, using a bilingual/bicultural perspective. At HSDC, Anna is very excited to put her knowledge into action; working alongside parents in developing language plans that support accessibility in the home, supporting families in advocating for the rights of their deaf child, and most importantly, guiding families in creating meaningful and powerful relationships with their deaf child.
×Karen Philo-House, MEd
Parent-Infant Specialist
Karen’s association with HSDC started when she was a participant in the Parent-Infant Program as a toddler. These days, she’s the one supporting children and families impacted by hearing challenges! Karen’s fabulous communication skills, positive attitude, patience, flexibility, and listening skills make her an inspiration not just to the children she mentors, but to their families and her coworkers. As the only program in the Puget Sound to educate deaf, deafblind, and hard of hearing infants and toddlers with both American Sign Language and English, it was a no-brainer for her to join PIP!
The first in her family to hold a graduate degree, Karen has a BA in Psychology and an MA in Deaf Education, as well as extensive training from Gallaudet University on the bilingual/bicultural approach to deaf education. Outside the office, Karen travels extensively (she was even in Germany the day the Berlin Wall fell!), gardens, researches her family history, and volunteers in the DeafBlind community. And if you ever want to make her day, just show up with some black licorice—she lives for it!
×Nate Elliott
Lead Teacher, Rosen Preschool
Nate is a teacher with nine years of experience in Deaf Education under his belt. Before coming to Rosen, he worked at Madrona K-8 School in the Edmonds School District, and at Woodlands Elementary in the Central Kitsap School District.
When he isn’t in the classroom, Nate can be found snowboarding, hiking with his dogs, watching sports, or hanging out with his wife and children. Born to Deaf parents, Nate is Deaf and fluent in both English and American Sign Language (ASL). He grew up nearby on Bainbridge Island before moving to Irvine, CA for high school. After that, he attended Gallaudet University in Washington DC, where he received his Bachelor of Arts in English.
Nate is currently pursuing a master’s degree in Deaf Education. He is very enthusiastic about the benefits of bilingual education for Deaf students and is excited to see Rosen Family Preschool grow as he enters his fifth year of teaching at HSDC.
×Trista Smith
Interpreting Services Coordinator
Trista is a Puget Sound native and fifth generation Washingtonian. She graduated with honors from Western Oregon University, receiving a bachelor’s degree in ASL/English Interpreting. Trista has worked in interpreting services since 2008 and has served as an approved RID Certification Maintenance Program (CMP) Administrator and Licensed Test Administration (LTA) since 2010. As a CMP, Trista’s current goals are to provide, advertise, and expand Continuing Education Unit (CEU) opportunities for ASL interpreters and support events seeking RID CEU approval in partnership with HSDC. She has been committed to the service of HSDC’s interpreters and Deaf clients for nearly a decade.
Trista enjoys spending her free time with her family, reading a good book, sipping good wine or tea, and cycling.
×Pamela Grossman, MA
Director of Rosen Preschool
Pamela grew up in the New York area and became interested in ASL as a teenager when she volunteered in a nursery program with Deaf children. It was an interest that stayed with her throughout her life. She majored in Radio/Television/Film and Theatre education at Northwestern University to pursue a career as a teacher of theatre and video production. As a drama teacher, she produced a play with a Deaf character, bringing in a Deaf student and ASL interpreter to work on the show. It was a fantastic experience for Pamela and her students, inspiring her to pursue a master’s degree in Deaf Education and Theatre.
Pamela earned her MA in Deaf Education from Teachers College, Columbia University. In New York, she trained at the Lexington School for the Deaf and PS47, a public school that supports ASL and English. She’s worked at the New York School for the Deaf, St. Frances De Sales School for the Deaf, and for NYC Public Schools as a teacher in a self-contained D/HH classroom. She was involved with the Shared Reading Project and helped establish an English language program for Deaf Students at Bergen Community College in Paramus, New Jersey. She has also studied ASL interpreting and will soon complete an online Graduate Certificate program in Early Childhood ASL and English Bilingual Education through Gallaudet University.
Pamela has two teenage sons and lives in Redmond, Washington with her doting husband and tiny dogs. She is delighted to be adding Preschool Director to her current pursuits as a teacher, parent, and knitwear designer.
×Lindsay Klarman, MNPL, NIC-A
Executive Director
Hearing, Speech & Deaf Center appointed Lindsay Klarman as Executive Director in 2014 after an extensive search. Formerly an Outreach & Education Specialist at the University of Washington’s Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences (I-LABS), Lindsay conducted research at UW for 13 years in developmental cognitive science, as well as speech and hearing sciences. She is also a certified sign language interpreter, has a Master’s in Nonprofit Leadership from Seattle University, and has served on numerous nonprofit boards.
Lindsay is excited to lead HSDC and connect with the community in her leadership role.
×Jason Eastman
Grants & Communications Manager
Born and raised in Seattle, Jason has a bachelor’s in English Literature from the University of Washington. While learning American Sign Language, he began volunteering for HSDC’s Development Department, where he now works.
Jason has connected with the Deaf community at HSDC and learned the importance of working to make the world a better place. In his spare time, he enjoys reading, writing, and being active.
×Bryan Bullock
Facilities Manager
Bryan started out as a Billing Specialist at Hearing, Speech & Deaf Center and has now worked as Facilities Manager for over nine years. He enjoys his work taking care of reservations, preparing for events, and making sure the building is in good shape. He also enjoys traveling, reading, and spending time with friends and family.
×Buddy Elledge
Graphic Designer & Social Media Connector
Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Buddy moved to Seattle at the budding age of 12. He obtained his bachelor’s degree in graphic design in 2009 at the Art Institute of California in Santa Monica. In addition to his work at HSDC, Buddy works as a freelance graphic designer, partnering with several deaf-owned firms, including local organizations Deaf Spotlight
and deaffriendly.
When away from his desk, Buddy travels all over the world in search of new inspiration to feed his creative and curious spirit.
×Don Lawrence
Accountant
Don grew up in the Seattle area and earned a BA from the University of Washington. He has worked in finance for several local companies, including Nordstrom, where he spent time as an internal auditor and administered the online vendor compliance program. Upon completion of his CPA exams, Don worked with small business clients on accounting and tax issues, one of whom introduced him to Hearing, Speech & Deaf Center.
Outside of work, Don spends time with his wife and two young children and enjoys movies, food (both favorite restaurants and cooking), and the rare moments of quiet that let him read a good book. He looks forward to learning ASL, supporting Seattle’s Deaf community, and finishing his CPA credentialing while working at HSDC.
×Andrea Klarman
Executive Assistant
Andrea’s depth of administrative and project management experience benefits HSDC on many levels. She has worked in various industries, including recruiting, real estate, and technology, and she loves working to streamline processes and procedures in order to help organizations meet their goals. In recent years, she worked on a four-person team to create a robust new Enrichment program for Thornton Creek School. She also volunteers at Thornton Creek School’s Developmental Preschool.
Andrea enjoys spending time with her family, crocheting, metalsmithing, and following various nerdy pursuits. Ask her for a random bit of useless information!
×Carol Brown, MS
Director of Development
Carol has been engaged with the local Deaf and DeafBlind communities for many years, and has a high level of cultural understanding and competence that make her especially suited to working as Director of Development. She has over 25 years of experience in leadership and philanthropy, with a passion for creating nonprofit giving opportunities in order to change the social landscape.
Carol worked previously at the Deaf-Blind Service Center (DBSC) and Abused Deaf Women’s Advocacy Services (ADWAS). She looks forward to promoting the work of Hearing, Speech & Deaf Center!
×Takeshi Matsumoto
General Assistant
Takeshi was born in Tokyo, Japan and raised in Montvale, New Jersey. He has contributed a tremendous amount of his time working with children at twelve different Deaf schools and Deaf camps around the country.
Takeshi is a globetrotter who has traveled the world, including 49 states and 45 Deaf schools. His favorite country is Australia. He enjoys photography, traveling, sushi, and working with children.
×Annie Utley, MEd
Lead Teacher
Annie is Deaf and fluent in both American Sign Language (ASL) and English. Before joining Rosen Family Preschool and making the Pacific Northwest her permanent residence, she had 9 years of teaching experience at Texas School for the Deaf and California School for the Deaf – Riverside (CSDR).
Annie grew up in Southern California, eventually graduating from CSDR and attending Gallaudet University in Washington, DC for her Bachelor of Arts in English and Secondary Education. She continued her education at University of California – San Diego for her Master of Arts in Bilingual Education of ASL and English.
Outside of the classroom, Annie spends her time with her husband and dogs and cats. She also enjoys reading books, watching TV shows and movies, and doing yoga.
Annie is very thrilled to be a part of Rosen Family Preschool and looks forward to learning from the team and students!
×Diendra Thompson
Classroom Assistant
Diendra was born and raised in Central Florida, and has lived in Washington State for over ten years. During that time, she immersed herself in the Deaf and hard of hearing community in Washington as well as Central Florida. Diendra has also traveled to Thailand, where she supported Thai Deaf and hard of hearing children and learned Thai Sign Language.
Diendra is excited to join Rosen Family Preschool and looks forward to being a part of the growth and development for the students. She immensely enjoys art, photography, and travel, and hopes to bring these interests to Rosen Preschool.
×Brad Ingrao, AuD
Director of Audiology, Audiologist
Dr. Ingrao’s first exposure to hearing loss was with his uncle Angelo, a musician who lost his hearing. He first encountered Sign Language in sixth grade when a Deaf boy moved to his area and they rode the school bus together. He was re-introduced to ASL and the Deaf Community in college while performing in a play to take a break from his studies in computer science.
After becoming deeply involved in the local Deaf Community, Dr. Ingrao began studying to become a Teacher of the Deaf.
He also began working as a freelance interpreter. At the urging of the leaders of his Deaf Club, Brad changed career paths to become an audiologist. In 1991, Dr. Ingrao earned a master’s degree in Audiology.
While his son wears a hearing aid, Dr. Ingrao recognized early exposure to American Sign Language (ASL) was the most accessible option, and raised him in a Bilingual-Bicultural home.
Within the audiology profession, Dr. Ingrao is known as an early adopter of technologies, a computer geek, and an author and lecturer who makes complex topics understandable. He has maintained close contact with the Deaf Community wherever he lives.
×Bradley Veres
Classroom Assistant
Bradley was born and raised in New Jersey but has lived in several places, including Slovakia in Europe. He is multilingual, communicating in more than two languages with equal fluency. Bradley values arts and culture, and has tutored children in ASL and English. He is super excited to join Rosen Family Preschool, and looks forward to making an impact with the squad!
Bradley is new to Washington state, and he loves seeing new places and people. Outside work, he enjoys outdoor activities like hiking, swimming, and camping, and he is passionate about photography.
×Marcelle Wellington
Director of Finance & Administration
Marcelle has 25 years of experience in nonprofit leadership roles focusing on meaningful change, continual improvement, customer success, and making positive contributions to the community. She is committed to ensuring people are not excluded due to false perceptions and ideals.
×Bunny Grewal
Clinic Administrative Assistant
Bunny was born in India and raised in Illinois. She attended Rochester Institute of Technology, National Technical Institute for the Deaf and graduated with both an Associate’s in Administrative Support Technology and a Bachelor’s in Interdisciplinary Studies, with minors in Human Resources Management, Sociology, and Anthropology. She is an experienced expert in general administration and customer service duties.
In her spare time, Bunny enjoys trying different foods, exploring neighborhoods, family time, and traveling a little.
×