https://www.mylife.com/help
Home
Frequently Asked Questions
Need more Help? Click here
What is MyLife.com®?
Why do I have a listing on MyLife.com® if I never joined?
Does MyLife.com® have a Reputation Profile for everyone in the US?
How do I claim/take control of my Reputation Profile?
If I don't like a review posted on my Reputation Profile can I change or delete it?
Can I be sure that the email I sent via MyLife.com® was received?
Does MyLife allow me to run background reports?
Are people notified when I search for them on MyLife?
What is Who's Searching for You®?
I received an email that someone searched for me. Why can't I see who it is?
What is Public Record Remover®?
How do I know my records on other sites are actually removed?
How long does it take for profiles to be removed from the outside website that I cannot control?
How can I have my Reputation Profile removed?
Why can't I validate my email address?
Why can't I log in?
I forgot my username and password.
What types of payments does MyLife.com® accept?
How do I cancel my MyLife Premium Membership?
How am I billed?
Why was I billed for another term?
How can I stop email notifications from MyLife.com®?
I clicked "unsubscribe." Why am I still being billed?
How do I contact Customer Care?
1. What is MyLife.com®?
MyLife.com® is the leading reputation platform helping people understand and improve their online reputation, and in doing so, better their lives personally and professionally. Providing proprietary Reputation Profiles and Reputation Scores for more than 325 million individuals in the U.S., MyLife allows users to protect themselves and their families by learning the truth about people they meet, especially online, in marketplaces and on dating sites. Back to top
2. Why do I have a listing on MyLife.com® if I never joined?
The information in your MyLife.com® Reputation Profile, including photographs, is gathered from a variety of public records and other sources similar to what you might find in a Google search. Back to top
3. Does MyLife.com® have a Reputation Profile for everyone in the US?
MyLife.com® currently has over 325 million Reputation Profiles with information about almost everyone in America, 18 years old and over. You can use MyLife.com® as a valuable resource to learn about anyone you meet online, especially on dating sites and in online marketplaces, to help prevent becoming the victim of fraud, or worse. You can search to find information on anyone. Information on MyLife can NOT be used in employment, credit, housing or any transactions where the Fair Credit Reporting Act is involved Use MyLife.com® to connect with old friends, family members, colleagues, classmates, and others through a simple search. And search for yourself to see what people finds about you online. Back to top
4. How do I claim/take control of my Reputation Profile?
Registering as a free member allows you to claim your Reputation Profile. Registered members receive some basic control of their claimed Reputation Profile. Join as a premium member for increased control and access. To register for free or join as a premium member Click here. Back to top
5. If I don't like a review posted on my Reputation Profile can I change or delete it?
Premium members can delete anonymous reviews. If you receive other reviews you do not want or agree with we encourage you to contact the person who posted the review and ask for changes or a deletion. For blatantly malicious or offensive reviews contact customer care who will refer the issue to our experts who will determine if the review is valid or not. MyLife.com® Customer Care representatives toll-free at 888-466-1066. Our agents are available Mon-Fri: 6am – 7pm PST and Sat-Sun: 6am – 5pm. Back to top
6. Can I be sure that the email I sent via MyLife.com® was received?
You can be sure the email is sent. When you send a message to another member through the MyLife email system, a notification email is sent to the recipient's registered email address, informing them that a new message is waiting for them in their MyLife inbox. But like most email systems there is no notification as to if the email is read. If there is no email address for the recipient, the message will remain attached to the recipients Reputation Profile. Back to top
7. Does MyLife allow me to run background reports?
Yes, with a premium membership. The proprietary MyLife Reputation Profile is a background report and includes additional information not found on standard background reports, such as a Reputation Score and personal reviews. MyLife Reputation Profiles can NOT be  used in employment, credit, housing or any transactions where the Fair Credit Reporting Act is involved. Back to top
8. Are people notified when I search for them on MyLife?
If you search for someone or look at someone’s Reputation Profile the person can see only basic information: gender, age, and city of the person who searched for them. Back to top
9. What is Who's Searching for You®?
When another MyLife member searches for you a Who's Searching for You® alert is activated. You will be told basic information about the person: gender, age, and city. This service is available to all members. Back to top
10. I received an email that someone searched for me. Why can't I see who it is?
If you received an alert that someone searched for you, then someone on MyLife has conducted a search for and you'll be able to view basic information such as the gender, age range, and city of the person who searched for you. Back to top
11. What is Public Record Remover®?
This service shows you other websites that are exposing your personal information online, putting you at risk of identity theft. With a MyLife Premium Membership, Public Record Remover helps make it possible to have your information removed from these third party websites with a single click. Back to top
12. How do I know my records on other sites are actually removed?
On your Reputation Profile Dashboard there is a status section for removals. Once you click to have a record removed, the status of the record will change to “Pending Removal.” After the record has been removed the status changes to “Removal Completed” along with the date of removal. Back to top
13. How long does it take for profiles to be removed from the outside website that I cannot control?
MyLife sends these third party website an automated request demanding they remove your information. It may take up to 30 business days, or longer, for your public listing to be removed from these other third party websites. The third party websites listed are not affiliated with MyLife and they are under no obligation to remove information. With a Premium Membership, Mylife will solicit removal from these websites on your behalf. Back to top
14. How can I have my Reputation Profile removed?
You can have your Reputation Profile removed after providing identity verification. We do not honor third party removal requests. The owner of the profile has to directly request removal through MyLife.com®. To begin that process, you must be a registered member and logged in. Click here to begin. Back to top
15. Why can't I validate my email address?
It might indicate that the validation email, sent at the time of account setup, could not be delivered. Or that your Internet Service Provider (ISP) is blocking emails from MyLife. Please add mylife@mail.mylife-inc.com to your address book to avoid missing important emails. This can also be resolved by applying an alternate, valid email address on your MyLife account. Back to top
16. Why can't I log in?
In order to provide you with the best assistance, please review these common solutions.
Did you forget your username and password? If you have forgotten your username or password, please click here: http://www.MyLife.com/forgotUsername.pub
Are you using the same email address? For privacy reasons, we cannot update your email address unless you can confirm the address currently listed in your Reputation Profile. If you have forgotten your username and password or email address on your account, please contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 for additional help.
Is your username and password combination invalid? Make sure everything is spelled correctly. Do not insert an empty space after your username or password. If both are typed correctly, your account might be inactive.
Did you confirm your personal email address by responding to our validation email? To ensure that you have ownership of the email on file for your MyLife.com® account, you must confirm the validation email that MyLife.com® sends to your inbox. Some Internet Service Providers (ISPs) – such as NetZero, Juno, OptOnline, and Bellsouth – might be blocking this email. Your anti-spyware or Internet browser settings might also be doing the same.
Are cookies turned off in your browser? Verify that your browser settings and any other security software allow cookies to be saved. The cookie carries your login information.
Are you accessing MyLife.com® through a personal or corporate firewall?
Corporate firewalls may be set to block cookies, so no matter how you configure your computer, you may still not have full access to MyLife.com®.
Personal firewalls can usually be set to various security levels, where you can control the settings.
Check the help section in your personal firewall for instructions.
Try logging in from another computer that does not have the same security protection; if it works, then the account is working properly and it is a security setting causing the problem.
Customer Care representatives are available to help resolve your login issue. Back to top
17. I forgot my username and password.
If you have forgotten your username or password, please click here: http://www.MyLife.com/forgotUsername.pub Back to top
18. What types of payments does MyLife.com® accept?
We accept most major credit and debit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express, as well as PayPal. Check or money order payments can be made payable to MyLife.com®.
Mail the payment to:
MyLife.com
907 Westwood Blvd. #359
Los Angeles, CA 90024-2905
Please include the following information with your check or money order:
The email address associated with your MyLife.com® account.
A phone number where you can be reached.
Back to top
19. How do I cancel my MyLife Premium Membership?
A MyLife.com® Customer Care representative will be happy to help you cancel your membership. Call them toll-free at 888-466-1066 or by sending an inquiry to support@mylife.com. Our agents are available Mon-Fri: 6am – 7pm PST and Sat-Sun: 6am – 5pm. You also have the flexibility to cancel your subscription by disabling your automatic renewal. Once this feature is disabled, you can enjoy your premium benefits until the term expires. If you would like to disable your automatic renewal, please visit your My Account section or a Customer Care representative can help you with this too.
Note: If you paid for your premium membership with PayPal and wish to cancel, you will also need to contact PayPal to disable their billing process and ensure no future charges. Please contact PayPal Customer Service at 888-221-1161 for additional assistance. Back to top
20. How am I billed?
All premium MyLife.com® memberships are billed up-front to guarantee uninterrupted service throughout the selected term. All memberships are set to automatically renew at the end of their term. Contact MyLife.com® Customer Care to cancel. Back to top
21. Why was I billed for another term?
To ensure uninterrupted service, all MyLife.com® subscriptions are set to automatically renew at the end of each term. The billing terms and automatic renewal details are shown on the purchase page. If you would prefer not to automatically renew, please contact MyLife.com® Customer Care.
PayPal: If you paid for your subscription with PayPal and wish to cancel, you will also need to contact PayPal Customer Service at 888-221-1161to disable their billing process and ensure no future charges. Back to top
22. How can I stop email notifications from MyLife.com®?
MyLife.com® offers you the flexibility to unsubscribe from email notifications by changing your email settings in your MyLife.com® account. Log into MyLife.com®, access My Account, click the link "Email Notification Settings", and specify the types of emails you'd like to receive or unsubscribe from all email notifications. Back to top
23. I clicked "unsubscribe." Why am I still being billed?
MyLife.com® offers you the flexibility to unsubscribe from email notifications by changing your email settings in your MyLife.com® account. However, unsubscribing from emails does not turn off automatic billing renewals on your subscribed premium membership. If you would like to disable your automatic renewal, please contact MyLife.com® Customer Care. Back to top
24. How do I contact Customer Care?
Please contact our MyLife.com® Customer Care representatives toll-free at 888-466-1066 or by sending an inquiry to support@mylife.com. Our agents are available Mon-Fri: 6am – 7pm PST and Sat-Sun: 6am – 5pm. Back to top
* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
Do Not Sell My Info