http://www.cui.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Search
Toggle navigation
Concordia University Irvine
Academics
Overview
Undergraduate
Graduate
Online
Nursing
Admissions
Overview
Undergraduate
Graduate
International
Transfer
Veterans
About CUI
Athletics
Student Life
The Arts
Giving
MyCUI
MyCUI
Blackboard
MyRecords
Eagles Email
Faculty/Staff Email
Privacy Policy
Concordia University Irvine is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Concordia University Irvine Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Concordia University Irvine website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Concordia University Irvine collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Concordia University Irvine also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Concordia University Irvine. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Concordia University Irvine for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Concordia University Irvine Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Concordia University Irvine public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Concordia University Irvine encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Concordia University Irvine so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Concordia University Irvine is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Concordia University Irvine and Concordia University Irvine family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Concordia University Irvine collects and uses your personal information to operate the Concordia University Irvine Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Concordia University Irvine also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Concordia University Irvine and its affiliates. Concordia University Irvine may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Concordia University Irvine does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Concordia University Irvine may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Concordia University Irvine may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Concordia University Irvine, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Concordia University Irvine does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent, except where allowed and/or required by law for compliance with state and federal reporting.
Concordia University Irvine keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Concordia University Irvine, in order to determine what Concordia University Irvine services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Concordia University Irvine to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Concordia University Irvine Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Concordia University Irvine or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Concordia University Irvine; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Concordia University Irvine, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Concordia University Irvine Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Concordia University Irvine pages, or register with Concordia University Irvine site or services, a cookie helps Concordia University Irvine to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Concordia University Irvine Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Concordia University Irvine features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Concordia University Irvine services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Concordia University Irvine secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Concordia University Irvine secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Concordia University Irvine will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Concordia University Irvine encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Concordia University Irvine is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Concordia University Irvine welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Concordia University Irvine has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Concordia University Irvine at webteam@cui.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Connect
Student Events Calendar
Get Here!
Apply Now
Request Info
Schedule a Visit
Contact Us
Make a Deposit
Resources
Campus Map
Employment
MyCUI
Parents
Pay Tuition Online
Press Room
Sitemap
Veterans Resource Center
Services
Academic Advising
Bursar's Office
Campus Safety
Financial Aid
Library
Marketing & Communications
Registrar
University Services
Concordia University Irvine is a U.S. News Top Tier Regional University and has been named by The Chronicle of Higher Education as one of the fastest growing private nonprofit master's institutions. CUI serves nearly 4,000 students annually.
© 1998-2020 Concordia University IrvinePrivacy Policy | Terms of Use | Accessibility
Concordia University Irvine1530 Concordia WestIrvine, CA, USA 92612
(949) 854-8002admissions@cui.edu
Back to Top