http://www.mountcarmel.net/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Our Privacy Policy
Mount Carmel Bible College does not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Forms, Donations, and Emails
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form (such as an event registration) that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about Mount Carmel Bible College events that may be of interest.
We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won't share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through our contact form (mountcarmel.net/contact). You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through this contact form.