http://www.leeds-art.ac.uk/privacy/
Privacy
You are here:
Home
Privacy
All personal data that the University holds about individuals will be held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. Further information relating to the Act is available from www.ico.org.uk Under the terms of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and GDPR you may request a copy of any information that we hold about you. Where you are asked to provide information the University will only use this information for the purpose that it was gathered. It will not be passed to any third party and will not be used for any other purpose without your prior agreement or a legal basis. If you agree to receive information from us it is on the understanding that you can opt out at any time in the future. If you believe you have opted out but are still receiving information from us then please contact marketing@leeds-art.ac.uk who will ensure you are removed from any mailing lists that we hold.
Please see our privacy notices:
Students & Prospective Students Data Privacy Notice
Alumni Data Privacy Notice
Events & Exhibitions Data Privacy Notice
Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your IP address, browser type, operating system and access times. This information only relates to the computer you are using and we cannot gather any personal details about you from this information. Read our Cookie Policy
Should you have any queries or concerns about the privacy of data that you have provided then please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@leeds-art.ac.uk with details of your concern.
Tweets by @LeedsArtsUni
Register for Updates
Sign up to stay up-to-date with courses, events and exhibitions at Leeds Arts University
ORDER A PROSPECTUS
If you would like a printed copy of our prospectus posting to you click here
X
This site uses cookies to improve your experience, track the performance of the site and serve targeted advertising. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use the site. To find out more and how to change your cookie settings visit our Cookie Policy.