https://www.franshalsmuseum.nl/en/terms/
Repainting artworks
Frans Hals uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse how visitors use our website, to enable content sharing on social media and to tailor site content and advertising to your preferences. Such cookies are also set by third parties. By clicking ‘I accept’, you consent to this. See our cookie settings for a description of the cookies for which we ask your consent.
Functional cookies
Functional and marketing cookies
Accept
Calendar
See what’s going on today
10 Oct 2020 - 10 Jan 2021
Exhibition
May it just be beautiful?
Haarlem Impressionists and Realists
Location Hal
08 Mar 2019 - 01 Jul 2022
Exhibition
Haarlem Heroes. Other Masters
Location Hof
19 Sep 2020 - 01 Jul 2022
Exhibition
Frans Hals – All civic guard pieces
One master, six civic guard pieces, one exhibition…
Location Hof
23 Mar 2013 - 01 Jan 2023
Exhibition
The Hals Phenomenon
A Glimpse into the Fascinating World of Frans…
Location Hof
Your trip
Looks like you’ll have fun!
I would love
more suggestions !
My trip details
Just tell us who you are!
I am adventureous
I am with kids
I am everything at once
I am in love
I am an expert
I am in doubt
Or do a regular search
suggestions
Locations And hours
One museum two locations
HOF
Groot Heiligland 62
2011 ES Haarlem
Opening hours
HAL
Grote Markt 16
2011 RD Haarlem
Opening hours
Tuesday - Saturday
11 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Sundays
noon - 5 p.m.
Our opening hours
We are waiting for you!
Open Today!
Tuesday - Saturday
11 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Sundays
noon - 5 p.m.
special holiday hours
Terms
Terms
Terms
General Visitor Terms and Conditions Stichting (Foundation) Frans Hals Museum
Read our privacy statement here.
1 General provisions: Definitions
1.1 The Frans Hals Museum Hof: a museum established at 62 Groot Heiligland in Haarlem. Its purpose is to make the life and work of Frans Hals and the art of his time accessible to as many people as possible in order to enrich their lives and inspire them. Frans Hals Museum Hal: a museum established at 16 Grote Markt in Haarlem, where the collection of modern and contemporary art of Stichting Frans Hals Museum is displayed.
1.2 The building: the areas open to the public in the Frans Hals Museum at 62 Groot Heiligland in Haarlem and in Frans Hals Museum Hal at 16 Grote Markt. These are areas inside or outside buildings that come under the legal capacity or power of administration of the management, including but not limited to exhibition galleries, auditoriums and meeting rooms, restaurant, coffee shop, terrace, garden, park, and other outside areas.
1.3 Visitor: anyone who enters the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal to view an exhibition or to attend a reception, conference, lecture or similar meeting in the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal to which they have been invited.
1.4 Entrance ticket: a ticket that provides the visitor with access to the exhibition areas in the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal during normal opening hours.
1.5 Admission document: an entrance ticket (with or without discount card) or a comparable document (such as a written invitation, voucher, annual pass) that provides access to one or more areas, possibly specified, in the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal.
1.6 Goods: all goods, including cash, cash equivalents and negotiable instruments.
1.7 Officials of the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal: all natural persons who work in and around the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal on the instructions of Stichting Frans Hals Museum.
1.8 Agreement: the agreement that the visitor enters into by purchasing an entrance ticket to the Frans Hals Museum, to which these general visitor terms and conditions apply.
2 Applicability
2.1 The terms and conditions apply to all visitors to the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal and also to all natural persons and/or legal entities that Stichting Frans Hals Museum makes use of or has made use of in regard to its purpose.
2.2 These terms and conditions also apply to special activities that are outside regular opening hours and/or aimed at others besides normal visitors, in the case of exclusive receptions.
2.3 Departures from these terms and conditions are only valid if they have been agreed expressly and in writing.
3 Access to the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal
3.1 A visitor is only entitled to enter the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal upon presentation of a valid admission document.
3.2 A visitor is refused access or further access to the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal if it becomes evident that the admission document was not issued by the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal or a body authorized to that end by the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal.
3.3 A visitor will show the admission document to officials of Stichting Frans Hals Museum when requested. In the event of failure to do so, Stichting Frans Hals Museum may refuse the visitor access to the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal.
3.4 A visitor receives no refund of the price of admission in the event of loss or theft of the admission document/ entrance ticket before he/she has entered the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal.
3.5 An entrance ticket purchased beforehand becomes invalid solely by virtue of the expiry of the time stated on the entrance ticket.
3.6 An admission document/entrance ticket may not be exchanged.
3.7 Stichting Frans Hals Museum is entitled to alter the regular opening hours because of incidental exercises connected with emergency response (article 23 of the Working Conditions (Arbo) Act) or, in the case of a real emergency, because of the partial or complete evacuation of the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal as deemed necessary. Such an alteration to the regular opening hours creates no rights to a refund of any price of admission that has been paid.
4 Stay in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal
4.1 A visitor’s stay in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal is at the visitor’s own risk and expense.
4.2 During the stay in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal, a visitor will behave in accordance with the safety rules, public order, and other valid rules relating to visiting museums. A visitor is furthermore obliged to immediately obey any directions and instructions given by officials of the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal who are recognizable as such. If, in the opinion of an official, a visitor is acting in any way whatsoever in conflict with these rules, standards, directions and instructions, he or she may be refused further access to the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal without the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal being obliged to compensate for any loss.
4.3 Visitors are not permitted to take in bags, backpacks, umbrellas or baby backpacks, or to carry other large items. Visitors must hang up or place any items up to the size of an A4 bag away in a locker in the cloakroom. The Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal may refuse to keep larger items. The Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal accept no responsibility for damage to or loss of goods handed in by visitors for safekeeping.
4.4 A visitor is liable for any damage done by an item (of this kind) that he or she has taken into the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal contrary to the provisions of paragraph 4.3.
4.5 The Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal are entitled to refuse a visitor access to the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal permanently or for a specified period of time if that visitor has damaged an object as a result of negligence, gross negligence and/or intent during one or more previous visits to the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal or to other museums, or if there is justified fear on other grounds of damage being done by the visitor. The Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal may in any event subject this visitor during all his or her visits to the measures referred to in paragraph 6 of this article. The visitor is notified immediately of the decision to refuse access, if possible in writing.
4.6 In the event of an emergency, for example the sudden disappearance of a work of art, a terrorist attack or violence of some other kind, the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal are entitled to close the doors and then escort the visitors who are present outside one by one. A visitor may then be asked to cooperate in a search of bags and such like by or on behalf of the staff of the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal. A visitor may also be asked to give permission for a body search. A visitor who refuses to cooperate in a bag search or body search will be requested to produce proof of identity before he or she leaves the Frans Hals Museum or Frans Hals Museum Hal.
5 Code of conduct
5.1 a A visitor to the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal will: a not offer for sale or supply at no cost goods of any kind whatsoever to third parties;
b impede other visitors, including but not limited to obstructing their view of exhibited objects or by causing excessive noise (including mobile telephones and other audio equipment);
c not take in animals or pets, except in areas where this is explicitly permitted or in the case of a guide dog;
d not smoke;
e not consume food, except in the café/restaurant and garden;
f not touch any exhibited objects, unless this is expressly and explicitly permitted; parents or teachers or guides must make every effort to ensure that exhibited objects are not touched by the minors, individuals or groups they are taking with them or accompanying or guiding. Children under the age of 12 may only visit the museum if they are accompanied by an adult;
g not take photographs or make video recordings or films without prior written permission from the Frans Hals Museum or Frans Hals Museum Hal;
h not draw or paint without prior written permission from the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal. Visitors who want to do so should go to the reception desk.
5.2 Parents or teachers or guides are responsible and accountable at all times for the behaviour of the minors, individuals or groups they are taking with them or accompanying or guiding.
5.3 Photographs taken or video recordings made or film taken in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal may not be used for commercial purposes or duplicated without express written permission from the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal, in which case an appropriate list of rates will apply.
6 Refund
6.1 The following circumstances will never lead to any obligation to refund money paid or pay other compensation by the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal to a visitor:
a objects from the permanent collection of the Frans Hals Museum or Frans Hals Museum Hal not being on display;
b the partial closure of the Frans Hals Museum Hof or Frans Hals Museum Hal, including but not limited to partial closure as a result of setting up or dismantling exhibitions;
c nuisance or inconvenience caused by other visitors, including but not limited to excessive noise, inappropriate behaviour (including molestation) and theft;
d loss caused by other visitors;
e nuisance or inconvenience caused by maintenance work, including but not limited to alterations to or the preparation of areas;
f nuisance or inconvenience caused by the failure of the facilities in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal perform properly.
7 Liability
7.1 Stichting Frans Hals Museum is only liable for loss that a visitor sustains as a direct result of gross negligence or intent by Stichting Frans Hals Museum and
a up to a maximum of the sum paid by the insurer of Stichting Frans Hals Museum to Stichting Frans Hals Museum in regard to the loss, or
b the compensation paid to Stichting Frans Hals Museum by a third party in regard to the loss.
7.2 In the event of loss in the form of death or bodily injury, the total liability of Stichting Frans Hals Museum Hof |Frans Hals Museum Hal will not in any circumstances be more than the amount under the arrangement for compensation described in paragraph 1 of this article 7.
7.3 Liability of Stichting Frans Hals Museum for indirect loss, including consequential loss, loss of profit or pay, missed savings etc., is out of the question at all times.
7.4 Stichting Frans Hals Museum is never liable for any direct or indirect loss whatsoever sustained as a direct or indirect result of any deficiency, any quality or circumstance in or on any immovable property of which Stichting Frans Hals Museum is the custodian, leaseholder, tenant or owner or is available to Stichting Frans Hals Museum in some other way, unless and in so far as the loss is the direct consequence of intent or gross negligence by Stichting Frans Hals Museum and/or its employees.
7.5 If Stichting Frans Hals Museum receives goods or if goods are deposited, kept and/or left behind in whatsoever way by whomsoever and wherever without Stichting Frans Hals Museum stipulating any payment in this regard, Stichting Frans Hals Museum will never be liable for damage to or loss connected with goods that is sustained in whatsoever way unless Stichting Frans Hals Museum has caused damage with intent or the loss is the direct consequence of gross negligence by Stichting Frans Hals Museum.
8 Force majeure
8.1 As far as Stichting Frans Hals Museum is concerned, force majeure is any foreseeable or unforeseeable circumstance that makes fulfilment of the agreement by Stichting Frans Hals Museum so difficult that fulfilment of the agreement is made impossible or problematic temporarily or permanently, with the result that any shortcoming caused by this cannot be attributed to Stichting Frans Hals Museum.
8.2 Such circumstances also include circumstances relating to people and/or services and/or institutions that Stichting Frans Hals Museum wants to make use of in the execution of the visit agreement, as well as everything that applies to the aforesaid as force majeure or as a suspensive or resolutive condition, and also as an attributable shortcoming of the aforesaid.
9 Lost property
9.1 Lost property found by a visitor in the Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal can be given to an employee or handed in at the reception desk of the Frans Hals Museum or Frans Hals Museum Hal.
9.2 The Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal will keep lost property and, in the case of valuable items, hand them over to the Haarlem police.
9.3 If the apparent owner of an item of lost property gets in touch, he or she may collect the goods in person or have them sent cash on delivery. In both cases the owner must be able to convincingly establish his or her identity. If Stichting Frans Hals Museum has doubts about the status of the apparent owner, Stichting Frans Hals Museum is entitled to demand proof of ownership.
10 Complaints procedure
10.1 Stichting Frans Hals Museum will do everything possible to facilitate visits to the museum complex or the exhibitions and activities organized by it in accordance with the published programme. This also includes the obligation to inform the general public as well as possible about the entire, partial or premature closure of the museum complex and/or exhibitions organized by Stichting Frans Hals Museum. A visitor can never claim a right to compensation in regard to this.
10.2 In the event of a complaint, a visitor can make it known by filling in a form intended for the purpose that can be obtained from the reception desk in the Frans Hals Museum and Frans Hals Museum Hal or by sending an email to meet@franshalsmuseum.nl
10.3 The visitor’s complaint will be investigated and a written answer will be sent within 30 days. If the investigation has not yet been completed by then, the complainant will be informed and the expected completion date will also be given.
10.4 Complaints about requests for recovery in regard to the agreement between Stichting Frans Hals Museum and the visitor must reach Stichting Frans Hals Museum in writing within six weeks after the visit took place. Complaints and requests and claims for compensation that are submitted after this period will not be handled. A complaint form is available with these visitor terms and conditions.
11 Other terms and conditions and applicable law
11.1 The applicability of these General Visitor Terms and Conditions does not affect the possible applicability of other contractual conditions and/or regulations of Stichting Frans Hals Museum.
11.2 These General Visitor Terms and Conditions and the agreement between the visitor and Stichting Frans Hals Museum are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the law of the Netherlands. Disputes that arise out of the agreement between the visitor and Stichting Frans Hals Museum will be submitted to the competent court in Haarlem.
Stichting Frans Hals Museum,
Haarlem, The Netherlands
Ann Demeester, Director
These visitor terms of Frans Hals Museum Hof and Frans Hals Museum Hal are established by the director and deposited on the 15th of august 2012 under the number 34 30 32 31 at the Chamber of Commerce in Haarlem, The Netherlands.
Game 3 of 3
Meet your artist
Meet your artist
Meet your artist
Find your artistic match!
Start liking
Dislike
Frans Hals
Koos Breukel
Jan van Scorel
Guido van der Werve
Maerten van Heemskerck
Like
Drag & drop if you like
or dislike it
Go on! Drag me around!
Are you sure?!
I don't like him aswell
He doesn't like you I'm afraid
It's a match!
It's a match!
It's a match!
You and
have liked each other.
Meet at Frans Hals!
No matches!
No matches!
No matches!
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
Play again
Game 1 of 3
Art roulette
Art roulette
Art roulette
Spin to win
Start spinning
lock
lock
Game 2 of 3
GIF me Frans
GIF me Frans
GIF me Frans
And gif him now!
Start watching