http://www.lccc.cc.wy.us/privacy.aspx
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overview
Your privacy is important to Laramie County Community College. Our policy is to protect
the privacy and confidentiality of individuals accessing our website. This privacy
statement describes what information we collect and how that information is protected
and used. This privacy statement applies only to United States visitors to the Laramie
County Community College website.
Information Gathered Automatically and Its Use
When you access the Laramie County Community College website, we automatically collect
certain information, such as the type and identity of the Internet service provider
you are using, the time spent on the website, and the country from which you access
the website. We also gather your IP address. An IP address is a number assigned to
your computer for accessing the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet
is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and
communicate with each other. We do not link IP addresses to anything personal. This
means that user sessions are tracked, but the users remain anonymous. The IP address
is used to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website by
identifying the parts of our website that are most heavily used and the portion of
our website audience coming from within the LCCC network. We use the information gathered
automatically, as described above, for internal purposes, such as to tailor website
content to user needs and generate aggregate statistical reports. At no time do we
disclose site usage by individual IP addresses. Web server logs are retained on a
temporary basis and then deleted completely from our systems. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify any visitors who refuse
to comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use, and to identify visitors who threaten
our service, site, customers or others.
Information Supplied by Users
On some pages within our website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal
information before accessing specific pages or as a requirement to receive certain
information by mail or e-mail. For example, persons requesting admissions materials
will be asked to provide a name and mailing address and persons interested in pursuing
career opportunities at LCCC may be asked to provide contact and resume information.
This information may be used by us to contact you directly in order to respond to
your requests; however, you will always be given an opportunity to opt out of any
of our direct marketing activities.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Laramie County Community College will not license, sell or provide your personal information
to any third party except as described herein, or with your consent. We may use service
providers to carry out certain activities on our behalf, such as some of our online
alumni services. These service providers are granted access to the personal information
necessary to enable them to do their job but do not use or disclose the information
for any other purpose. We may also disclose specific information when we determine
that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the interests
or safety of LCCC, our visitors or others.
Other Links
The Laramie County Community College website may contain destination links to other
independently run website for LCCC student groups or organizations, and to some third
party sites outside the "lccc.wy.edu" domain. Laramie County Community College is
not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. These destination
links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your
own risk. Any information you reveal on any such site is not subject to this Privacy
Statement. Therefore, you should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit.
However, we wish to ensure the integrity of our website and its destination links,
so any comments pertaining to any sites accessed through destination links on our
website are greatly appreciated. Please send your comments or complaints regarding
independently run websites accessible by these destination links to Laramie County
Community College at webFREELARAMIE.
Security
Laramie County Community College treats your personal information as an asset that
must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. This website has information
security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information
under our control. We restrict access to our data center and server rooms to authorized
personnel and limit access to personal information to those employees who have a legitimate
business need to access such information. Despite these security measures, we do not
represent or warrant that personal information will be protected against loss, misuse
or alteration by third parties.
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
We may change this website privacy statement at any time by posting revisions to our
website. Your use of the website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this
website privacy statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes
acceptance of each revised website privacy statement. If you do not agree to the terms
of this website privacy statement or any revised statement, then please exit the website
immediately.
Accessibility
Laramie County Community College designed its website to be compliant with the accessibility
standards of both Section 508 of the Disabilities Act and the World Wide Web Consortium
(W3C). We strive to keep the site compliant. If you experience any problems with accessibility,
please contact webFREELARAMIE.
Contacting the Webmaster
If you have any questions about this Web Site Privacy Statement, your personal information,
the practices of this website, or your interaction with this website, contact: Laramie
County Community College Office of Public Relations, 1400 E. College Drive, Cheyenne,
WY 82007, 307.778.1210, webFREELARAMIE
©