https://www.dictionaryproject.org/privacy-policy/
Last Updated: May 20, 2020
Download this privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the information you share with us. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) will help you understand how we collect and use personal information from those who visit our website, what we will and will not do with the information that we collect, and your rights with respect to the use and disclosure of your information. Our Policy has been designed and created to ensure you of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet, but to exceed, most existing privacy standards. If you have any questions about this Policy, you may contact us at the email address or regular mailing address provided in the Contacting Us section of this Policy.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. If at any point in time The Dictionary Project decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user(s) shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
This Policy applies to The Dictionary Project, and it governs any and all data collection and usage by us. Through the use of www.dictionaryproject.org, you are therefore consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy.
Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that The Dictionary Project does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which websites garner, make use of and share the information collected.
Specifically, this Policy will inform you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our website;Why we collect personally identifiable information and the legal basis for such collection;How we use the collected information and with whom it may be shared;What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; andThe security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, billing and/or credit card information, etc. which may be used when you purchase products and/or services or make a donation, and to deliver the services you have requested, or other details to help you with your experience.
Please rest assured that his site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide to us by way of surveys, orders and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested, and any additional uses specifically provided for by the Policy.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use such information in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To improve our website in order to better serve you.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosures
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Retention of Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Dictionary Project’s website at www.dictionaryproject.org, is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue our unsubscribe from our website please send an email to wordpower@dictionaryproject.org, informing us that you which to unsubscribe. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out form any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. The Dictionary Project will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. The Dictionary Project does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:
We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you create a Policy with usYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsFor payment processing purposesTo comply with the law
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on youThe right of rectificationThe right to objectThe right of restrictionThe right to data portabilityThe right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Payments processors
We provide paid products and/or services on our Website. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). Authorize.NET is our third-party payment provider https://www.authorize.net/
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Privacy Policy. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, you should refrain from further use of our site. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and accept such changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at the following email or mailing address.
Email: wordpower@dictionaryproject.org
Mailing Address:The Dictionary ProjectPO Box 1845Charleston, South Carolina 29402