https://www.gowerheritagecentre.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Latest Christmas Trees are almost completely SOLD OUT – very few remaining
Download Our App Click here to download our app
The policy: This privacy policy notice is served by Gower Heritage Centre, under the website; https://gowerheritagecentre.co.uk
The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Policy key definitions:
“I”, “our”, “us”, or “we” refer to the business; Gower Heritage Centre.
“you”, “the user” refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Key principles of GDPR:
Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
ICO Data Protection Register;
We are exempt from registration in the ICO Data Protection Register because We only process personal data for ‘accounting, administrative and marketing purposes’.
Lawful basis: Consent
Our purpose for processing, why it is necessary and how we process your information is: We process your information in order to reply to any messages you send via our Contact Form
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your data with anyone unless we specifically request your permission and you approve.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We not use cookies on this website, other than those that may be required by your own browser to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website. Some addition cookies may be required to enable the full functionality of this website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with cookies.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
We do not engage in email marketing.
[End of policy]
Scroll back to top
Translate »
Some cookies may be required to enable the full functionality of this website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with cookies.OKPrivacy policy