https://www.yccc.edu/privacy-policy/
skip to main content
COVID-19 Update
Click here for more information and regular updates on YCCC’s response to the COVID-19 outbreak.
YCCC Student Covid-19 Emergency Relief Fund
YCCC Tech Promise Fund
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Visitors to the YCCC.edu website are important to us. YCCC.edu does not record personal information about you without your permission. YCCC.edu collects only the information needed to create an efficient electronic gateway for public information.
Collection of Information
YCCC.edu automatically collects some information when you look or search through our web pages. It is collected for statistical purposes only. We use the information to make our site easier to use. We do not use it to identify you personally. The information collected includes the following:
The date and time of your visit.
Information about your browser type and operating system.
The parts of our web site you visited.
The Internet address of your computer and the site that sent you to us.
If you used a search page to find us, the search terms you entered.
YCCC.edu does not ever automatically collect information like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. Be aware that in order to complete some services you may need to provide personal information. Supplying this information is voluntary.
Cookies
YCCC.edu uses Google Analytics, which mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains.  We do not use or place spyware on your computer.
Online Forms
Any information you supply during the completion of an online form will be considered voluntary. This information will be treated the same as any provided in person during a visit to the college. It may be necessary to share this information with other departments or universities for proper handling.
Public Disclosure
Unless specifically protected under federal or state law, any information provided may be inspected by the public or disclosed. Please refer to 1 MRSA § 401 et seq for more information on public records and under what circumstances it is released.
Incorrect Information
If you find something that is out of date or wrong, please let us know at info@yccc.edu. Do not include any sensitive data, such as your personal information, when you contact us to correct data inaccuracies. The secure transfer of this type of information will be arranged later if necessary.