http://www.royalarmouries.org/about-us/governance/policies/copyright-policy/
Skip to main content
Website copyright use statement The intellectual property rights in the content comprising or contained within this website is owned or administered by the Royal Armouries unless otherwise indicated. The re-use of such content is subject to copyright legislation and other regulations.
Royal Armouries copyright
The copyright in content created by or on behalf of the museum is owned by the Royal Armouries.
You may make non-commercial use of this content with only a few exceptions provided that you adhere to the terms and conditions set out in our licence, Non Commercial Use Licence (pdf, 74 KB). Charges may apply for the supply of images etc.
A licence is also available for the commercial use of this content, Commercial Use Licence (pdf, 84 KB). Commercial use is broadly defined as any activity which promotes a business or other commercial activity. Charges and licence fees will apply. You must contact our licensing team before using any of our content for commercial purposes, licensing@armouries.org.uk.
For further information see our policy on the Licensing of Royal Armouries Content (pdf, 93 KB).
Crown copyright
Crown Copyright covers content which is created by officers and civil servants working in government departments and other agencies. The Royal Armouries has a delegated authority from the Controller of HM Stationary Office to administer the Crown Copyright which subsists in records held in our archives. Please contact our licensing team for further information, licensing@armouries.org.uk.
Other copyright
You may make limited use of content where the copyright is held by a Third Party for non-commercial research and private study, educational purposes etc. For further information on the exceptions to copyright see the guidance provided by the Intellectual Property Office. [add link to IPO]
If you wish to make commercial use of this content you must seek permission from the copyright holder.
Alternative communication formats
Please contact us if you require any of our downloadable documents in an alternative format.
TweetShareReddit
Share:
TweetShareReddit
Close this module
Coronavirus (Covid-19) Fort Nelson is open.The White Tower is open.The Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds remains closed.More information