http://www.ms-sc.org/87-terms-conditions
Donate Today
Search
Navigation
About
Toggle
About us
Who's who
Annual review and accounts
Get in touch
Vacancies
What we do
Toggle
Vision and Strategy
Marine Society
Sea Cadets
Support Us
Toggle
Legacy
Membership
News
Donate
Search
Type to start searching
Search
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Donate today
Donate today
Gift Aid
Other Ways to Give
Our fundraising promise
Privacy notice
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1. About these terms and conditions
1.1. Access to and use of ms-sc.org (the website) both within the UK and internationally is provided by the charity MSSC (Marine Society & Sea Cadets). These terms apply to your use of the website and shall take effect immediately from your first use of the website and thereafter. Please note, in order to use the website you must agree to be bound by all the terms provided. If you do not agree to be bound by all the terms herein, MSSC does not permit you to access, use and/or contribute to the website. You will also find information about our SMS terms and conditions at point 6.
1.2. MSSC may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these on a regular basis. Your continued use of the website will be deemed acceptance of any updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using the website. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific local terms appearing elsewhere on the website then the latter shall prevail in relation to the matter to which it specifically relates.
2.Use of website
2.1. You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behaviourincludes hacking, uploading viruses and other offences, harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content.
3. Intellectual property
3.1. All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the website and all content (including all applications) located on the website shall remain vested in MSSC or its licensors (which includes other users).
3.2. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use website content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use or non-commercial use directly related to MSSC/Sea Cadets within the UK. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any website content except for your own personal use. Any other use of the website content requires the prior written permission of MSSC.
3.3. The names, images and logos identifying MSSC/Sea Cadet training centres or facilities or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of MSSC and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark, design right or copyright of  MSSC or any third party.
4. Content
4.1. The majority of content posted in the website communities is created by Sea Cadet volunteers and members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of MSSC. MSSC is not responsible for any content posted by Sea Cadet volunteers or members of the public on the website or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through the website. Material and information on the site is not intended to amount to advice and the MSSC does not accept liability for any such reliance. Any links to third party websites from the website do not amount to any endorsement of that site by MSSC and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
4.2. The website  content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to MSSC, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided ‘AS IS’ and on an ‘AS AVAILABLE’ basis. To the extent permitted by law, MSSC excludes all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. MSSC does not guarantee the timeliness, completeness or performance of the website or any of the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided by MSSC is correct at the time of publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of MSSC for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.
4.3. You agree to indemnify MSSC and/or MSSC’s  officers, directors and employees, immediately on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of these terms and conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of the website.
4.4. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes MSSCs liability for death or personal injury caused by its proven negligence. Subject to the previous sentence, MSSC shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise):
(a) loss of data;
(b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits;
(c)
loss of business;
(d)
loss of opportunity;
(e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation;
(f) losses suffered by third parties; or
(g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of sea-cadets.org regardless of the form of action.
4.5. MSSC does not warrant that functions available on the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
5. General
5.1. If any of these Terms and Conditions are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
5.2. The failure or delay of MSSC to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive MSSC's right to enforce that right.
5.3. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
6. SMS Fundraising: terms and conditions
6.1. Thank you for considering donating to MSSC SMS (text). All donations that we receive help our work with poor and excluded people across the world.
6.2. Here is some information which tells you more about how much funds we received from your text, as well as how your phone number is used.
6.3 If you have any questions, just email us at fundraising@ms-sc.org or give us a call on +44 (0)207 654 7000.
6.4 How much of my money reaches MSSC?
6.5 If you have sent a text to make a £3 donation, texts will be charged at £3 plus one message at your standard network rate; the charge will show on your bill and the sender will show as a five-digit number, not MSSC (Marine Society and Sea Cadets).
7. How will my mobile number be used?
By giving your details, you will occasionally receive information about MSSC’s work, including by email. We will never sell or swap your details.
MSSC will not be liable for delays or failures in receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to transmission from your network operator and processing by your mobile phone device.
This SMS service is being provided for MSSC by a third party provider.
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile number, your carrier's name and the date, the time and content of your messages and other information that you may provide.
9. How can I unsubscribe?
If you would like to unsubscribe from SMS alerts or you do not wish to receive any more communication, please email us at fundraising@ms-sc.org or give us a call on +44 (0) 207 654 7000 (Mon-Fri 09:00-18:00) .
Thank you for your support.
Please contact us if you have any queries about these terms of use at:
Fundraising team, MSSC, 202 Lambeth Road, London, SE1 7JW
Email: info@ms-sc.org
Registered charity numbers: England & Wales 313013, Scotland SCO37808
Call us on +44 (0)20 7654 7000 or email info@ms-sc.org for more information
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Contact us
Call us:
+44 (0)20 7654 7000
Email:
info@ms-sc.org
Patron: HM The Queen
Sea Cadets is a charity registered in England and Wales 313013 and in Scotland SC037808
Useful Links
Sea Cadets
Sea Terms & Conditions
Marine Society
Contact
Members
Report Abuse
Royal Navy
Privacy Notice
Fundraising promise
Careers
Patron: HM The Queen
Sea Cadets is a charity registered in England and Wales 313013 and in Scotland SC037808
Royal Navy
Report
Fundraising Regulator
Copyright © 2020 MSSC / All rights reserved.
)
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience. To get the best results, please make sure you're using the latest version of your browser. By using our website, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our Privacy Notice to find out what they're used for and how to change your settings.
Accept