https://www.emcc.edu/privacy/
skip to main content
Privacy
Privacy
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
You can visit our website to obtain information without revealing your identity or any personal information. The only information we collect and store during this type of normal use is the name of your Internet Service Provider, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. This information is used to help us analyze trends and improve our site. When you use the website in this way, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, email address, or phone number unless you have requested specific information through one of our online forms or have filled out one of our surveys.
If you choose to provide personally identifiable information to us when using this site — through a form, survey, or other type of correspondence — the information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data and is used to fulfill your request. Unless required to do so by the Maine Freedom of Access Act (FOAA), we do not share or otherwise disclose to other organizations or third parties the personal information you may have chosen to provide us as a user of this site.
This site contains content and other materials that link to websites operated by third parties. We have no control over those sites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of those other sites.
Privacy Notice
This section of our Privacy Notice provides details about interest-based online advertising (also called “targeted advertising”, “re-marketing” or “behavioral advertising”), Google Analytics, and your choices with respect to this type of advertising.
We use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understand the behavior of our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on other websites because we contract with Google and other similar companies to target our ads based on information we or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means (such as cookies and web beacons). These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and edit or opt-out your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. Because those opt-out and preference control pages are specific to the individual browser used to visit it, and because that page is not operated by SMCC, we are unable to perform the opt-outs on your behalf.
Get Started
Touring the Campus
Earn a Degree
Non Credit Classes
Train my Employees
Microcredentials
Schedule Placement Testing
Transfer to EMCC
Access the EMCC Library
Apply