https://www.orbeducation.com/us/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
ORB Education
This is a privacy policy for all ORB Education websites. This policy is effective from 15th August 2019.ORB Education is committed to protecting the privacy and security of our online visitors. This privacy policy sets out how we will process and use any personal data that you provide to us, or that we may collect as a result of visiting the ORB Education websites. Please read the following information to understand our practices with regards to your personal data and how we will treat it. Our website addresses is: https://www.orbeducation.com.
Information we may collect from you.
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Any information that you provide by filling in forms on our site.  This includes provided information at the time of registering to use the protected sections of our site, posting material, requesting further services or subscribing to any service offered by us on the site.We may keep a record of any correspondence if you should contact us.Details of the resources you access and of your visits to our site.Details of transactions you may carry out through our site and of the completion of your orders.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymous string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Storing your personal data
We will take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy. However, the transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and we therefore cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our sites. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Who we share your data with
We do not voluntarily pass data to third parties for any purpose.
Disclosure of your information
We may be forced to disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to comply with any legal obligation to do so, in order to protect the rights, property and safety of our customers or others, or to enforce our terms of use for the site or our products.
Third Party Websites
Our site may contain links to and from other websites. If you visit any of these sites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We will where appropriate notify you by email of any changes made to our privacy policy and these changes will also be posted on this page.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact
We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy. Our contact information can be found on our website.