http://www.architecture.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Online programs and virtual tours continue while CAC tours are currently suspended and the Center is closed, in accordance with COVID-19 guidelines from the State of Illinois.
In This Section
Visit
Exhibits
Tours
Programs & Events
Learn
Join & Give
About
This is the web site of Chicago Architecture Center
Our postal address is:111 E. Wacker Dr.Suite 1321Chicago, IL 60601
We can be reached via e-mail at info@architecture.org or you can reach us by telephone at 312.922.3432.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitor's domain name.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access, user-specific information on what pages visitors access, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number.
The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart, and user-specific information on what pages visitors access.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at this Web site.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
You may receive mailings from other cultural institutions. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other cultural organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes. We will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the number provided above, or writing to us at the above address.
Donor Privacy Policy
Chicago Architecture Foundation declares that all donors have the right:
To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization's most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share. If you would like to have your name removed from the Chicago Architecture Foundation mailing lists, please email development@architecture.org.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020
Search
Tickets
River Cruise
All Tours
All Exhibits
All Events
Cart
Visit
General information
Admission, Hours, Location
Shop
Accessibility
Special offers
Safety Information
COVID-19 Safety Policies
Exhibits
On view
Current exhibits
Covid-19 Safety Policies
Online exhibits
Archive
Past Exhibits
Tours
Explore
River Cruise
Walking, "L" train & bus tours
Covid-19 Safety Policies
Tour FAQ
Groups
Group tours
Field trips (k-8)
Field trips (age 14+)
Specialty
Private tours
Concierge
Programs & Events
Attend
Programs
Open House Chicago
Family Fun at CAC
Archive
Past Programs
Signature Program Highlights
CAC@Home
Host an event
Venue rentals
Learn
Schools & Teachers
Field trips (k-8)
Field trips (age 14+)
Training & Curriculum
No small plans
Teens
Teen Fellows
Teen Programs
Competitions
Families
Camps & Classes
Family Programs
Festivals
Resources
Buildings of Chicago
Architecture Dictionary
DiscoverDesign.org
CAC Watch List
Join & Give
Join
Membership
Member login
Volunteer
Docents
Education guides
Exhibit hosts
Guest services
Give
Donate
Industry Council
Sponsorship
Campaign
Boards & Societies
Board of Trustees
Auxiliary Board
Burnham Society
Blueprint Society
About
About us
Our history
Our impact
Our team
News
Learn more
FAQ
Venue rentals
Reports
Contact us
CAC Online Store
Shop
News
Calendar
Membership
My Account
Membership
Newsletter
Contact Us