http://www.schoollaw.com/privacy
Log In
View Cart
Search
Search for:
Search
Close
Search for:
Your username or password was entered incorrectly. Please try again.
Need an account?
Register now
User Name *
Password *
Forgot your password?
Home / Privacy Policy
loading...
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Drummond Woodsum & MacMahon (“DWM” “we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting users’ privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to inform users of the www.schoollaw.com website (the “Site”) about what user information we gather through the Site, how we gather and use information provided to, or collected by, us through the Site, and under what circumstances we will disclose such information. DWM will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Policy and with the laws of the United States.
By accessing the Site you agree to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to be subject to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
Third-Party Websites
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third parties that DWM does not own or control, including, but not limited to, any third-party websites, services, and/or applications that you are able to access from or through the Site, or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. Also, when you leave the Site, whether by clicking on third-party sponsored content or advertising, or by directly accessing another website, third-parties may place Cookies or web beacons on your computer. This Privacy Policy does not govern the use and disclosure of any information collected by third parties, including information collected through Cookies or web beacons, when you visit their websites.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide. DWM collects information for the purpose of providing you with a satisfactory user experience on the Site, providing you a personalized experience on the Site based on your history on the Site, and assisting you in accessing services provided through the Site and/or purchasing products available on the Site. We receive information about you from various sources, including: (i) your use of the Site generally; (ii) if you sign up for an account (“Account”) and become a member (“Member”) on the Site; and (iii) if you purchase publications, videos, recordings, or other products (collectively “Products”) through the Site. This information may include personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We use an outside credit card processing company to process Product purchases. In order to provide services to us this company collects certain information about you when you purchase a Product, including personally identifiable credit card information. Once you create an Account and become a Member you are no longer anonymous to us. You are also not anonymous to us once your order a Product from the Site, even if you have not become a Member. Additionally, we collect data through Cookies, which becomes part of your user information.
Cookies. When you access our Site, a small file called a “Cookie” is placed on your hard drive. Cookies generally hold information, including data strings that contain a unique user ID. Each time you visit the Site Cookies will be used to authenticate your identity, collect data generated in connection with your activity on the Site, and to personalize your user experience on the Site, including by remembering and presenting you with your order information (i.e. history and purchases). Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, some Site features and services may not be available to you if Cookies are disabled.
Please note that we can only access Cookies that we set on your computer, not the Cookies sent to you by other companies.
We partner with a third party ad network to display advertising the Site. Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on the Site and/or other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served advertising, as you will continue to receive generic ads.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Use. DWM will only use your information for the purposes and in the ways described in this Privacy Policy or as subsequently authorized by you in writing. We may use in the normal course of our business information we gather on or through the Site, including: to improve the content of the Site, to customize the content of the Site, to notify Members about updates to the Site, to contact Members for marketing purposes, and to respond to any requests Members may have regarding a Product or customer service issue(s). The information we collect when you create an Account, or otherwise, may be used to manage our relationship with you, to customize our Product offerings, and to provide information about new Products.
Third Party Intermediaries. As noted above, we use an outside credit card processing company to process Product purchases. This company does not retain, share, store or use your information for any secondary purposes. This company is authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We may also use outside delivery companies to assist us in fulfilling and delivering orders. We share with them the information necessary to enable the delivery of Products to you (e.g., name, address, and the like). DWM also uses a web developer to help develop and maintain the Site. We may share with them information necessary for them to perform their services and to help with our business activities.
Disclosure and Legal Requirements. DWM will not disclose your information except as described in this Privacy Policy. DWM may disclose any and all information collected if, in reasonable good faith, it believes it is required to do so to comply with any local, state, federal or foreign law, to respond to a court order, any court or governmental subpoena (or its equivalent), or any domestic or foreign governmental investigation. We also reserve the right to disclose information collected that we believe, in reasonable good faith, is appropriate or necessary to protect against liability; to protect Members from fraudulent, abusive or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend DWM against any third-party claims or allegations of wrongdoing; to assist domestic or foreign government enforcement agencies; to protect against fraudulent uses the rights, property (including intellectual property) or safety of DWM, its Members, users of the Site, or other persons or entities.
Children and Privacy
The Site is not directed at children, and it is not intended that we collect personally identifiable information from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who you know to have provided us with personally identifiable information, we ask that you contact us using the contact information provided below and request that such information be deleted. The Site is not intended for the use of any one under the age of eighteen. Although it is possible that certain Products or information on the Site may be of interest to children as well as adults, it is our expectation that such Products and information will be purchased or accessed by adults.
Access and Updating of Information
You may review, amend, or delete your Account information by going to the “My Account” area of the Site. Users may change information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are experiencing problems with the Site or who have questions can contact us using the contact information provided below.
We will retain your information for as long as your Account is active or as long as needed to provide you services. Please contact us if you wish to cancel your Account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Registration Password: The information that you provide when you create an Account is password-protected to control access to the information by third-parties. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. DWM will never ask for passwords in unsolicited phone calls or unsolicited emails.
Amendments: DWM may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes in the way in which information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes on the Site. If you object to any of the changes, you can have us delete your information by contacting us using the contact information provided below. As this Privacy Policy is subject to modification, we recommend you review it each time you visit the Site.
Options: Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested when creating an Account do not need to create an Account with us. You can still view much of the content and order the Products offered on the Site without becoming a Member.
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Please contact us if you have any questions about security on the Site.
DWM Contact Information
For questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our disclosure practices, or your consent choices, please contact us at:
Drummond Woodsum & MacMahon
Attn: Privacy
84 Marginal Way
Suite 600
Portland, Maine 04101-2480
We will review your communication promptly and respond to you upon completion of its review.
CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Policy Effective Date / Date Policy Last Modified
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is May 22, 2013.
Join Our Mailing List