https://www.delmnh.org/about-us-2/donor-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
DONOR PRIVACY POLICYadmin2018-01-23T10:14:56-05:00
Donor Privacy PolicyThe Delaware Museum of Natural History is committed to protecting the privacy of its donors.
We value the trust of our members and donors, and we recognize that maintaining this trust requires us to be transparent and accountable in maintaining the confidentiality of the personal information that you choose to share with us.
We will not sell or rent our donor and member lists for commercial purposes.
Accountability
We are responsible for personal information in our possession, including information that has been transferred to a third party for processing. Companies we work with to process credit card transactions use high-grade encryption and security protocols to protect your information.
The purposes for which we collect, use, or disclose personal information will be limited to those which are related to our business and which a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
We safeguard, according to high standards of security and confidentiality, any information our members and donors share with us.
We will permit only a limited number of authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of donor information, to have access to that information. Employees who violate our Donor Privacy Policy will be subject to our disciplinary process.
We will not sell or rent our donor and member lists for commercial purposes.
We will, from time to time, on a reciprocal basis, facilitate membership and relevant program offers from other non-profit organizations with solid credentials, which will in turn facilitate membership offers from the Delaware Museum of Natural History.
These non-profit organizations are not permitted to retain any donor information unless an individual has specifically expressed an interest in supporting their services.
Removal
You may be removed from our list quickly and easily by clicking “UNSUBSCRIBE” in any of our emails.  You may also request your removal in writing by mailing a letter to:
Delaware Museum of Natural History
c/o Development Office
P.O. Box 3937
Wilmington, DE 19807
We strictly honor these requests.
Go to Top