http://www.ggc.org/privacy-policy
Where Compassion Inspires Progress
888-GGC-GENE (442-4363)
CareersContactEmployee PortalGGC Foundation
HomeFor
PatientsAbout Genetic TestingGenetic ConsultationsGeneral Genetics ClinicTelegeneticsMetabolic Genetics ClinicDDSN ClinicsSpecialty ClinicsCancer Genetic CounselingClinical StudiesPatient Support GroupsFor Healthcare
ProfessionalsClinical ReferralsClinic Referral FormClinic FormsDiagnostic LabTest FinderLab RequisitionLaboratory AccreditationsLaboratory BillingSpecimen RequirementsGenetic
ResearchFacultyRichard Steet, PhDHeather Flanagan-Steet, PhDResearch AreasAutismLysosomal Storage DisordersGlycosylation DisordersIntellectual DisabilityBirth DefectsBirth Defects Prevention ProgramTechnologiesModel Organisms - ZebrafishBioinformaticsResourcesAnimal ComplianceHow Genetic Testing WorksEmployment OpportunitiesResearch CollaborationsFor Teachers
& StudentsStudent OpportunitiesMobile Science LabsGenetic Education CenterInternshipsSummer CampMedical Genetics Training ProgramTeacher OpportunitiesProfessional DevelopmentSummer CoursesSenior Genetic Scholars ProgramScience On TapSC Genetics ConclaveVideo LibraryResourcesAbout UsOur Faculty & StaffIn the NewsGGC Partnership CampusOur Board of DirectorsFAQsPatient StoriesThe Gene Scene BlogCalendarVirtual TourVideo LibraryPublicationsSupply Request FormCareersContactEmployee PortalGGC Foundation
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES GREENWOOD GENETIC CENTER
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information.
Please review it carefully.
Effective Date: April 14, 2003
This Notice was revised on August 27, 2013
If you have any questions about this notice or if you need more information, please contact our privacy officer. Privacy Officer: Lori Bassett
Mailing Address: 101 Gregor Mendel Circle, Greenwood, SC 29646
Telephone: (864) 388-1061 or toll-free (888) 442-4363
Fax: (864) 388-1062; Email: lbassett@ggc.org
About this Notice
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of Protected Health Information and to give you this Notice explaining our privacy practices with regard
to that information. You have certain rights – and we have certain legal obligations – regarding the privacy of your Protected Health Information,
and this Notice also explains your rights and our obligations. We are required to abide by the terms of the current version of this Notice..
What is Protected Health Information
"Protected Health Information" is information that individually identifies you and that we create or get from you or from another health care provider,
health plan, your employer, or a health care clearinghouse and that relates to (1) your past, present, or future physical or mental health or conditions,
(2) the provision of health care to you, or (3) the past, present, or future payment for your health care.
How We May Use and Disclose Your Protected Health Information
You will be asked to sign a consent form. Once you have consented to use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information for treatment, payment and
health care operations by signing the consent form, your physician will use or disclose your Protected Health Information as described in this Section
1. Your Protected Health Information may be used and disclosed by your physician, our office staff and others outside of our office that are involved
in your care and treatment for the purpose of providing health care services to you. Your Protected Health Information may also be used and disclosed
to pay your health care bills and to support the operation of the Greenwood Genetic Center. We may use and disclose your Protected Health Information
in the following circumstances:
For Treatment: We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information to give you medical treatment or services and to manage and coordinate your
medical care. For example, your Protected Health Information may be provided to a physician or other health care provider (e.g., a specialist or
laboratory) to whom you have been referred to ensure that the physician or other health care provider has the necessary information to diagnose
or treat you or provide you with a service. We may also disclose your Protected Health Information to another physician or healthcare provider
who, at the request of your physician, becomes involved in your care by providing assistance to your physician with your diagnosis or treatment.
For Payment: We may use and disclose your Protected Health Information so that we can bill for the treatment and services you receive from us and can
collect payment from you, a health plan, or a third party. This use and disclosure may include certain activities that your health insurance plan
may undertake before it approves or pays for the health care services we recommend for you, such as making a determination of eligibility or coverage
for insurance benefits, reviewing services provided to you for medical necessity, and undertaking utilization review activities. For example, we
may need to give your health plan information about your treatment in order for your health plan to agree to pay for that treatment.
For Healthcare Operations: We may use and disclose Protected Health Information for the health care operations of the Greenwood Genetic Center. We
may use your Protected Health Information to internally review the quality of the treatment and services you receive and to evaluate the performance
of our employees in caring for you. As part of healthcare operations at the Greenwood Genetic Center, we also may disclose information to physicians,
nurses, medical technicians, medical or other students, and other authorized personnel for educational and learning purposes. For example, we may
disclose your Protected Health Information to medical school or other students who see patients at our office. In addition, we may use a sign-in
sheet at the registration desk where you will be asked to sign your name and indicate your physician. We may also call you by name in the waiting
room when your physician is ready to see you. We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information, as necessary, to contact you to remind
you of your appointment. We may also use or disclose your Protected Health Information, as necessary, to provide you with information about possible
treatment options or alternatives or health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.
MinorsWe may disclose the Protected Health Information of minor children to their parents or guardians unless such disclosure is otherwise prohibited by law.
Other Permitted and Required Uses and Disclosures That May Be Made Without Your Consent, Authorization or Opportunity to Object As Required by Law: We will disclose Protected Health Information about you when required to do so by international, federal, state,
or local law. The use or disclosure will be made in compliance with the law and will be limited to the relevant requirements of the law. You will be notified,
as required by law, of any such uses or disclosures.
Research: We may use and disclose your Protected Health Information for research purposes, but we will only do that if the research has
been specially approved by an authorized institutional review board or a privacy board that has reviewed the research proposal and has set up protocols
to ensure the privacy of your Protected Health Information. Even without that special approval, we may permit researchers to look at Protected Health
Information to help them prepare for research, for example, to allow them to identify patients who may be included in their research project, as long
as they do not remove, or take a copy of, any Protected Health Information. We may use and disclose limited information that does not contain specific
readily identifiable information about you for research. However, we will only disclose the limited information if the recipient agrees to (1) use
the information only for the purposes for which it was provided, (2) ensure the confidentiality and security of the information, and (3) not identify
the information or use it to contact any individual.
To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety: We may use and disclose Protected Health Information when necessary to prevent a serious
threat to your health or safety or to the health or safety of others. But we will only disclose the information to someone who may be able to help
prevent the threat.
Business Associates: We may disclose Protected Health Information to our business associates who perform functions on our behalf or provide
us with services if the Protected Health Information is necessary for those functions or services. For example, we may use another company to do our
billing, or to provide transcription or consulting services for us. All of our business associates are obligated, under contract with us, to protect
the privacy and ensure the security of your Protected Health Information.
Organ and Tissue Donation: If you are an organ or tissue donor, we may use or disclose your Protected Health Information to organizations
that handle organ procurement or transplantation – such as an organ donation bank – as necessary to facilitate organ or tissue donation and transplantation.
Military Activity and National Security: If you are a member of the armed forces, we may disclose Protected Health Information as required
by military command authorities. We also may disclose Protected Health Information to the appropriate foreign military authority if you are a member
of a foreign military. If you are involved with military, national security or intelligence activities or if you are in law enforcement custody, we
may disclose your Protected Health Information to authorized officials so they may carry out their legal duties under the law.
Workers' Compensation: We may use or disclose Protected Health Information for workers' compensation or similar programs that provide
benefits for work-related injuries or illness.
Public Health Risks: We may disclose Protected Health Information for public health activities. This includes disclosures to: (1) a person
subject to the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") for purposes related to the quality, safety or effectiveness of an FDA-regulated
product or activity; (2) prevent or control disease, injury or disability; (3) report births and deaths; (4) report child abuse or neglect; (5) report
reactions to medications or problems with products; (6) notify people of recalls of products they may be using; and (7) a person who may have been
exposed to a disease or may be at risk for contracting or spreading a disease or condition. We may also disclose your Protected Health Information,
if directed by the public health authority, to a foreign government agency that is collaborating with the public health authority.
Abuse, Neglect, or Domestic Violence: We may disclose Protected Health Information to the appropriate government authority if we believe
a patient has been the victim of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Such disclosures will be made consistent with the requirements of applicable
federal and state laws.
Health Oversight Activities: We may disclose Protected Health Information to a health oversight agency for activities authorized by law.
These oversight activities include, for example, audits, investigations, inspections, licensure, and similar activities that are necessary for the
government to monitor the health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights laws.
Data Breach Notification Purposes: We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information to provide legally required notices of unauthorized
access to or disclosure of your health information.
Legal Proceedings: If you are involved in a lawsuit or a dispute, we may disclose Protected Health Information in response to a court
or administrative order. We also may disclose Protected Health Information in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other legal process from
someone else involved in the dispute, but only if efforts have been made to tell you about the request or to get an order protecting the information
requested. We may also use or disclose your Protected Health Information to defend ourselves in the event of a lawsuit.
Law Enforcement: We may disclose Protected Health Information, so long as applicable legal requirements are met, for law enforcement purposes.
Criminal Activity: Consistent with applicable federal and state laws, we may disclose your Protected Health Information, if we believe
that the use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public. We may
also disclose Protected Health Information if it is necessary for law enforcement authorities to identify or apprehend an individual.
Coroners, Medical Examiners, and Funeral Directors: We may disclose Protected Health Information to a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral
director so that they can carry out their duties.
Inmates: If you are an inmate of a correctional institution or under the custody of a law enforcement official, we may disclose Protected
Health Information to the correctional institution or law enforcement official if the disclosure is necessary (1) for the institution to provide you
with health care; (2) to protect your health and safety or the health and safety of others; or (3) the safety and security of the correctional institution.
Uses and Disclosures That Require Us to Give You an Opportunity to Object and Opt Out Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care.
Unless you object, we may disclose to a member of your family, a relative, a close friend or any other person you identify, your Protected Health Information
that directly relates to that person's involvement in your health care. If you are unable to agree or object to such a disclosure, we may disclose
such information as necessary if we determine that it is in your best interest based on our professional judgment.
Emergencies: We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information in an emergency treatment situation. If this happens, your physician
shall try to obtain your consent as soon as reasonably practicable after the delivery of treatment. If your physician or another physician at the Greenwood
Genetic Center is required by law to treat you and the physician has attempted to obtain your consent but is unable to obtain your consent, he or she
may still use or disclose your Protected Health Information to treat you.
Communication Barriers: We may use and disclose your Protected Health Information if your physician or another physician at the Greenwood
Genetic Center attempts to obtain consent from you but is unable to do so due to substantial communication barriers and the physician determines, using
professional judgment, that you intend to consent to use or disclosure under the circumstances.
Disaster Relief: We may disclose your Protected Health Information to disaster relief organizations that seek your Protected Health Information
to coordinate your care, or notify family and friends of your location or condition in a disaster. We will provide you with an opportunity to agree or object to such a disclosure whenever we practicably can do so.
Fundraising Activities: We may use or disclose your Protected Health Information, as necessary, in order to contact you for fundraising
activities. You have the right to opt out of receiving fundraising communications. If you do not want to receive these materials, please submit a written
request to the Privacy Officer.
Your Written Authorization is Required for Other Uses and Disclosures
The following uses and disclosures of your Protected Health Information will be made only with your written authorization:
1. Most uses and disclosures of psychotherapy notes;
2. Uses and disclosures of Protected Health Information for marketing purposes; and
3. Disclosures that constitute a sale of your Protected Health Information.
Other uses and disclosures of Protected Health Information not covered by this Notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written
authorization. If you do give us an authorization, you may revoke it at any time by submitting a written revocation to our Privacy Officer and we will
no longer disclose Protected Health Information under the authorization. But disclosure that we made in reliance on your authorization before you revoked
it will not be affected by the revocation.
Your Rights Regarding Your Protected Health Information
You have the following rights, subject to certain limitations, regarding your Protected Health Information:
Right to Inspect and Copy: You have the right to inspect and copy Protected Health Information that may be used to make decisions about
your care or payment for your care. We have up to 30 days to make your Protected Health Information available to you and we may charge you a reasonable
fee for the costs of copying, mailing or other supplies associated with your request. Under federal law, however, you may not inspect or copy the following
records; psychotherapy notes; information compiled in reasonable anticipation of, or use in, a civil, criminal, or administrative action or proceeding,
and Protected Health Information that is subject to law that prohibits access to Protected Health Information. Depending on the circumstances, a decision
to deny access may be reviewable. In some circumstances, you may have a right to have this decision reviewed. Please contact our Privacy Officer if
you have questions about access to your medical record. We may not charge you a fee if you need the information for a claim for benefits under the
Social Security Act or any other state or federal needs-based benefit program. We may deny your request in certain limited circumstances. If we do
deny your request, you have the right to have the denial reviewed by a licensed healthcare professional who was not directly involved in the denial
of your request, and we will comply with the outcome of the review.
Right to an Electronic Copy of Electronic Medical Records: If your Protected Health Information is maintained in an electronic format
(known as an electronic medical record or an electronic health record), you have the right to request that an electronic copy of your record be given
to you or transmitted to another individual or entity. We will make every effort to provide access to your Protected Health Information in the form
or format you request, if it is readily producible in such form or format. If the Protected Health Information is not readily producible in the form
or format you request your record will be provided in either our standard electronic format or if you do not want this form or format, a readable hard
copy form. We may charge you a reasonable, cost-based fee for the labor associated with transmitting the electronic medical record.
Right to Get Notice of a Breach: You have the right to be notified upon a breach of any of your unsecured Protected Health Information.
Right to Request Amendments: If you feel that the Protected Health Information we have is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend
the information for as long as we maintain this information. A request for amendment must be made in writing to the Privacy Officer at the address
provided at the beginning of this Notice and it must tell us the reason for your request. In certain cases, we may deny your request for an amendment.
If we deny your request for an amendment, you have the right to file a statement of disagreement with us and we may prepare a rebuttal to your statement
and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal.
Right to an Accounting of Disclosures: You have the right to ask for an "accounting of disclosures," which is a list of the disclosures
we made of your Protected Health Information. This right applies to disclosures for purposes other than treatment, payment or healthcare operations
as described in this Notice. It excludes disclosures we may have made to you, for a resident directory, to family members or friends involved in your
care, or for notification purposes. The right to receive this information is subject to certain exceptions, restrictions and limitations. Additionally,
limitations are different for electronic health records.
Right to Request Restrictions: You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the Protected Health Information we use or
disclose for treatment, payment, or health care operations. You also have the right to request a limit on the Protected Health Information we disclose
about you to someone who is involved in your care or the payment for your care, like a family member or friend. To request a restriction on who may
have access to your Protected Health Information, you must submit a written request to the Privacy Officer. Your request must state the specific restriction
requested and to whom you want the restriction to apply. If your physician believes it is in your best interest to permit use and disclosure of your
Protected Health Information, your Protected Health Information will not be restricted. If your physician does agree to the requested restriction,
we may not use or disclose your Protected Health Information in violation of that restriction unless it is needed to provide emergency treatment. With
this in mind, please discuss any restriction you wish to request with your physician.
Out-of-Pocket-Payments: If you paid out-of-pocket (or in other words, you have requested that we not bill your health plan) in full for
a specific item or service, you have the right to ask that your Protected Health Information with respect to that item or service not be disclosed
to a health plan for purposes of payment or health care operations, and we will honor that request.
Right to Request Confidential Communications: You have the right to request that we communicate with you only in certain ways to preserve
your privacy. For example, you may request that we contact you by mail at a specific address or call you only at your work number. You must make any
such request in writing to our Privacy Officer. You must specify how or where we are to contact you. We will accommodate all reasonable requests. We
will not ask you the reason for your request.
Right to
a Paper Copy of this Notice: You have the right to a paper copy of this Notice, even if you have agreed to receive this Notice
electronically. You may request a copy of this Notice at any time.
How to Exercise Your Rights To exercise your rights described in this Notice, send your request, in writing, to our Privacy Officer at
the address listed at the beginning of this Notice. We may ask you to fill out a form that we will supply. To exercise your right to inspect and copy
your Protected Health Information, you may also contact your physician directly. To get a paper copy of this Notice, contact our Privacy Officer by
phone or mail. Changes to this Notice We reserve the right to change this Notice. We reserve the right to make the changed Notice effective for Protected
Health Information we already have as well as for any Protected Health Information we create or receive in the future. A copy of our current Notice
is posted in our office and on our website.
Complaints
You may file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights
have been violated.
To file a complaint with us, contact our Privacy Officer, Lori Bassett, at the address listed at the beginning of this Notice. All complaints must be made
in writing and should be submitted within 180 days of when you knew or should have known of the suspected violation. There will be no retaliation against
you for filing a complaint.
To file a complaint with the Secretary, mail it to: Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 200 Independence Ave, S.W., Washington,
D.C. 20201. Call (202) 619-0257 (or toll free (877) 696-6775) or go to the website of the Office for Civil Rights, www.hhs.gov/ocr/hipaa/, for more
information. There will be no retaliation against you for filing a complaint.
Meet Ella
We will remember February 26th for the rest of our lives.
On that day, we received the call from the Greenwood Genetic Center that they had discovered our daughter, Ella Marie, has Kleefstra syndrome.
Very early on, my wife, Kelly, observed Ella being delayed in some of her milestones. Kelly monitored Ella’s progression and sought out testing in an effort
to get Ella some assistance. Along the way, we were sent to GGC and met with Dr. Roger Stevenson
...
LEARN MORE
In The News
Dec
08
GGC Friends of the Center Newsletter - Winter 2020
Dec
08
Recognizing Syndromes in Diverse Populations
Oct
27
GGC Annual Report 2019-20
106 Gregor Mendel Circle
Greenwood, SC 29646
864-941-8100
888-GGC-GENE (442-4363)
Patients & Families
About Genetic Testing
Genetic Consultations
Clinical Studies
Patient Support Groups
Healthcare Professionals
Clinical Referrals
Diagnostic Lab
Genetic Research
Faculty
Research Areas
Birth Defects Prevention Program
Technologies
Resources
Teachers & Students
Student Opportunities
Teacher Opportunities
Senior Genetic Scholars Program
Science On Tap
SC Genetics Conclave
Video Library
Resources
About Us
Our Faculty & Staff
In the News
GGC Partnership Campus
Our Board of Directors
FAQs
Patient Stories
The Gene Scene Blog
Calendar
Virtual Tour
Video Library
Publications
Supply Request Form
Careers
Contact
Employee Portal
GGC Foundation
©2020 Greenwood Genetic Center. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. Notice of Nondiscrimination. Sitemap.
Website Design By: