http://www.farmingdale.edu/information-technology/privacy-policy.shtml
Go to Main Navigation
Go to Search
Go to Main Content
Go to Footer Navigation
Farmingdale State College State
Menu
Future Students
Parents
Visitors
Alumni & Friends
SearchLogin to myFSCLogout of myFSC
Future Students
Parents
Visitors
Alumni & Friends
Coronavirus Hub
About Us
Admissions
Apply Now
Request Information
Map
Search
Featured Results
View all results
No results found
Directory
No results found
Common Searches How do I apply?
When is Open House?
How much is tuition?
How do I get to campus?
What majors and minors are offered?
Privacy Policy
Farmingdale State College Commitment to Privacy
At Farmingdale State College, we are committed to protecting your privacy and making
it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with us. We
recognize that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that
their privacy is protected when they visit farmingdale.edu. You can travel through
most of farmingdale.edu without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes
we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of
privacy explains our online information practices.
Farmingdale State College does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, completing
the SUNY Information Request Form, or completing the online application. This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit farmingdale.edu
When visiting farmingdale.edu, Farmingdale State College automatically collects and
stores the following information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed our Web site
The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is
running
The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page
The date and time of the user's request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve farmingdale.edu’s
content and to help Farmingdale State College understand how users are interacting with its Web site. This information is collected for statistical
analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Web site
The collection of information through farmingdale.edu and the disclosure of that information
are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. Farmingdale State College will only collect personal information through farmingdale.edu or disclose personal information collected through farmingdale.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary
disclosure of personal information to Farmingdale State College by the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by Farmingdale
State College for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to Farmingdale State College. However, Farmingdale State College may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the
statutory duties of Farmingdale State College, or necessary for Farmingdale State
College to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal
statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose
of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for
statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular
person. Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through farmingdale.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of
Information Law, Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act, USA Patriot Act and the
Personal Privacy Protection Law. Farmingdale State College may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized
access or attempted unauthorized access to Farmingdale State College’s information
technology assets.
Information Collected When You E-mail farmingdale.edu or Complete a Transaction
During your visit to farmingdale.edu you may send an e-mail to Farmingdale State College.
Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information
collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic
information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information
included in your message will be used to:
respond to you
address issues you identify
improve this Web site
If you choose not to receive e-mail or other means of communication from Farmingdale
State College, and would prefer not to in the future, you may request that you not
receive communications by contacting us at privacy@farmingdale.edu. During your visit to farmingdale.edu you may complete a transaction such as an online
survey, application or Information Request Form. The information collected by Farmingdale
State College, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by Farmingdale State College
and may be disclosed by Farmingdale State College for those purposes that may be reasonably
ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information
was submitted. Farmingdale State College does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of
13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and
may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access.
Retention of Information Collected Through This Web site
The information collected through farmingdale.edu is retained by Farmingdale State
College in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of the
New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law. In general, the Internet services logs of Farmingdale State College, comprising
electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Agency services
provided through farmingdale.edu, are retained for 30 days. Information concerning
these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet
privacy policy contact listed in this policy.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through farmingdale.edu
Any user may submit a request to Farmingdale State College’s privacy officer to determine
whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through farmingdale.edu. Any such request shall be made in writing
and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion
of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy officer is: Privacy Officer Farmingdale State College 2350 Broadhollow Road Farmingdale, New York 11735 The privacy officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper
request, provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt
of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted
or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the
acknowledgment. In the event that Farmingdale State College has collected personal information pertaining to a user through farmingdale.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user's request, the privacy officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public
Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected Through farmingdale.edu
Farmingdale State College is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through farmingdale.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Consequently,
Farmingdale State College limits employee access to personal information collected through farmingdale.edu to only those employees who need access to the
information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access
to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures
of personal information. In addition, Farmingdale State College has implemented procedures to safeguard the
integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication,
authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have
been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of farmingdale.edu
as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well
as the electronic transmission of information. For Web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of farmingdale.edu
for all users, Farmingdale State College employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage farmingdale.edu.
Definitions
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy: Personal information: For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number,
symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person. User: shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving
business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information
provided through farmingdale.edu.
Information Technology
helpdesk@farmingdale.edu
Training Resources
Security and Safe Computing
Getting Connected
Email FAQs
Helpdesk FAQs
Telephones
Policies
Residence Hall - Cable TV
Staff Directory
Information Technology
@farmingdalesc
Logged Out
You have successfully logged out of myFSC.
For security reasons, please exit your web browser.Mac users should quit their web browser.
Last Modified 4/28/20