https://www.karomi.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Technology
Solutions
ManageArtworks
Manage BOM
Manage Specification
Manage CopyText
Clients
About Us
Contact Us
© 2017, Norebro Theme by Colabr.io Team | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
All Rights Reserved.
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of your data — and it is your data, not ours! — is a big deal to us. We’ll only ever access your account to help you with a problem or squash a software bug. We’ll never open any uploaded files unless you ask us to. We log all access to all accounts by IP address, so we can always verify that no unauthorized access has happened for as long as the logs are kept.
Identity & access
When you sign up for Karomi, we ask for your name, company name, and email address. That’s just so you can personalize your new account, and we can send you invoices, updates, or other essential information. We’ll never sell your personal info to third parties, and we won’t use your name or company in marketing statements without your permission, either.
When you write to Karomi with a question or to ask for help, we’ll keep that correspondence, and the email address, for future reference. When you browse our marketing pages, we’ll track that for statistical purposes (like conversion rates and to test new designs). We also store any information you volunteer, like surveys, for as long as it makes sense.
The only times we’ll ever share your info:
• To provide products or services you’ve requested, with your permission.
• To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
• If Karomi is acquired by or merged with another company — we don’t plan on that, but if it happens — we’ll notify you well before any info about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Law enforcement
Karomi won’t hand your data over to law enforcement unless a court order says we have to. We flat-out reject requests from local and federal law enforcement when they seek data without a court order. And unless we’re legally prevented from it, we’ll always inform you when such requests are made.
Encryption
All data is encrypted via SSL/TLS when transmitted from our servers to your browser. The database backups are also encrypted. Data isn’t encrypted while it’s live in our database (since it needs to be ready to send to you when you need it), but we go to great lengths to secure your data at rest.
Deleted data
When you cancel your account, we’ll ensure that nothing is stored on our servers past 30 days. Anything you delete on your account while it’s active will also be purged within 30 days (up until then it’s available in the trash can).
Changes & questions
Karomi may update this policy once in a blue moon — we’ll notify you about significant changes by emailing the account owner or by placing a prominent notice on our site. You can access, change or delete your personal information at any time by contacting our support team.
Questions about this privacy policy? Please get in touch and we’ll be happy to answer them!
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.