http://www.newton.ac.uk/privacy
skip to content
About us
Support the INI
Contact Us
Search site
Home
About us
A brief history
Short film on INI's origins, aims and objectives
Governance
Fellowships & distinguished visitors
Art and Artefacts
Who was Isaac Newton?
Testimonials
Support the INI
Development Board
Donate Online
Contact Us
Staff list
How to find us
Opening Hours
Vacancies at INI
Current visitors
Home
Programmes & EventsOverview
Scientific Programmes
Associated workshops
Events calendar
Seminars calendar
Seminars archive
Submit a proposal
Talks elsewhere
How to participate
Watch Live
Documents & reportsOverview
Preprints
Annual Reports
Programme reports
Programmes & workshops poster
Outreach & EngagementOverview
Correspondents Network
Women in Mathematics
Cambridge Science Festival
Open for Business
Junior Members
Initiatives archive
Participants from developing countries
Summer (Autumn, Winter and Spring) Schools
Information for visitorsOverview
Institute A-Z
Accommodation & Housing
Length of stay
Computing help
Library services
Meeting Rooms and Audio Visual Support
Childcare
Visitors with a disability
Green Impact at INI
Data Policy and Code of Conduct
Log in to ISAAC
News & MediaOverview
INI news
INI news bulletin
INI podcast
Video interviews
Case studies
Programmes & workshops poster
Summer Maths Puzzles
Advent Blackboards
Gateway
Data Policy and Code of Conduct
Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical SciencesInformation for visitorsOverview
Institute A-Z
Accommodation & Housing
Length of stay
Computing help
Library services
Meeting Rooms and Audio Visual Support
Childcare
Visitors with a disability
Green Impact at INI
Data Policy and Code of Conduct
Log in to ISAAC
Programmes & Events
Documents & reports
Outreach & Engagement
News & Media
Gateway
Privacy Policy
In common with most web sites, this site automatically logs information about every request made of it. This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely, but is likely to be purged automatically after a period of time.
Relevant subsets of these data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may also on occasion be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics may be extracted from these data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
The data collected are merely a subset of the data freely supplied by those connecting to this site. This site does not attempt to gather data in an active fashion.
View the University of Cambridge Privacy Policies for Services.
General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) - 2018
For information on how data related to alumni and supporters (including non-alumni donors, prospective donors etc) is handled, please click here.
For information on how data related to staff (including academic visitors, programme and workshop participants, temporary workers or research staff) is handled, please click here.
For information on how research data should be managed by staff (including academic visitors, programme and workshop participants, temporary workers or research staff), please click here.
Personal information collected
When you visit www.newton.ac.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. For information about how Google Analytics uses your personal information, please see http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Code of Conduct
You have been invited to undertake research at the Isaac Newton Institute as part of a particular programme and we shall aim to make your stay as pleasant and productive as possible. We therefore ask that you read the Visitor Agreement, which can be found below. By confirming your attendance, you have confirmed that you have read and understood the terms and conditions specified in the Visitor Agreement, and will abide by the policies of the University of Cambridge.
We would also like to draw your attention specifically to Cambridge University’s Dignity at Work policy.
Attachments:  Visitors Agreement (Version 1.0, March 2018)
Related Links
Privacy Policies for Services
20 Clarkson Road
Cambridge CB3 0EH
email: info[at]newton.ac[dot]uk
phone: +44 1223 335999
Contact us How to find us
Connect With Us
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Starting Points
Visitors
Scientists
Business
INI Correspondents
General Public
ISAAC
Staff
About This Site
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies
Send Feedback!
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Graduate
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University
and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge