http://www.sheffcol.ac.uk/about-us/privacy-and-cookies
We use cookies to enhance your experience of our website, gather analytics and improve functionality. By using our website you consent to the use of cookies. For more information about cookies, please use the "Privacy and Cookies" link at the bottom of the page at any time or click here.
Proceed
Tell me more
//INTERNATIONAL
Toggle navigation
The Sheffield College
Student Life
Courses
Agents
Projects
Contact us
0114 260 2600
Get in touch
Courses
Call us on 0114 260 2600
Contact Us Page
About UsData Protection
Data Protection
Cookies, Privacy Policy & GDPR
Information regarding cookies, our Privacy Policy and GDPR for The Sheffield College and domains ending with sheffcol.ac.uk
Due to the recent government advice, all College buildings are now closed therefore requests for copies, amendments and/or deletion of personal data received via the post cannot be processed.
Please send all requests to dpo@sheffcol.ac.uk
Please note as a result of the physical closure of the buildings, access to systems may be limited or restricted more than usual. The ICO has acknowledged that there may be delays in responding to requests for which they have relaxed the sanctions.
More information on the ICO guidance can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-and-coronavirus/
Notice about how we use your personal information
We are the data controller of personal information about you. We are The Sheffield College. Our address is Granville Road, Sheffield, S2 2RL. The college’s registration number with the ICO is Z667180X.
If you have any questions about this policy or the ways in which we use your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at Granville Road, Sheffield S2 2RL or by email DPO@sheffcol.ac.uk.
You can request access to any data we may hold about you by completing the below forms:
Subject access form
Right to be forgotten form
To download these forms, please email  DPO@sheffcol.ac.uk
This privacy notice has been prepared in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018.
When users of our site send us personal information, such as their email address, the college undertakes:
Never to sell your details to anyone
Not to give your details to any third party without your express agreement
Only to use your details in relation to:
Your specific enquiry or request
The project, course, or initiative for which you have submitted details to us
Shaping and improving the services we offer
We monitor and record, extensively, connections to and from college servers. We do this for security, statistical, and performance-measurement purposes, and in order to detect and prevent abuse. The monitoring data we collect includes browser type, domain names, traffic volumes, temporal data, IP information, and data posted from web-forms on our site.
We use “cookies” on most of sites to improve the quality of the service we offer, especially to enable users with visual impairment to alter the appearance of our site to suit their needs.
Download our Privacy notice for Web Forms
Who are you?
A member of staff at the college
A student at the college
A visitor to the College
One of our suppliers
In each case, you have certain rights, including how to get a copy of your data, how to get it corrected or deleted, and how to complain. These rights are set out in more detail below.  Please note that on occasions we may process “special categories” of information about you.  This is information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
A member of staff at the College
Please click on the link below that takes you to the Privacy Notice for Staff.  This will have been shared with you as part of your induction and by email when the new General Data Protection Regulations came into effect.
Download the Privacy notice for College staff
A student at the College
Please click on the link below that takes you to the Privacy Notice for Students.  This will have been shared with you are part of your enrolment, induction and is available on Pro-monitor in the “I must read” section.  It has also been emailed to all students when the new General Data Protection Regulations came into effect.
Download the Privacy notice for students
A visitor to the College
The information we collect about you and why we collect it
As part of your visit to the College we store and use your personal details and information about your visit for the purposes of managing and operating the College.
We use CCTV at our buildings for the purposes of crime prevention, security and health and safety and, accordingly, will capture imagery of visitors to the College.
Note: The above list of information is for example only, this can be amended on a College by College basis depending on the types of information collected about visitors.
The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
Except in the circumstances highlighted below, we process this information on the basis of our legitimate interests:
we have a legitimate interest in wishing to interact with you to manage and operate effectively our College and to ensure that the College is safe and secure for all persons visiting; and
to be able to do so, we need to understand details of who is in the building and to be able to communicate with them.
Where we are required by law to hold certain records, then we collect and hold those records to comply with that legal obligation.
How long we keep your personal information
CCTV images are kept for a maximum of 31 days, unless there is an incident in which case they will be kept longer.
The signing in book is only kept until the book is completed and then destroyed securely.
How we share your personal information
We may share the personal information that you give us with the following organisations (or types of organisation) for the following purposes.
Organisation / type of organisation: Police
Purpose: If there was incident that required police at the college then CCTV images that may contain your photo would be shared.
We may also share your personal information with third parties who provide services to the College.
Organisation / type of organisation: Third party security company (Constant)
Service: Providing security services to the college through security staff being present at the college. No data leaves the college site.
How we transfer your personal information outside Europe
We do not store or transfer your personal data outside Europe.
Automated decisions we take about you
We do not make automated decisions using this information.
One of our suppliers to the College
We store and use your information for the purposes of managing our suppliers in respect of the supply of goods and services that our College may need.
The information we collect about you and why we collect it
In order to engage and manage our suppliers, where you are a supplier (or where if it is a company, you are its representative) we collect and store your contact information and, where appropriate, your bank account details.
You may also be asked to provide details of your occupation and your CV.
In addition, where you visit a building we will collect and process the information set out in the “visitor to our College” section above.
The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
Except in the circumstances highlighted below, we process this information on the basis of our legitimate interests:
we have a legitimate interest in engaging and managing our suppliers; and
to be able to do so, we need to hold details of who those suppliers are.
Where we are required by law to hold certain records for health and safety purposes, then we hold those records to comply with that statutory obligation.
Where we hold your bank account details, we do so on the basis that it is necessary for us to perform our contract with you.
How long we keep your personal information
Invoices that may contain company personnel names are kept for 7 years. The majority of contracts information does not contain personal data other than personnel’s names, positions and telephone numbers.
How we share your personal information
We may share the personal information that you give us with the following organisations (or types of organisation) for the following purposes.
Organisation / type of organisation: The colleges internal (Grant Thornton) and external auditors (KPMG)
Purpose: Ensuring that the college meets in financial and legal requirements, a sample of suppliers and invoices may be selected by the auditors
We may also share your personal information with third parties who provide services to the College.
Organisation / type of organisation: Tenet Procurement Services
Service: Providing support for the provision of new services via a procurement exercise
How we transfer your personal information outside Europe
We do not store or transfer your personal data outside Europe.
Automated decisions we take about you
We do not make automated decisions using this personal data.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have a number of rights over your personal information, which are:
the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you are unhappy about the way your personal data is being used – please refer to the ICO’s website for further information about this
the right to ask us what personal information about you we are holding and to have access to a copy of your personal information
the right to ask us to correct any errors in your personal information
the right, in certain circumstances such as where our use of your personal information is based on your consent and we have no other legal basis to use your personal information, to ask us to delete your personal information
the right, in certain circumstances such as where we no longer need your personal information, to request that we restrict the use that we are making of your personal information
the right, in certain circumstances, to ask us to review and explain our legitimate interests to you
the right, where our use of your personal information is carried out for the purposes of an agreement with us and is carried out by automated means, to ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly-used, machine-readable format
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and will update it from time to time to make sure it remains up-to-date and accurate.
How to Control and Delete Cookies
The Sheffield College will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
The Sheffield College use a number of suppliers who also set cookies on both the sheffcol.ac.uk domain websites on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing. If you would like more information about the cookies used by these suppliers, as well as information on how to opt-out, please see sections 4 and 5 below.
List of the Main Cookies
This is a list of the main cookies set by The Sheffield College websites, and what each is used for.
CFID & CFTOKEN — These cookies are used by The Sheffield College to identify you as a user between page loads. This allows The Sheffield College to remember certain settings, like which part of the website you were using before you were asked to sign in or register.
JSESSIONID — This cookie provides extra security with your Sheffield College account. If you view a College page using HTTPS, this cookie will be passed over that encrypted connection. As such this cookie provides the most security when identifying you as a user.
Third Party Cookies
The Sheffield College uses a number of suppliers who also set cookies on our websites on its behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing.
If you would like more information about the cookies used by these suppliers, as well as information on how to opt-out, please see their individual privacy policies listed below.
Google Analytics — The Sheffield College users Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of our web sites and compile reports for us on activity on our sites.Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the News App, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How to reject or delete this cookie http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
Cookies Set by Third Party Sites
To support our web sites and services, we sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube and Flickr. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Flickr, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. The Sheffield College does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third party website for more information about these.
Get in touch
Search now to find your perfect career journey
Search by
Careers
Search by
Subject Area
Search by
Interest
Search by
Level of Study
View all
!
09/12/2020 5:50 pm
Keeping Safe at College
Sheffield is in ‘very high’ Tier 3 restrictions along with the rest of South Yorkshire. For more information on what that means, please visit Sheffield City Council’s website and continue to follow government guidelines, so we can keep our community safe.
The College is continuing to provide teaching and learning via a blended approach, with safety measures in place in line with government guidance. Please visit our FAQs page for details about the measures in place to help keep you safe and what to do if you develop coronavirus symptoms.