http://www.depts.ttu.edu/afrotc/privacy.php
Texas Tech University
Directory
Raiderlink
A-Z Index
TTU
AFROTC
Privacy and Security
This Air Force ROTC Detachment 820 Website is provided as a public service by the
University of Texas Tech. Information presented on the Detachment 820 Website is considered
public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image
credits is requested. Information concerning visitors, use of this site is collected
for analytical and statistical purposes, such as assessing what information is of
most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying
system performance or problem areas. Raw data logs will only be used to identify individual
users and their usage habits for authorized law enforcement investigations or national
security purposes.  These logs are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance
with National Archives and Records Administration Guidelines.  Unauthorized attempts
to deny service, upload information, change information, or to attempt to access a
non-public site from this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under
Title 18 of the U.S. Code to include the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and
the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. If you have any questions
or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to us.
The Freedom of information act (FOIA) program is mandated by congress and applies
to all government agencies. The program allows the public to request information pertaining
to an agency's functions, practices, and future plans. Anyone may request records
under the FOIA. Public disclosure is mandatory unless exempted under Title 5 U.S.C.552.
In accordance with the Electronic Freedom of Information Act Amendments of 1996, agencies
have 20 work days to respond to a FOIA request. As a general rule, the Air Force will
not deliver unofficial mass mailings addressed to individuals at their duty addresses.
The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the United States
Air Force, the Defense Technical Information Center, or the Department of Defense
or this website or the information, products, or services contained herein. For other
than authorized activities such as military exchanges and morale, welfare and recreation
sites, the U.S. Air Force does not exercise any editorial control over the information
you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated
purpose of the U.S. Air Force website.
Contact TTUContact Contact TTUContact Contact TTU
NewsNews for NewsNews for News
EventsEventsEvents
Air Force ROTC Detachment 820
Phone
806.742.2143
Email
afrotc.det820@ttu.edu
© 2020
Texas Tech UniversityJan 13, 2020
4:12 PM
Air Force ROTC Detachment 820
About
Air Force ROTC Detachment 820
About
Back
About Us
Organizations
Contact Us
Prospective Cadets
Air Force ROTC Detachment 820
Prospective Cadets
Back
Cadet Career Path
New Cadet Orientation
Requirements to Join
Cadre
Alumni
FAQs
Air Force ROTC Detachment 820
FAQs
Back
AFROTC FAQs
Detachment FAQs
Additional Resources
TTU HomeDirectory
Raiderlink
A-Z Index