http://www.urbancenter.iupui.edu/privacynotice
Indiana University
Home
About
Research & Analysis
Impact & Outcomes
Work with us
News & Media
Contact
Home
Privacy Notice
IU Public Policy Institute Website Privacy Notice
Effective: 2012-01-27
Applicability
This privacy notice applies only to the IU Public Policy Institute (http://policyinstitute.iu.edu/) and explains our practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of visitor information. Visitor information collected by the IU Public Policy Institute will be used only as outlined in this privacy notice.
Other units at the university may collect and use visitor information in different ways. Therefore, visitors to other university web sites should review the privacy notices for the particular sites they visit. The IU Public Policy Institute is not responsible for the content of other web sites or for the privacy practices of web sites outside the scope of this notice.
Changes
Because Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly, the IU Public Policy Institute may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future. Any such changes will be consistent with our commitment to respecting visitor privacy, and will be clearly posted in a revised privacy notice.
Collection and Use
Passive/Automatic Collection
When you view pages on our site, the web server automatically collects certain technical information from your computer and about your connection including:
your IP address
the domain name from which you visit our site
aggregate information on pages visited
the referring web site
the date and time of visit
your browser type
Continued use of our web site indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. This technical information is retained in detail; it may not have a current retention/deletion schedule.
Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection
Other than automatically collected technical information about your visit (described above, or cookies described below), we may ask you to provide information voluntarily, such as through forms or other manual input — in order to make products and services available to you, to maintain and manage our relationship with you, including providing associated services or to better understand and serve your needs. This information is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with us. Your providing this information is wholly voluntary. However, not providing the requested information (or subsequently asking that the data be removed) may affect our ability to deliver the products or service for which the information is needed. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. Information we may actively collect could include:
the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email.
Cookies
Acookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
Our site does not use cookies to store information about your actions or choices on pages associated with our site.
Children
This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.
Use of Third Party Services
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" (described above) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visitGoogle's Privacy Center.
Disclosure of Information
We may share some aggregate information with other appropriate university personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality, and security of our web site/application.
Any other disclosure — with appropriate external parties such as law enforcement agencies — will be done in accordance with all applicable laws and university policies in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy.
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to University web sites, and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems. In addition, we will comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws regarding the privacy and security of visitor information.
Privacy Notice Changes
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us.
IU Public Policy Institute
334 N. Senate Avenue, Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46204
iuppi@iu.edu
317-261-3000
ATTN: Debbie Wyeth
If you feel as though this site's privacy practices differ with the information stated, you may contact us at the listed address or phone number.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy and communicating with the owner of this site does not resolve the matter, or if you have general questions or concerns about privacy or information technology policy at Indiana University, please contact the University Information Policy Office, 812-855-UIPO, uipo@iu.edu.
Fulfilling the Promise
Privacy Notice | Accessibility Help
Copyright ©
The Trustees of Indiana University