https://www.valsabinpublications.com/val-sabin-privacy-policy/
Val Sabin Publications and Training
Home
About
Publications
Training
Qualifications
FAQ
Contact
Val Sabin Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
(Updated 18/05/2018)
The nature of our business requires us to collect some personal details from our customers, individual learners and website users. This policy sets out how Val Sabin Publications & Training, meets its obligations with all relevant data protection laws (GDPR). By using this website and/or submitting information to us through or in connection with this website, you signify your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must not use this website, and/or submit information to us through or in connection with this website.
What information do we collect about you?
The level of personal information we collect is dependent on your level of engagement with Val Sabin Publications & Training. We collect information about you when you email us directly, or through our website, use the LiveChat feature (if and when enabled) or telephone us, with either an enquiry or to place an order for our products (publications) or services (training). We also collect information when you provide feedback or participate in training activities run by us. This may include personal information such as your name, date of birth, job title, contact details (such as your phone number(s), email address(es) and home/school addresses), course information and any other personal information relating to you, that you supply.
We do not capture or record credit card details on our website.
We do not collect personal data for sale to third parties.
We do not use cookies or any other technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our own website www.valsabinpublications.com, or to gather/store information.
If however you use the LiveChat feature (if and when enabled) to contact us online or send an offline query, that will automatically collect and store any information which you enter, plus data like your IP address, browser information and the details of which pages on our website that you have visited. This action is performed via a cookie (a small text file stored on your computer containing some modest data about you and your preferences) which enables us to work out which pages of our website have been accessed the most, so we can improve our content and layout.
The following table details the personal information we collect when you register on a course with us.
Role
Full Name
Date of Birth
Email Address
Telephone Number
Contact Address (School or Home as applicable)
Gender
Individual Learner
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
Y
How will we use the information about you?
Personal information submitted to us will be used in several ways including; entering into a contract with us; compliance with our regulators and legal obligations; a variety of business purposes which are in our legitimate interest, for example:
to manage your relationship with us and positively identify you against other people
with the same name
to process orders and send you goods / services purchased from us
to send you genuine goods or service-related updates / information
to report selected data to our regulators and agencies charged with holding and
maintaining individual qualification records
for statistical and analytical purposes to improve the content, focus and layout of our
website
for marketing purposes (with your agreement).
Looking after your information
Val Sabin Publications & Training follow best practice procedures in the storage and disclosure of information in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we are able to disclose information to you. We protect your personal information through a variety of secure systems e.g. through encryption, firewalls and password-protection. Any third-party service or system e.g. courier delivery company website, used for temporarily processing or storing any of your personal information is used on the basis that they are compliant with the relevant data protection laws including using industry standard security protocols.
We will only retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the products and services you expect from us, unless the law permits or requires longer. For example, we may need to keep your details to comply with potential future non-compliance or malpractice investigations. We may also hold onto information such as course details for us to validate the details of your awards and qualifications with your future educators/employers/others and to provide you with copies of that information or certificates where applicable. In this particular scenario you may exercise your ‘right to be forgotten’ if you wish, but in doing so there will be no record of your award or qualification.
Sharing your information with third parties
We may disclose some of your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf, e.g entering name/address/contact details on courier delivery company website, or to successors in title to our business.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation. We are also obliged to give your personal information to our regulators and agencies charged with holding and maintaining individual qualification records whilst you are connected with us.
Disclosure of your personal information for non-legal reasons to any other future third party, entity or service provider will only ever be performed with your consent.
Transfer of data
The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to exchange communications may necessarily involve the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the Val Sabin Publications & Training website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
Your rights
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date. You can ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. In the first instance please discuss this with your usual contact, but if this is not possible you can use the contact details at the bottom of this section.
Your personal information should be limited to what has been described in this Privacy Policy and has been provided to us either by yourself or those that you have authorised to provide this information to us. You have the right to confirm this and request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
You may also exercise your ‘right to be forgotten’ if our retention of personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
If you would like to contact us in this regard please email info@valsabinpublications.com or write to us at 125 Harlestone Road, Northampton NN5 6AA. We will endeavour to deal with requests in a timely manner.
Marketing
You may wish to hear from us about other products or services of ours, which we believe could be of interest to you. We will not send you marketing emails if you have previously opted out, and any marketing emails that we do send will always include an option to unsubscribe from future marketing emails.
We may need to send you regulatory and compliance communications from time to time in respect of any courses for which you have registered.
We may need to send you genuine goods or service-related updates from time to time, but these will not contain any marketing content.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the Val Sabin Publications & Training website, so when you follow a link to any other website, we strongly recommend you read their own privacy policies. Val Sabin Publications & Training are not responsible for any decisions you may make about sharing your personal information with other organisations once you leave our website.
Updates to our privacy policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and reserve the right to amend or modify it. Any updates will be placed on our website. The date of the latest version will also be included at the top of this policy.
Contact us
Please email info@valsabinpublications.com or write to us at 125 Harlestone Road, Northampton NN5 6AA with any data protection query or concern.
Achieve Physical Literacy Through Outstanding Physical Education
Contact / How to Order
Please contact us to place your order:
Tel:
01604 580974
Fax: 01604 584643
Email:
info@valsabinpublications.com
Twitter:
Follow us on Twitter
Price List / Order Form
Download the price list / order form
Upcoming Regional Training Courses
No upcoming events
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Copyright Val Sabin Publications & Training. All Rights Reserved. Registered in England & Wales 2020
Home | About | Publications | Training | Qualifications | FAQ | Contact
Copyright | Privacy Policy | Terms of Sale | Testimonials | Income Opportunities
Site by Daniel Jeffery