http://www.brescia.uwo.ca/privacy_policy.php
Skip to main content
Skip to Main Menu
Privacy Policy
Brescia University College is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal
information of its students, employees, alumnae, donors and supporters, visitors and
members of the general public. Brescia collects personal information that is required
in order to carry out its academic mandate and perform related administrative functions.
Brescia web sites do not automatically gather personal information from you, such
as your name, phone number or email address. This information is only obtained by
Brescia if you provide it voluntarily, through contacting Brescia in person, by telephone,
by regular mail, fax or email or through an online form. Any online forms submitted
to Brescia are secure. If you are concerned about sending your personal information
to Brescia via the Internet, you can use another method such as fax or regular mail.
Any personal information that you do provide is managed in accordance with existing
Brescia policies and guidelines related to confidentiality, release of student information
and release of employee information. Access to personal information is restricted
to those employees who require access to meet the requirements of their position and
to fulfill the purpose for which the information was collected. Subject to any exemptions
from access rights, every member of faculty, staff and current/former students shall
be granted access to information containing their personal information.
As of January 1, 2004, most organizations across Canada were required to comply with
The Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (PIPEDA). PIPEDA
holds an organization accountable for certain personal information in their custody
and under their control. This legislation requires that reasonable limits be placed
on the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information in the course
of commercial activities. A legal opinion obtained by the Council of Ontario Universities
and the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada found that since most university
activity is educational rather than commercial, PIPEDA is likely to have limited application
in universities.
In situations where personal information is sent to an outside service provider, Brescia
ensures that the transferred information is only used for the purposes for which the
service provider was retained. Neither Brescia nor any of its service providers collect
information for commercial marketing or distribution and are not involved in the selling,
bartering or leasing of any lists containing personal information.
If you have any questions or comments related to Brescia’s Privacy Policy, please
contact Ingrid Christensen.
©