http://www.centerforlearning.org/c/privacy.web?s@KZT.fn9NECZiE
Privacy Policy -
Center for Learning
Advanced Search
Order
Checkout
Order from a catalog
Request a quote
Ordering FAQs
Catalogs
Sign In
View Cart
MyDigital
Register
Our Guarantee
Privacy Policy
At The Center for Learning, we value our customers' trust and respect your privacy. The following includes general information about our privacy policy and applies to all transactions (through our catalog businesses, or on our websites).
Types of personal information we collect
How we use and share personal information
How to let us know about your preferences
Accessing and amending personal information
Our approach to security
Types of personal information we collect
We collect and store personal information that you give us when you register on our website, request a catalog, place an order, call us, or send us a letter or email. This information may include your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number and expiration date, and other optional demographic information.
How we use and share personal information
We use the personal information we collect to process your orders, identify you within our systems, contact you if we have questions about your order, and notify you about new services or special promotional programs.
We share your personal information within the Center for Learning and Social Studies School Service family of businesses and with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf (for example, credit card companies, financial institutions, shipping companies) and when, in our judgment, we believe it is necessary or appropriate to prevent fraud, injury, or harm to persons or property, to protect our rights or the rights of others, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or as otherwise required by law. We limit the scope of the information provided to third parties, and we allow its use only for the purposes for which it was disclosed. Personal information may be transferred in connection with a business transaction, involving any Social Studies School Service business or asset to which the information pertains.
How to let us know about your preferences
The Center for Learning provides customers with marketing and promotional materials via email, mail, telemarketing, and fax. If you'd prefer not to receive these materials, let us know using the instructions included in the following Q & A:
Q. How can I contact The Center for Learning? A. You may contact us using any of the following options:
Email us at access@centerforlearning.org
Call us toll-free at 1-800-421-4246
Write to us at: The Center for Learning, 10200 Jefferson Blvd., Culver City, CA 90232
I don't want to receive marketing materials. What should I do?
A. To remove your name from our marketing lists, please follow the instructions noted below.
Email: Click on the "unsubscribe link" located in all of our promotional emails (Requests to opt out of promotional emails will be honored within 10 business days.)
Postal Mail, Fax, and Telephone: Call, write, or send an email to the Center for Learning, using the contact information provided above.
When submitting a request by telephone or mail, please be sure to include all of the contact information you have ever used or provided to the Center for Learning (even if it is no longer current), including:
All email addresses
All telephone numbers
All names and addresses, including city, state, and zip code
You may continue to receive direct mail or catalog mailings after you have asked us not to send them. This can occur due to timing delays in updating applicable computer systems or due to incorrect, out of date, or duplicate contact information. Should this happen, call us.
Q. I'd prefer not to have my name and postal mailing address shared with other companies for marketing purposes. What should I do?
A. If you'd prefer not to have your name and postal mailing address shared with other companies, let us know in writing via email, fax, or letter using the contact information provided above. Please be sure to include your name and postal mailing address, as well as specific instructions.
Accessing and amending personal information
It is important that our databases be accurate and current. To review and make any appropriate changes or deletions to your information, please contact us in one of the ways provided above.
Our approach to security
We maintain reasonable physical, technical, and procedural measures to limit access to personal information to authorized individuals for appropriate purposes. Our website is a "Secure Site" recognized by VeriSign, a leading computer network security company. If you believe that someone has improperly used personally identifiable information about you or has made purchases that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately.
Back to Top
Home
Advanced Search
Our Guarantee
Shop by Subject
Writing & English Literature/Plays
Social Studies
Ordering
View Cart
FAQs
Order from a Catalog
Request a Quote
Free Print Catalogs
Privacy Policy
About Us
Who We Are
Contact Us Visit Our Showroom
Copyright
2020
The Center for Learning | (800) 421-4246 | access@centerforlearning.org
Powered by Cuesta Technologies, LLC