http://www.cplfriends.org/privacy-policy/
search
Home
ABOUT US
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
CPLFRIENDS.ORG PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. We may change this privacy policy from time to time at our sole discretion.
about us
random posts
WHY YOU NEED AIR CONDITIONING
WAYS TO MAKE YOUR HOME MORE INVITING
HOW to have a Career in the HVAC Industry
HOW TO MAINTAIN YOUR AIR CONDITIONER AT HOME
recent comments
Air Conditioning ExpertsChoose a Professional Contractor for Complete Home Automation July 24, 2017Have you ever thought to yourself, “I sure wish I could check on my home,” even though you were far away at the time?Ways to Stay Cool without Using So Much AC July 10, 2017There are ways to help yourself and your family members to stay cool without using so much energy running the air conditioner nonstop in the summer.How the Wrong Air Filter Affects Your Home July 4, 2017Your air filter is in place for damage prevention. But the wrong air filter can do way more harm than good.Should My Air Conditioner Be Frozen? June 26, 2017Surprisingly, a frozen indoor AC coil is not something you should expect to see.4 AC Repairs You May Need This Summer June 12, 2017AC problems tend to come up when you need your system the most. Why not schedule a maintenance service now so you can prevent these common repairs this summer?Innovations that Make Your AC Work Better and Save You Money June 6, 2017Air conditioning has grown leaps and bounds in just the last decade or two, and there are new innovations to improve efficiency that may actually surprise you.Home Installations to Relieve Your Allergy Symptoms May 29, 2017Indoor air quality should be of concern to you if anyone in the household suffers from allergies, asthma, or even an immune system disorder.How a Simple Thermostat Update Can Transform Your Summer Experience May 15, 2017While a new thermostat alone may not reduce energy use, programming options makes it easier for you to set it efficiently without feeling uncomfortable.What’s an Energy Audit and Why Should Your Home Have One Soon? May 9, 2017Even when an air conditioner makes it through a summer with little trouble, your monthly bills throughout the season can be quite high.What Are the Most Efficient Ways to Cool a Home? May 1, 2017Don't think you’re stuck paying the same high bills you do every year, or that you have to shut off your air conditioner altogether, just to save some money.
Recent Posts
HOW to have a Career in the HVAC Industry
HOW TO MAINTAIN YOUR AIR CONDITIONER AT HOME
WHY YOU NEED AIR CONDITIONING
WAYS TO MAKE YOUR HOME MORE INVITING
Archives
June 2018
May 2017
April 2017
Recent Comments Categories
Air Conditioner
Home
Uncategorized
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress