http://www.soe.umich.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Info for: (choose one) Tap Enter button to open the role navigation Tap Enter button to close the role navigation
Search
Need Answers?
View FAQs
Email, Phone, and Addresses
View Directory
Explore Degrees
See All
SOE plan and resources for public health-informed semester
Last updated: August 28, 2020
Privacy Notice
Last revision: May 29, 2020
Overview
The University of Michigan (U-M) privacy statement recognizes the value of privacy of the university community members and its guests.
This unit-level privacy notice provides more specific information on how the School of Education’s website www.soe.umich.edu and its subdomains collect and process your personal information.
Scope
The notice applies to our practices for gathering and disseminating information related to the School of Education website www.soe.umich.edu and its subdomains (“we”, “us”, or “our”) and is meant to provide you an overview of our practices when collecting and processing personal information.
How We Collect Information
We collect personal information in the following circumstances:
Direct Collection: when you directly provide it to us, such as when you complete surveys, sign up for newsletters, submit questions, comments, and news items, reserve rooms, request travel grants, etc.
Automated Collection by U-M: when you authenticate using U-M credentials.
Third-Party Collection: We partner with third-party advertising and marketing providers, such as Google Analytics, to automatically collect and store certain information about your visit. The information includes:
The internet domain from which a visitor accesses the website
The IP address assigned to the visitor’s computer
The type of browser the visitor is using
The date and time of the visit
The address of the website from which the visitor has linked to www.soe.umich.edu and its subdomains
Content viewed during the visit
Amount of time spent on the website.
What Type of Information We Collect
Direct Collection: We directly collect the following personal information:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, etc.
University affiliation information, such as UMID, program, attendance dates, name and email of advisor, etc.
Grant information, such as research questions, justification, travel destination, and prior funding approvals.
Submissions, such as your questions, comments, news items, and interests.
Automated Collection by U-M
During your visit to our website’s subdomains, we automatically collect and store logging information about your visit, such as your U-M username (uniqname), the last IP address you logged in from, browser’s user agent string, and the last time you logged in to the website.
Third-Party Collection
We use third-party advertising and marketing providers such as Google Analytics to automatically collect and store information about your visit. Information collected through these partners includes date/time of visit, pages viewed, time on pages/site, visitor location, visitor device information (device type, operating system, browser used), visitor language, visitor flow/navigation through site, visitor age, visitor gender, visitor acquisition (where they came from: direct, referral, social, paid search, organic search).
How Is This Information Used?
We use the personal information we collect to:
Create content for our newsletters and other school materials.
Communicate with you by adding you to opt-in mailing lists for news, events, and class notes, and responding to your questions and requests for information.
Monitor website performance and make improvements to site navigation and content based on user visits and interactions.
Support School of Education’s administration and research activities.
With Whom Is This Information Shared?
We do not sell or rent your personal information. We may share your personal information with:
External service providers that support business activities. The key service providers we use are MailChimp, Google, Qualtrics, and Submittable. We strive to ensure that these service providers keep your personal information secure and not use or share it for any purpose other than providing services on our behalf.
Donors who may receive travel grant and emergency funding information through the Office of University Development.
School of Education’s community and other interested parties who receive our newsletters and information about school events. Sharing of your information publicly is only done with your permission.
We may also share your personal information when required by law, or when we believe sharing will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of the university, members of the university community, and university guests.
What Choices Can You Make About Your Information
Direct Collection
You may choose not to enter personal information into our website. You can change email and communication preferences by clicking on the Unsubscribe or Manage Your Preferences links at the bottom of any email from us and unchecking the relevant boxes.
Automated Collection: Cookies
We use “cookies” to enhance your user experience when visiting www.soe.umich.edu. Cookies are files that store your preferences and other information about your visit to our website. When you access our website, the following cookies may be placed on your computer or device, depending on your web browser settings:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Opt out
U-M Session Cookie
U-M session cookies are used to track your page requests after authentication. They allow you to proceed through different pages on our website without having to authenticate for each new area you visit.
You can adjust your session cookies through your browser settings.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics cookies count visits and traffic sources in order to measure and improve the performance, navigation, and content of our website. See details about Google's usage of cookies.
To block these cookies, download Google's opt-out browser add-on.
Alternatively, you can manage your browser settings to accept or refuse these cookies.
Alternatively, you can manage your browser settings to accept or refuse these cookies.
Automated Collection: Social Media Plugins
Our site uses social media sharing buttons. Social media platforms use cookies or other tracking technologies when a button is embedded on our website. We do not have access to, or control of, any information collected through these buttons. The social media platforms are responsible for how they use your information. You can prevent the companies listed below from showing you targeted ads by submitting opt-outs. Opting-out will only prevent targeted ads, so you may continue to see generic (non-targeted ads) from these companies after you opt out.
Facebook
Facebook cookies are used to target advertising on Facebook after you visit our website. See Facebook's cookie policy.
You can opt out of Facebook ads through your Facebook privacy settings.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn cookies are used to secure access and target advertising on LinkedIn. See LinkedIn's cookie policy.
You can opt out of or manage LinkedIn's cookies through your browser.
Twitter
Twitter cookies are used to target advertising on Twitter and help remember your preferences. See Twitter's cookie policy.
You can opt out of these cookies by adjusting Personalization and data settings under Twitter settings.
How Information Is Secured
The University of Michigan recognizes the importance of maintaining the security of the information it collects and maintains, and we endeavor to protect information from unauthorized access and damage. The University of Michigan strives to ensure reasonable security measures are in place, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information.
Privacy Notice Changes
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time. We will post the date our notice was last updated at the top of this privacy notice.
Who to Contact with Questions or Concerns
If you have any concerns or questions about how your personal data is used, please contact the School of Education Communication team at soe.communications@umich.edu or the U-M Privacy Office at privacy@umich.edu or 500 S. State Street, Ann Arbor, MI 48109.
Notice Specific to Persons within the European Union
Please click here for notice specific to persons within the European Union.