http://www.tacomacc.edu/about/policies/nondiscrimination-and-harassment-policy-and-grievance-procedure
Skip to the content
Welcome to Fall Quarter!
Covid-19: TCC’s Safe Start practices. Get Virtual Help. Information for Current Students.
Connect with us and read more
Close
Policies
HomeA to Z IndexSitemapAboutToggle Sub MenuWhy TCC?NewsroomPoliciesLeadershipAccreditationCampusesThe TCC FoundationEmploymentOur Mission and VisionEmployment2018 Annual ReportTCC Distinguished AlumniAcademics & ProgramsToggle Sub MenuProgramsContinuing EducationBasic Education, ESL & GED®College + High SchoolAcademic Support & ResourcesThe Washington 45StatwayHonors ProgramHealth Careers Distinction PathwaysBusiness & Accounting Programs College CatalogAcademic CalendarLearning CommunitiesCosts & AdmissionToggle Sub MenuThe Admission ProcessInternational StudentsTuition & PaymentFinancial AidScholarships & Funding ProgramsRequest InfoTranscript RequestVisit CampusEnrollment VerificationTCC LifeToggle Sub MenuEventsAround CampusOur StoriesArts & CultureOffice of Student EngagementCampus ServicesAthleticsSafe ZoneCareer CenterCounselingLife Support and ResourcesLife ResourcesBlack Lives Matter at TCCHow Can We Help You?Toggle Sub MenuI want to transfer to a four-year collegeI want to earn college credit while in high schoolI'm a VeteranstafffacultymemberI Want to Donate to TCCI want to attend college for first timeI Want to Earn a High School DiplomaI'm a Current StudentI help people who want to attend college I'm interested in professional development for my business.I want a professional-technical certificate and/or degreeHigh School - CollegeHigh School + College Credit at TCCClass of 2019 Outstanding StudentsCoronavirus Disease-2019 (COVID-19): TCC InformationTCC Virtual HelpHealth CheckFall Quarter 2020 LearningFlexible FallFlexible FallToggle Sub MenuFlexible Fall: High School Seniors and ParentsCovid-19 InformationToggle Sub MenuFall 2020 Plan (Phase 2)
Home
About
Policies
Nondiscrimination and Harassment Policy and Grievance Procedure
Tacoma Community College Non-Discrimination Statement
Tacoma Community College values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer and
Educator. Tacoma Community College provides equal opportunity in education and employment
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability,
genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, creed, religion, or
status as a veteran of war. Prohibited sex discrimination includes sexual harassment
(unwelcome sexual conduct of various types). Provides reasonable accommodations for
qualified students, employees, and applicants with disabilities in accordance with
the Americans with Disabilities Act and Federal Rehabilitation Act. The following
persons have been designated to handle inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies:
Stephen Smith, Title II and Title IX, Building 14, 253-566-5055; Dolores Haugen, Section
504 Officer, Building 7, 253-566-6090.
Annual Non-Discrimination Notice
Tacoma Community College offers career and technical education programs in accounting,
business administration, networking and cyber security, diagnostic medical sonography,
health information technology, radiologic science, nursing, paralegal, respiratory
therapy, early childhood education, emergency medical technician, and human services
.
Tacoma Community College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national
origin, sex, disability, age, marital status, sexual orientation, religion and veteran
status. The following person(s) have been designated to handle inquiries regarding
the non-discrimination policies:  Title II and Title IX, Stephen Smith, Executive
Director, Human Resources, Building 14, 6501 S. 19th St., Tacoma, Wash. 98466, 253-566-5055; Section 504 Officer, Dolores Haugen, Director
of Conduct, Compliance and Partnerships, Building 7, 6501 S. 19th St., Tacoma, Wash. 98466, 253-566-6090.
Tacoma Community College will take steps to ensure that the lack of English language
skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in all educational and
vocational education programs. Please download the following annual non-discrimination
notice statements.
Arabic
Japanese
Korean
Russian
Simplified Chinese
Spanish
Traditional Chinese
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Nondiscrimination Information
Federal laws require TCC to include a nondiscrimination statement in print and online
versions of college publications that are made available to students, applicants,
employees, program participants and the public.  Publications that must include a
nondiscrimination statement include departmental, division, and college-wide catalogs,
handbooks, applications, magazines, newsletters, brochures, posters, and job advertisements.
Below are long, and short forms of TCC’s Nondiscrimination statement, along with explanations
of the types of publications in which each version of the statement should be used.
The Nondiscrimination Statement should appear in a location that is easy to find,
such as near the front of the document (e.g., inside front cover or title page) or
on the inside of the back cover.  As the model language indicates, the department
producing the publication should insert contact information for the individual in
that department responsible for responding to alternate format requests.
Long Form of Equal Opportunity Statement
For use in key documents, including catalogs, employee and student handbooks, and
financial aid, entry and application forms. For use in newsletters, brochures, magazines,
annual reports, 8.5x11 flyers, 11x17 posters, half-page to full-page newspaper advertisements,
viewguide books and most other publications that are used for recruitment, marketing,
advertising.
Tacoma Community College Non-Discrimination Statement (Long-form print publications)
Tacoma Community College values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer and
Educator. Tacoma Community College provides equal opportunity in education and employment
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability,
genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, creed, religion, or
status as a veteran of war. Prohibited sex discrimination includes sexual harassment
(unwelcome sexual conduct of various types). Provides reasonable accommodations for
qualified students, employees, and applicants with disabilities in accordance with
the Americans with Disabilities Act and Federal Rehabilitation Act. The following
officers have been designated to handle inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies:
Title II and Title IX Officer, Building 14, 253-566-5055; Section 504 Officer, Building
7, 253-566-6090.
Short Form Statement in print publications
For use on materials, such as postcards, quarter-page print advertisements, rack cards
and other publications that have significant space limitations.
Tacoma Community College values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer and
Educator. Learn more at tacomacc.edu/nondiscrimination.
NONDISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT POLICY AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
Effective 2/15/2016
TACOMA COMMUNITY COLLEGEChapter 132V-305WAC
WAC
132V-305-010 Statement of policy
132V-305-020 Objective and responsibilities
132V-305-030 Definitions
132V-305-040 Who may file a complaint
132V-305-050 Confidentiality and right to privacy
132V-305-060 Responsible employees and reporting responsibilities
132V-305-070 Investigation procedure, notice and appeal
132V-305-080 Publication of antidiscrimination policies and procedures
132V-305-090 Limits to authority
132V-305-100 Nonretaliation, intimidation and coercion
132V-305-110 Criminal complaints
132V-305-120 Other discrimination complaint options
POLICY
WAC 132V-305-010 Statement of policy. Tacoma Community College recognizes its responsibility for investigation, resolution,
implementation of corrective measures, and monitoring the educational environment
and workplace to stop, remediate, and prevent discrimination on the basis of race,
color, national origin, age, perceived or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy,
genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed,
religion, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide
dog or service animal, as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972,
Sections 504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities
Act and ADA Amendment Act, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Violence Against
Women Reauthorization Act, and Washington state's law against discrimination, chapter
49.60 RCW and their implementing regulations. To this end, Tacoma Community College
has enacted policies prohibiting discrimination against and harassment of members
of these protected classes. Any individual found to be in violation of these policies
will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal from the college
or from employment.
WAC 132V-305-020 Objective and responsibilities. Any employee, student, applicant, or visitor who believes that he or she has been
the subject of discrimination or harassment should report the incident or incidents
to the college's Title IX coordinator or designee. The college's Title IX coordinator
is posted on the college's web site. If the complaint is against the Title IX coordinator,
the complainant should report the matter to the president's office for referral to
an alternate designee.
The Title IX coordinator or designee:
(1) Will accept all complaints and referrals from college employees, applicants, students,
and visitors;
(2) Will make determinations regarding how to handle requests by complainants for
confidentiality;
(3) Will keep accurate records of all complaints and referrals for the required time
period;
(4) May conduct investigations or delegate and oversee investigations conducted by
a designee;
(5) May impose interim remedial measures to protect parties during investigations
of discrimination or harassment;
(6) Will issue written findings and recommendations upon completion of an investigation;
(7) May recommend specific corrective measures to stop, remediate, and prevent the
recurrence of inappropriate conduct.
The college encourages the timely reporting of any incidents of discrimination or
harassment. Complaints may be submitted in writing or orally. For complainants who
wish to submit a written complaint, a formal complaint form is available on the college
web site. Hard copies of the complaint form are available at the following locations
on campus: Student services administration office, advising and counseling center,
and human resources office.
WAC 132V-305-030 Definitions. The following definitions are specific to the terms of this procedure and do not modify
or revise similar terms as used in related procedures or collective bargaining agreements.
Advisor: A person of the complainant or respondent's choosing who can accompany the complainant
or respondent to any related meeting or proceeding.
College: Tacoma Community College main campus and any other campus or college facility which
may be created by the board of trustees.
College employee: any person employed by the college performing assigned administrative or professional
responsibilities.
Complainant: Employee(s), applicant(s), student(s), or visitors(s) of Tacoma Community College
who alleges that she or he has been subjected to discrimination or harassment due
to his or her membership in a protected class.
Complaint: A description of facts that allege violation of the college's policy against discrimination
or harassment.
Consent: Knowing, voluntary and clear permission by word or action, to engage in mutually agreed
upon sexual activity. Each party has the responsibility to make certain that the other
has consented before engaging in the activity. For consent to be valid, there must
be at the time of the act of sexual intercourse or sexual contact actual words or
conduct indicating freely given agreement to have sexual intercourse or sexual contact.
A person cannot consent if he or she is unable to understand what is happening or
is disoriented, helpless, asleep or unconscious for any reason, including due to alcohol
or other drugs. An individual who engages in sexual activity when the individual knows,
or should know, that the other person is physically or mentally incapacitated has
engaged in nonconsensual conduct.
Intoxication is not a defense against allegations that an individual has engaged in
nonconsensual sexual conduct.
Discrimination:Unfavorable treatment of a person based on that person's membership or perceived membership
in a protected class. Harassment is a form of discrimination.
Force: Use of physical violence and/or imposing on someone physically to gain sexual access.
Force also includes threats, intimidation and coercion that overcome resistance or
produce consent. Sexual activity that is forced is by definition nonconsensual, but
nonconsensual sexual activity is not by definition forced.
Harassment: A form of discrimination consisting of physical or verbal conduct that denigrates
or shows hostility toward an individual because of their membership in a protected
class or their perceived membership in a protected class. Harassment occurs when the
conduct is sufficiently severe and/or pervasive and so objectively offensive that
it has the effect of altering the terms or conditions of employment or substantially
limiting the ability of a student to participate in or benefit from the college's
educational and/or social programs. Petty slights, annoyances, offensive utterances,
and isolated incidents (unless extremely serious) typically do not qualify as harassment.
Examples of conduct that could rise to the level of discriminatory harassment include,
but are not limited to, the following:
(a) Epithets, "jokes," ridicule, mockery or other offensive or derogatory conduct
focused upon an individual's membership in a protected class.
(b) Verbal or physical threats of violence or physical contact directed towards an
individual based upon their membership in a protected class.
(c) Making, posting, e-mailing, texting, or otherwise circulating demeaning or offensive
pictures, cartoons, graffiti, notes or other materials that relate to race, ethnic
origin, gender or any other protected class.
Hazing: Any method of initiation into a student group or any pastime or amusement engaged
in with respect to such a group that causes, or is likely to cause, bodily danger
or physical harm, or serious mental or emotional harm, to any student or other person
attending any institution of higher education or postsecondary education. Excluded
from this definition are "customary athletic events or other similar contests or competitions."
Hostile environment: Any situation in which there is harassing conduct that is based on protected class
status and is sufficiently severe and/or pervasive and so objectively offensive that
it has the effect of altering the terms or conditions of employment or substantially
limiting the ability of a student to participate in or benefit from the college's
educational or social programs.
The determination of whether an environment is "hostile" must be based on all of the
circumstances. These circumstances could include:
(a) The frequency of the conduct;
(b) The nature and severity of the conduct;
(c) Whether the conduct was physically threatening;
(d) Whether the conduct was directed at more than one person;
(e) Whether the conduct arose in the context of other discriminatory conduct;
(f) Whether the statement is a mere utterance of an epithet which engenders offense
in an employee or student, or offends by mere discourtesy or rudeness;
(g) Whether the speech or conduct deserves protections of academic freedom or the
first amendment.
Protected class: Persons who are protected under state or federal civil rights laws, including laws
that prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, perceived
or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed, religion, honorably discharged
veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide dog or service animal.
Resolution: The means by which the complaint is finally addressed. This may be accomplished through
informal or formal processes, including counseling, mediation, or the formal imposition
of disciplinary sanction.
Respondent: Person or persons who are members of the campus community who allegedly discriminated
against or harassed another person or persons.
Sexual exploitation: Occurs when one person takes nonconsensual or abusive sexual advantage of another
for his/her own advantage or benefit, or to benefit or advantage anyone other than
the one being exploited, and that behavior does not otherwise constitute one of the
other sexual misconduct offenses. Examples of sexual exploitation include, but are
not limited to: Invasion of sexual privacy, engaging in voyeurism, nonconsensual video
or audio taping of sexual activity; sexually based stalking and/or bullying may also
be forms of sexual exploitation.
Sexual harassment: A form of discrimination consisting of unwelcome, gender-based verbal, written, electronic
and/or physical conduct. Sexual harassment does not have to be of a sexual nature,
however, and can include offensive remarks about a person's gender. There are two
types of sexual harassment.
(a) Hostile environment sexual harassment occurs when the conduct is sufficiently severe and/or pervasive and so objectively
offensive that it has the effect of altering the terms or conditions of employment
or substantially limiting the ability of a student to participate in or benefit from
the college's educational and/or social programs.
(b) Quid pro quo sexual harassment occurs when an individual in a position of real or perceived authority, conditions
the receipt of a benefit upon granting of sexual favors. Examples of conduct that
may qualify as sexual harassment include:
(i) Persistent comments or questions of a sexual nature;
(ii) A supervisor who gives an employee a raise in exchange for submitting to sexual
advances;
(iii) A professor who promises a student a better grade in exchange for sexual favors;
(iv) Sexually explicit statements, questions, jokes, photos, or anecdotes;
(v) Unwelcome touching, patting, hugging, kissing, or brushing against an individual's
body;
(vi) Remarks of a sexual nature about an individual's clothing, body, or speculations
about previous sexual experiences;
(vii) Persistent, unwanted attempts to change a professional relationship to an amorous
relationship;
(viii) Direct or indirect propositions for sexual activity;
(ix) Unwelcome letters, e-mails, texts, telephone calls, or other communications referring
to or depicting sexual activities.
Sexual violence: Is a type of sexual discrimination and harassment. Nonconsensual sexual intercourse,
nonconsensual sexual contact, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking are
all types of sexual violence.
(a) Nonconsensual sexual intercourse is any sexual intercourse (anal, oral, or vaginal), however slight, with any object,
by a person upon another person, that is without consent and/or by force. Sexual intercourse
includes anal or vaginal penetration by a penis, tongue, finger, or object, or oral
copulation by mouth to genital contact or genital to mouth contact.
(b) Nonconsensual sexual contact is any intentional sexual touching, however slight, with any object, by a person upon
another person that is without consent and/or by force. Sexual touching includes any
bodily contact with the breasts, groin, mouth, or other bodily orifice of another
individual, or any other bodily contact in a sexual manner.
(c) Domestic violence includes asserted violent misdemeanor and felony offenses committed by the victim's
current or former spouse, current or former cohabitant, person similarly situated
under domestic or family violence law, or anyone else protected under domestic or
family violence law.
(d) Dating violence means violence by a person who has been in a romantic or intimate relationship with
the victim. Whether there was such relationship will be gauged by its length, type,
and frequency of interaction.
(e) Stalking means intentional and repeated harassment or following of another person, which places
that person in reasonable fear that the perpetrator intends to injure, intimidate,
or harass that person. Stalking also includes instances where the perpetrator knows
or reasonably should know that the person is frightened, intimidated, or harassed,
even if the perpetrator lacks such intent.
Working day: Any day on which the college is open and can conduct legal business; typically excludes
Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays.
WAC 132V-305-040 Who may file a complaint. Any employee, applicant, student or visitor of the college may file a complaint. Complaints
may be submitted in writing or verbally. The college encourages the timely reporting
of any incidents of discrimination or harassment. For complainants who wish to submit
a written complaint, a formal complaint form is available on the college web site.
Hard copies of the complaint form are available at the following locations on campus:
Student services administration office, advising and counseling center and human resources
office. Any person submitting a discrimination complaint shall be provided with a
written copy of the college's nondiscrimination policies and procedures.
WAC 132V-305-050 Confidentiality and right to privacy. Although Tacoma Community College will attempt to honor complainants' requests for
confidentiality, it cannot guarantee complete confidentiality.
(1) Confidentiality requests and sexual violence complaints. The Title IX coordinator or designee will inform and obtain consent from the complainant
before commencing an investigation of a sexual violence complaint. If a sexual violence
complainant asks that his or her name not be revealed to the respondent or that the
college not investigate the allegation, the Title IX coordinator or designee will
inform the complainant that:
(a) The college will attempt to honor complainants' requests for confidentiality but
cannot guarantee complete confidentiality, and
(b) Maintaining confidentiality may limit the college's ability to fully respond to
the allegations, and
(c) Retaliation by the respondent and/or others is prohibited.
If the complainant still insists that his or her name not be disclosed or that the
college not investigate, the Title IX coordinator or designee will determine whether
the college can honor the request and at the same time maintain a safe and nondiscriminatory
environment for all members of the college community, including the complainant.
(2) Factors to be weighed during this determination may include, but are not limited
to:
(a) The seriousness of the alleged sexual violence;
(b) The age of the complainant;
(c) Whether the sexual violence was perpetrated with a weapon;
(d) Whether the respondent has a history of committing acts of sexual violence or
violence or has been the subject of other sexual violence complaints;
(e) Whether the respondent threatened to commit additional acts of sexual violence
against the complainant or others; and
(f) Whether relevant evidence can be obtained through other means (e.g., security
cameras, other witnesses, physical evidence).
(3) If the college is unable to honor a complainant's request for confidentiality,
the Title IX coordinator or designee will notify the complainant of the decision and
ensure that the complainant's identity is disclosed only to the extent reasonably
necessary to effectively conduct and complete the investigation.
(4) If the college decides not to conduct an investigation or take disciplinary action
because of a request for confidentiality, the Title IX coordinator or designee will
evaluate whether other measures are available to limit the effects of the alleged
harassment and prevent similar incidents and implement such measures if reasonably
feasible.
WAC 132V-305-060 Responsible employees and reporting responsibilities.
(1) The college is obligated to address acts of sex-based misconduct (including sexual
harassment and/or retaliation) of which a responsible employee knew or should have
known occurred. A "responsible employee" is any employee who:
(a) Has the authority to take action to redress sex-based misconduct;
(b) Has been given the duty of reporting incidents of sex-based misconduct or any
other misconduct by students; or
(c) Is a student employed by the college who could reasonably believe that they have
this responsibility.
(2) A responsible employee must report to the Title IX coordinator or designee all
relevant details about alleged sex-based misconduct (including sexual harassment and/or
retaliation) that the complainant or other person has shared. This includes the name
of the alleged respondent, if known, the complainant or other person who experienced
or witnessed the alleged sex-based misconduct, others involved in the alleged sex-based
misconduct, as well as relevant facts, including the date, time, and location. If
the complaint is against the Title IX coordinator, or his or her relative attending
or working for the college, the complainant should report the matter directly to the
president's office for referral to an alternate designee.
(3) A responsible employee should provide the following information to a complainant:
(a) The reporting obligations (discussed in subsection (2) of this section) of the
responsible employee;
(b) Complainant's option to request confidentiality and available confidential resources;
(c) Complainant's right to file a Title IX complaint with the college;
(d) Complainant's right to report a crime to local law enforcement.
(4) For convenience of student complaint reporting, there are college-designated responsible
employees and contact information on the college's web site.
(5) For a staff complaint of sex-based misconduct (including sexual harassment and/or
retaliation) by a student or another staff member, the staff complaint may be reported
to the immediate supervisor, with the supervisor report/referral to the Title IX coordinator
or designee. A direct report to the Title IX coordinator or designee will be more
expeditious in terms of processing the complaint. If the complaint is against the
Title IX coordinator, or his or her relative attending or working for the college,
the complainant should report the matter directly to the president's office for referral
to an alternate designee.
PROCEDURE
WAC 132V-305-070 Investigation procedure, notice and appeal. Upon receiving a discrimination complaint, the Title IX coordinator or designee will
assess the complaint and determine the appropriate steps to take, if any. The Title
IX coordinator or designee shall be responsible for commencing and overseeing all
investigations. Investigations may be conducted by the Title IX coordinator or designee.
If the investigation is assigned to someone other than the Title IX coordinator or
designee, the Title IX coordinator or designee shall inform the complainant and respondent
of the appointment of an investigator.
(1) Interim measures. The Title IX coordinator or designee may impose interim measures to protect the complainant
and/or respondent pending the outcome of the investigation. Interim measures may include,
but are not limited to, imposition of no contact orders, rescheduling classes, temporary
work reassignments, referrals for counseling or medical assistance, and imposition
of summary discipline on the respondent consistent with the college's student conduct
code or the college's employment policies and collective bargaining agreements.
(2) Investigation. Complaints shall be thoroughly and impartially investigated. The investigation shall
include, but is not limited to, interviewing the complainant and the respondent, relevant
witnesses, and reviewing relevant documents. The investigation shall be concluded
within a reasonable time, normally sixty working days barring exigent circumstances.
At the conclusion of the investigation the investigator shall set forth his or her
findings and recommendations in writing. If the investigator is a designee, the investigator
shall send a copy of the findings and recommendations to the Title IX coordinator
or designee who shall consider the findings and recommendations and determine, based
on a preponderance of the evidence, whether a violation of the nondiscrimination and
harassment policy occurred, and if so, what steps will be taken to resolve the complaint,
remedy the effects on any victim(s), and prevent its recurrence. The Title IX coordinator
or designee will issue a decision in writing to each party and to the appropriate
student services administrator or appointing authority. Possible remedial steps may
include, but are not limited to, referral for voluntary training/counseling, development
of a remediation plan, limited contact orders, and referral and recommendation for
formal disciplinary action. Referrals for disciplinary action will be consistent with
the student conduct code or college employment policies and collective bargaining
agreements.
(3) Written notice of decision to the parties and request for reconsideration. The complainant shall be informed in writing of the decision and of actions taken
or recommended to resolve the complaint, if any, that are directly related to the
complainant, such as a recommendation that the respondent not contact the complainant.
The complainant may be notified generally that the matter has been referred for disciplinary
action. The respondent shall be informed in writing of the decision and of actions
taken or recommended to resolve the complaint and shall be notified of referrals for
disciplinary action. Both the complainant and the respondent are entitled to review
any final findings, conclusions, and recommendations, subject to any FERPA confidentiality
requirements.
(4) Informal dispute resolution. Informal dispute resolution processes, including mediation, may be used to resolve
complaints, when appropriate. Informal dispute resolution shall not be used to resolve
complaints without the complainant's and the respondent's written agreement. If the
parties agree to engage in formal dispute resolution, all timelines and limitations
herein shall be tolled until a party or the Title IX coordinator or designee provides
written notice that they have discontinued mediation which they are free to do at
any time. In no event shall informal dispute resolution processes be used to resolve
complaints involving allegations of sexual violence.
(5) Final decision/reconsideration. Either the complainant or the respondent may seek reconsideration of the decision
by the Title IX coordinator or designee. Requests for reconsideration shall be submitted
in writing to the Title IX coordinator or designee within seven working days of receiving
the decision. Requests must specify which portion of the decision should be reconsidered
and the basis for reconsideration. If no request for reconsideration is received within
seven working days, the decision becomes final. If a request for reconsideration is
received, the Title IX coordinator or designee shall respond within ten working days
that the request is denied or granted. If the request for reconsideration is granted,
the Title IX coordinator or designee shall issue an amended decision within ten additional
working days from the date that the request for reconsideration was granted. Any amended
decision is final and no further reconsideration is available unless provided herein.
(6) Appeal for disciplinary action. If formal sanctions or disciplinary action is imposed as a result of a finding of
violation of this policy, a respondent may file an appeal. Appeals should succinctly
state the basis of the appeal, such as findings not supported by the evidence, sanction
is substantially disproportionate to the severity of the violation, due process was
violated.
(7) Student appeal. A student respondent may appeal sanctions or disciplinary action imposed under this
policy in accordance with WAC 132V-121-070. The complainant will receive notice of
the appeal and may submit either his/her own appeal or a written response to the student
respondent's appeal within ten working days, which will be considered by the student
conduct appeal board.
(8) Represented employee grievance. A professor or represented staff member may file a grievance under the applicable
collective bargaining agreement.
(9) Nonrepresented classified staff employee appeal. Nonrepresented classified staff may file an appeal with the personnel resources board
under WAC 357-52-020.
(10) Nonrepresented employee review. Nonrepresented employees may request review of disciplinary action through the supervisory
chain of command to the college president within twenty working days of the imposition
of discipline. This includes student workers if the discipline imposed resulted from
conduct that occurred during the performance of student employment and includes a
loss in pay as a sanction (nothing prohibits the Title IX coordinator or designee
and/or investigator from referring findings against a student employee to the chief
student conduct officer or designee for additional review under the code of student
conduct). The request for review must be a signed, written document articulating the
grounds for review. The responsible supervisor will respond to the request for review
within twenty working days of receipt. If the findings and/or discipline is upheld,
the college president's decision will constitute final action and there is no further
appeal within the college.
(11) Volunteer or visitor review. A volunteer or visitor respondent may request review by the college president of sanctions
imposed in response to findings under this policy.
WAC 132V-305-080 Publication of antidiscrimination policies and procedures. The policies and procedures regarding complaints of discrimination and harassment
shall be published and distributed as determined by the president or president's designee.
Any person who believes he or she has been subjected to discrimination in violation
of college policy will be provided a copy of these policies and procedures.
WAC 132V-305-090 Limits to authority. Nothing in this procedure shall prevent the college president or designee from taking
immediate disciplinary action in accordance with Tacoma Community College policies
and procedures, collective bargaining agreements, and federal, state, and municipal
rules and regulations.
Nothing in this policy or procedure limits the college from considering applicable
policies of the college when investigating complaints. For complaints involving students,
nothing in this policy or procedure limits the college from evaluating the conduct
of any student under the code of student conduct.
©