http://www.eicc.edu/about-eicc/general-information.aspx#privacypolicy
COVID-19 and Campus Information
About EICC
Future Students
Our Programs
Alumni & Giving
Businesses
Continuing Education
EICConnect
About EICC
History
General Information
Accreditation & Mission
Assessment
Colleges/Centers
Chancellor
Board of Trustees
Emeritus Award
Careers at EICC
Campus Security Report
Annual Notice of Non-Discrimination
FERPA
EICC Mobile Terms of Service
Strategic Plan/High Aspirations
Public Notices
Future Students
Applying
Our Programs
Transfer Information
Online Classes
Financial Aid/Tuition
Class Schedules
Catalog
Student Resources and Assistance
Student Services
Career Services
Student Life/Athletics
Events
Veterans & Military
High School Students
Guest Student
Academic Calendar
Our Programs
Program List
Degree Plan for Working Adults
Evening Associate's Degree
Apprenticeships
Value of an AA Degree
Honors Program
EICC Cyber Center
International Programs
Transfer Information
Online Classes
Alumni & Giving
EICCD Foundation
Paul B. Sharar (CCC) Foundation
MCC Foundation
SCC Foundation
CCC Alumni Association
MCC Alumni Association
SCC Alumni
Student & Alumni Resources
Career Services
Businesses
Customized Programs
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
Economic Development Programs
Iowa Waste Exchange
Environmental, Health and Safety Training
Muscatine Learning Consortium
Small Business Development Center
Business Information for Growth
Sector Boards
Continuing Education
CE Class Schedule
Register
Online Professional and Continuing Education
Adult Education/HSE (formerly GED)
English Language Acquisition (ELA)
Credit for Prior Learning (CPL)
Literacy
Summer Camps
EICC Testing Centers
EICConnect
Chat with Us
Eastern Iowa Community Colleges >> About Eastern Iowa Community Colleges >> General Information
About EICC
History
General Information
Accreditation & Mission
Assessment
Colleges and Centers
Chancellor
Board of Trustees
Emeritus Award
Careers at EICC
Student Handbook
Campus Security
Annual Notice of Non-Discrimination
FERPA
EICC Mobile Terms of Service
Strategic Plan/High Aspirations
Statement of Professional Standards
Public Notices
Perkins Performance Report
Our Programs
Colleges/Centers
Online Studies
General Information
This page links to PDF files. Use this link to download Adobe Reader
if needed.
There is a wealth of information available to current students at Eastern Iowa Community
Colleges. The following outlines available information and how to obtain it. Upon
request, a printed copy of any of the reports or information will be provided to students.
Additional information for current students is also available on the college’s intranet,
EICConnect .The Student Handbook
has been placed online for students' convenience. Should students have questions
about the handbook , please see the Dean of Student Development on your campus.
Non-discrimination Statement / Equal Educational Opportunities
It is the policy of Eastern Iowa Community College District not to discriminate in
its programs, activities, or employment on the basis of race, color, national origin,
sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, creed, religion, and actual
or potential family, parental or marital status, as required by the Iowa Code §§216.6
and 216.9, Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. §§ 2000d and
2000e), the Equal Pay Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. § 206, et seq.), Title IX (Educational
Amendments, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681-1688), Section 504 (Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C.
§ 794), and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. § 12101, et
seq.).
If you have questions or complaints related to compliance with this policy, please
contact Debora J. Sullivan, Equal Employment Opportunity Officer/Equity Coordinator,
Eastern Iowa Community College District, 101 West Third Street, Davenport, Iowa 52801,
563-336-3487, djsullivan@eicc.edu or the Director of the Office for Civil Rights, U.S. Department of Education, Citigroup
Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1475, Chicago, Illinois  60661-7204, phone
number 312-730-1560, fax 312-730-1576, OCR.Chicago@ed.gov.
EICC Annual Notice of Non-Discrimination
Translation Disclaimer
The official language used for the content of the Eastern Iowa Community Colleges’
website is English. Eastern Iowa Community Colleges website can be translated by using
Google™ Translate into different languages to serve our diverse communities. It is
important to understand that the website uses Google™ Translate, a third party service
that provides automated computer translations of web pages. EICC has no control over
the service provided by Google™ Translate and we do not endorse the accuracy or reliability
of the translation.While Google™ Translate uses state-of-the-art technology, it does so without the intervention
of human translators. The translations provided as part of the services are only an
approximation of the website's original content. You should not rely on Google™ Translate
to provide an exact translation of the website. NOT all text may be translated correctly
and some portions of the website may not be translated at all. Some files and other
items cannot be translated, including but not limited to, video content, graphical
buttons, drop down menus, graphics, and photos. In addition, some applications and/or
services may not work as expected when translated.EICC has no control over the nature, content, and availability of the service, and
accordingly, cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of the translation.
Because of this, EICC is not liable for any issues that may arise as a result of the
use of any translation service. Use of these services is done so at the user’s risk.
Any discrepancies created in the automated translation of the original text are not
binding. While we cannot control the translations powered by the Google™ Translate Service,
we are very dedicated to serving our community. Please contact the college for assistance
at 888-336-3907. For questions about Google Translate, including how to contribute to better translations,
visit: http://translate.google.com/support/
Website Accessibility Statement
Individuals using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, Braille reader, etc.)
who experience difficulty accessing information on this website, should send an email
to eiccinfo@eicc.edu
The e-mail should include the nature of the accessibility problem and the individual’s
e-mail address for a response. If the accessibility problem involves a particular
webpage, the message should include the URL (web address) of the page. We will contact
individuals having accessibility problems within three business days to assist them
and to provide them with the information being sought.
Accreditation
EICC is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission . HLC accreditation means our programs meet or exceed the standards for academic excellence
set for every public and private college in a 19-state region. The colleges are approved
by the Iowa Department of Education and the Board of Regents. Individual programs
are accredited by associations within their respective fields.
External agency accreditation of CTE programs enables EICC to assess changing workplace
knowledge and skill needs for EICC graduates and adapt its programs to fit them. The
following CTE programs maintain their occupational or state/federally required accreditations:
Automotive Collision Repair Technology (Automotive Service Excellence (ASE)/National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation
(NATEF) Certification)
Automotive Technology (Automotive Service Excellence (ASE))
Cancer Information Management Program (National Cancer Registrars Association and students who complete EICC’s program
are eligible to sit for the CTR exam under eligibility Route 2)
Culinary Arts Chef Apprenticeship Program (United States Department of Labor, Office of Apprenticeship and the American Culinary
Federation through the Quad Cities Chefs de Cuisine, Chapter IL 032)
Diesel Technology (Automotive Service Excellence (ASE))
Dental Assisting Program (Commission on Dental Accreditation (CODA) of the American Dental Association)
Electroneurodiagnostic Technology (Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education
Programs)
Emergency Medical Technician-Paramedic (Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP)
Health Information Technology Program (Commission on Accreditation for Health Informatics and Information Management (CAHIIM))
Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning (HVAC Excellence)
Radiologic Technology Program (American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT))
Registered Nurse Program and Licensed Practical Nursing Program (Iowa Board of Nursing)
Respiratory Care Program (Commission on Accreditation for Respiratory Care (CoARC))
Surgical Technology Program (Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Program (CAAHEP))
Veterinary Technician Program (American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) Committee on Veterinary Technician
Education and Activities (CVTEA))
Alcohol and Drug Prevention
See Student Handbook for information.
Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data
Number of athletes, athletic teams, financial reports, completion graduation rates
and transfer out rates
Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act Report 2019
For more information: Contact the Deans of Student Development on your campus
Campus Security
Crime awareness statistics and campus security informationAnnual Campus Safety and Security Report Campus Crime Statistics - Clinton
- Muscatine
- Scott For more information: Student Handbook Crime/Security Section
Career Services
Assistance in preparing for your job search and posting of jobs are available on each
campus. See the Career Services Office on your campus for additional information.
Code of Conduct for Educational Loans
HF 2690 Model Education Loan Code of Conduct for Covered Postsecondary Institutions
Completion/Graduation Rates, Transfer Out Rates, Student Retention Rates, Program
Outcomes and Perkins Performance Report
Academic Awards
IPEDS Graduation Data
Retention Rates
Satisfactory Academic Progress
EICC Transfer Report 2020
Successful Completion of Credit Hours
Perkins Performance Report
Program Outcomes
Technology Policy
see Student Handbook Technology Policy
Cost of Attendance Samples
Course Withdrawal Policy
EICConnect
EICConnect serves as the official means of communication between students and the college.
EICC Alert
In an effort to keep students safe and informed in weather and other emergency situations,
Eastern Iowa Community Colleges provides a mobile text message alert system to help
notify students, faculty and staff of school closings and other important information
with EICC Alert.
Faculty/Personnel Directory
FERPA
The Federal Educational Right to Privacy Act provides for students' rights in respect
to education records.For more information: Student Handbook FERPA Section
or FERPA
Financial Assistance
State, federal or local financial assistance and how to apply for aid as well as guidelines
for maintaining your eligibility for aid is available for your review.For more information: Student Handbook Financial Aid Section
or Financial Aid
Fire Safety Report/Campus Housing
Hansen Hall Fire Report
Student Housing Fire Report
Missing Person Procedures
Institutional Information
Tuition and fees schedules, refund policy & Title IV recipient refund policy, officially
withdrawing from school, academic programs, accreditation and approval information,
services and facilities for disabled students can be found in the Student Handbook .
Pregnancy and Parenting
See the Student Handbook for information about Pregnancy and Parenting on campus.
Professional Licensure Information
Service Animals
See Student Handbook for information about service animals on campus.
Services for Students with Disabilities
Services for students with disabilities are available on each of the campuses. It
is important that students see the campus liaison for assistance. Student Development
staff can assist in connecting students to the liaison. More information can be found in the student handbook.
Sexual Harassment
EICC is committed to providing workplaces and learning places that are free from sexual
harassment of any kind. In general, sexual harassment encompasses any sexually related
conduct which causes discomfort, embarrassment or humiliation, and any harassing conduct,
sexually related or otherwise directed toward an individual because of that individuals
gender. Sexual violence is a form of sexual harassment. More information in the Student Handbook.
Sexual Assault/Violence
EICC is committed to providing an environment that is free from all forms of sexual
abuse, assault, and coercive conduct.  The college encourages students to report sexual
assault immediately to the local police department.  Any student who is sexually assaulted
or is the victim of sexual harassment should contact the Dean of Student Development
(CCC- Michelle Allmendinger; MCC- Shelly Cram Rahlf; SCC- Michael Beane).The Student Handbook Sexual Assault/Violence Section provides details for the reporting and grievance procedures for incidents of sexual
harassment and sexual assault.
State-Based Student Complaints Process
The Iowa College Student Aid Commission (the Commission) has overarching, statutory
authority under Iowa Code Chapter 261B to determine the registration (i.e., licensure
or authorization) status of postsecondary educational institutions that operate at
a physical location within the State of Iowa or that offer distance education courses
and programs to Iowa residents. In addition, the Commission administers provisions
of Iowa’s student consumer protection laws in Iowa Code Section 714.18, 714.19, 714.23,
714.24 that address financial  responsibility for certain educational institutions,
and, for proprietary institutions, a tuition refund policy for withdrawn students.Persons who have questions about a postsecondary educational institution’s compliance
with Iowa Code Chapter 261B, and Iowa Code Sections 714.18, 714.19, 714.23, and 714.24
should contact:J. Carolyn SmallPostsecondary Registration AdministratorIowa College Student Aid Commission(515) 725-3413Carolyn.small@iowa.gov In addition, the Iowa College Student Aid Commission maintains a Constituent Request
for Review process that meets the conditions of federal regulations in 34 CFR 600.9(a)(1).
These regulations state that a postsecondary educational institution located in a
State is legally authorized by the State, in part, if the State has a process to review
and appropriate act on complaints concerning the institution. The Commission accepts
complaints from any student attending any postsecondary educational institution located
in Iowa, and from any Iowa resident attending a postsecondary educational institution
located in any other State.A student may initiate the Constituent Request for Review process here .
Student Diversity
There are a variety of students who enroll in the colleges of EICC. The average age
of students in the District is 24.5 years of age. Roughly 60% of the students are
women. About 90% of our students are from the state of Iowa.
Student Demographics and Diversity Information
State or Federal Financial Aid Recipient Demographics and Diversity Information
Student Resource Center
Student Resource Center on ICCOC website
Technology Policy
See Student Handbook for Technology Policy
Transfer of Credit
EICC accepts transfer credit from colleges and universities accredited by the North
Central Association of Schools or its regional affiliates. Credit for equivalent courses
will be accepted to satisfy specific course requirements for graduation. The transfer
credit received may vary depending on the academic program and college registrars
will decide on elective credit or course substitutions on an individual basis. Transfer
credit will be recorded on the EICC transcript after a transfer evaluation has been
requested. Transfer grades are not used in the EICC grade point average.From Career and Technical to Arts and Science ProgramsThe college reserves the right to refuse credit earned more than 10 years before the
proposed program completion date. All credit earned at one of the colleges of EICC
will transfer to another EICC college, with the limitations outlined above.Credit earned in career and transfer courses at EICC or other accredited institutions
may be accepted for an AA or AS program. A maximum of 16 hours of that credit may
be accepted as elective credit for an Arts and Science degree.For more information please see the Student Handbook Transfer Degrees Section
or Transfer Guides.
Title IV Refund Policy
Tuition and Fees
Tuition Refund Policy
Voter Registration
All students are encouraged to take an active role in the election process. Voter registration information
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Eastern Iowa Community Colleges website and reviewing our
privacy statement. Eastern Iowa Community Colleges does not collect personal information
about visitors to our Website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Eastern Iowa Community Colleges does not sell, exchange or release information gathered
from your visit to our website to parties outside the college without your consent.
Once we obtain your consent, we consider it valid until revoked by you.
Information collected and stored automatically
If you visit our website, we automatically gather and store the following information
about your visit so that we can track the use of our Website in order to make improvements.
This information is stored and used in the aggregate only, and is not used to contact
you personally:
The IP address from which you access our Website
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if
you are connecting from an America Online account)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our Website
The date and time you access our site
The pages, files, documents and links that you visit
The Internet address of the website from which you linked to this Website
Cookies
In addition to information collected automatically, we may also collect cookies, which
are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit.
Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as
well as to record other information from the Website. When you register on the Website,
cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it
the next time you visit. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements
are made based on the data derived from cookies. Information that we collect from
cookies will not be used to create profiles of users and only will be used in aggregate
form.
You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you
so choose, you may still gain access to most of the college's Website, but you may
not be able to take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered.
If you send us Personal Information
The Eastern Iowa Community Colleges website will only collect personal information
which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending emails, completing
membership forms, registering for classes, events, or other programs, responding to
surveys or ordering merchandise. If you provide us with personal information, we will
normally respond to your inquiry, request or order. We may also contact you to provide
information about college activities, programs, membership and development opportunities
and special events that may interest you.Eastern Iowa Community Colleges will only share information about you to other parties
when one or more of the following conditions apply:
We have your consent to share the information.
We need to share your information to provide the service or product you requested.
We need to send your information to companies who work on behalf of Eastern Iowa Community
Colleges to provide a service or product to you.
We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or any other legal process.
We find it necessary to protect and defend the legal rights and/or property of Eastern
Iowa Community Colleges.
Student directory information may be released without the student’s written consent.
Directory information includes: name, address, email address, I.D., photo, telephone
number, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in Eastern Iowa Community
Colleges activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, dates
of attendance at Eastern Iowa Community Colleges, degrees, certificates and awards
received, and the most recent previous educational institution attended. If you do
not want your directory information released, you must complete a form requesting
it not be released and file the form with the Director of Registration and Student
Records.
Linking
Within the our website there are links to non-EICC Websites. When you link to third
party websites, you leave our Website and no longer will be subject to our privacy
policy. Eastern Iowa Community Colleges is not responsible for the privacy practices
nor the content of non-EICC websites, and such link is not intended to be an endorsement
of the non-EICC website or its content.
Questions? Call toll-free 1-888-336-3907, email eiccinfo@eicc.edu or contact the college
nearest you and ask to speak to an advisor.
Clinton Community College, 563-244-7000
Muscatine Community College, 563-288-6000
Scott Community College, 563-441-4000
It is the policy of Eastern Iowa Community College District not to discriminate in
its programs, activities, or employment on the basis of race, color, national origin,
sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, creed, religion, and actual
or potential family, parental or marital status, as required by the Iowa Code §§216.6
and 216.9, Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. §§ 2000d and
2000e), the Equal Pay Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. § 206, et seq.), Title IX (Educational
Amendments, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681-1688), Section 504 (Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C.
§ 794), and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (42 U.S.C. § 12101, et
seq.). If you have questions or complaints related to compliance with this policy,
please contact Debora J. Sullivan, Equal Employment Opportunity Officer/Equity Coordinator,
Eastern Iowa Community College District, 101 West Third Street, Davenport, Iowa 52801,
563-336-3487, djsullivan@eicc.edu or the Director of the Office for Civil Rights,
U.S. Department of Education, Citigroup Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1475,
Chicago, Illinois 60661-7204, phone number 312-730-1560, fax 312-730-1576, OCR.Chicago@ed.gov.
©