https://www.loras.edu/privacy/
Skip to content
Menu
Visit Us
About Loras
Bookstore
Catholic Identity
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Ecommerce
Loras College Employment Opportunities
History
Loras at a Glance – Outcomes
Mission Vision Values
Admission
Apply Now
Undergraduate Students
Transfer Students
International Students
Graduate and Postbaccalaureate Students
Pay Your Deposit
Visit Us!
Contact Us
Academics
Honors
Internships, Service-learning & Study abroad
Loras Library
Undergraduate and Graduate Majors & Programs
Registrar
ROTC
Summer Term
January Term
Campus Life
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Health and Safety
Housing & Dining
Organizations & Leadership
Financial Aid & Tuition
FAFSA
Scholarships & Grants
Tuition & Fees
Spiritual Life
Catholic Identity
Peace and Justice
Service & Social Justice Experience Trips
Worship
Giving
Caritas
Make A Gift
Planned Giving
Ways To Give
Why Give
Majors and Programs
Alumni
Athletics
Contact Us
News & Events
Maps & Directions
Make A Gift
Privacy Statement
Our Commitment to Privacy
Loras College Privacy Policy
The privacy of visitors to our web sites is very important to us. This privacy policy outlines the types of personal information received, collected, and used by Loras College through its suite of web sites and online service partners (hereafter referred to as Loras College sites and services).
The college adheres to legal requirements prescribed by relevant statutes, such as the (FERPA) Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974. Our FERPA document notice may be found online.
This privacy policy should be considered a baseline standard. The privacy policies of individual Loras College departments may provide standards that are more rigorous or restrictive. Check individual departmental web pages for any further information on their policies.
Information We Collect
Personally Identifiable Information
The College collects information you provide when you apply for admission, register for campus visits and events, apply for employment, make charitable contributions, or otherwise interact with the College’s sites and services. Some of the information submitted by you or collected during your relationship with the College may be personally identifiable information.
Types of personal information include, but are not limited to:
Full legal name
Social security number
Date of birth
Address
Email address and phone numbers
Parent’s or guardian’s full name(s) and contact information
Gender and sex
Ethnicity, race, and national origin
Academic information
Enrollment information
Employment information
Donation information
Involvement in work, school, and community activities
Personal essays
Browsing and navigation behavior on our sites and networks
Financial information
Aggregate Data
Like other web sites, Loras College sites and services make use of log or session files. This is information automatically collected from you each time you visit our site. Log files typically include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks. None of this information, individually or grouped together—referred to in total as “aggregate data”—will be used to identify a specific individual.
Third Parties Providing Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information [PII] may also be provided to us by third parties.  Examples include, but are not limited to: other educational institutions, former employers, admissions test providers such as ACT and SAT, and payment processors. We encourage you to review any privacy policies provided to you whenever you give your personally identifiable information
How We Use Information Collected
Personally identifiable information and/or aggregate data collected by Loras College may be used for the following:
to consider your candidacy for admission to or employment with the College
to evaluate your eligibility for financial aid
to facilitate your education, if you are admitted to and enroll in the College
to provide opportunities to engage with the College, alumni, donors, prospective donors, and students through interactions, events, and financial transactions
to provide academic courses and programs
for our marketing and promotional efforts
to prevent, investigate, take action against fraud, spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, violations of College policies, and security risks
to meet legal obligations
to provide, improve, and customize our educational offerings
to administer College operations
to offer attendance to events and opportunities to volunteer
to conduct admissions and development research
to understand how our sites and services are being used
to support the safety and security of our students, faculty, fellows, employees and others
Loras College does not disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data automatically stored in a user’s browser when a website is visited. Loras College may place cookies on a visitor’s computer to store information about visitor preferences, record user-specific information on pages accessed or visited, customize web page content based on browser type or device, or to present visitors with content or advertisements about Loras College on other web pages they subsequently visit.
Users can set their browsers to accept or reject cookies. Note that some parts of the College web site may not function properly, or may be considerably slower, if cookies are rejected.
Third-Party Use of Cookies
Loras College sites and services may place specialized coding on web pages that allows a third party to insert a cookie into a visitor’s browser. These are used for the purposes of presenting a visitor with online advertisements about Loras College after leaving our site.
When you use Loras College sites and services online, a third-party vendor may automatically receive your IP address. This aggregate information is used to deliver tailored advertising content about Loras College and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
A third-party vendor may also collect aggregate information about the number of Loras College advertisements viewed and the number of times users click on the advertisements. This type of information is used to track the success of these advertisements. (Note: Loras College’s privacy policy does not apply to, nor can we control the activities of, other advertisers or web sites.)
Users may control third-party cookies via their web browser preference settings. Users may also opt out of the use of third-party cookies, in general, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. As with the College website, other websites may not function properly, or may be considerably slower, if cookies are rejected.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties
Loras College occasionally retains the services of third parties to process information or financial transactions. Before providing personally identifiable information to a third party, Loras College will obtain a non-disclosure and confidentiality agreement from the third party. Aggregate data and/or information that is publicly available is not subject to such agreements.
We will disclose personal information when required by law, judicial process, warrant, or subpoena.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on or linked to our online platforms. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Loras College is firmly committed to data security. To restrict unauthorized access and to ensure data integrity and security, Loras College implements physical, electronic, and administrative policies and procedures intended to safeguard information the College collects and/or stores. However, the College cannot assure or warrant absolute data security.
Children’s Privacy
Loras College does not deliberately collect, or attempt to collect, personal information from children known to be under the age of thirteen (13). The College cannot always determine, however, if a visitor is a child. In general, the subject matter provided on the College’s web site is not directed toward children under the age of thirteen (13).
Credit Card Transactions
Credit card information is collected only to process financial transactions that you initiate. This information is securely handled and is processed by third party companies including, but not limited to CashNet and Blackbaud Merchant Services. For additional information, please review their privacy policies: CashNet | Blackbaud Merchant Services
Your Consent & How to Contact Us
By visiting Loras College sites and services, you consent to the collection, storage, and dissemination of personally identifiable information and aggregate data as described above. We review this policy annually and reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact the Loras College Office of Communications at Marketing@Loras.edu 563-557-4092.
Effective Date
This policy was updated on October 1, 2019.
see privacy policy for alumni.loras.edu