http://www.cawp.rutgers.edu/privacy
Jump to navigation
Menu
Facts
Women Elected Officials Database
Current Numbers
State by State Information
Levels of Office
Federal Executive
U.S. Supreme Court
Congress
Statewide Executive
State Legislature
Local
Women of Color
Voters
Gender Gap
Turnout
Women's Vote Watch
New Jersey
Facts
Research
Programs
Milestones for Women in Politics
Election Watch
Election Analysis
Presidential Watch
2020 Women Candidates
2020 Candidates Summary
2020 Rebound Candidates
2020 Candidates for State Legislatures
Women in State Legislative Elections - History by State
Woman v. Woman Races
Women as Percentage of 2020 Candidates
2020 Presidential Gender Gap Poll Tracker
Past Election Information and Analysis
State Candidates Use of Campaign Funds for Childcare Expenses
Research & Scholarship
Candidate Recruitment
Candidates and Campaigns
Civic and Political Activism
Impact of Women Public Officials
Political Parties
Women Political Appointees
Women of Color in Politics
Women Voters and the Gender Gap
Women and Term Limits
A Closer Look: Research Briefs
The CAWP Series in Gender and American Politics
Research Inventory on Women and Politics
CAWP Recruitment Studies Datasets
Research from CAWP Scholars Kelly Dittmar, Kira Sanbonmatsu, and Susan Carroll.
Education & Training
Women's Political Power Map
NJ Bipartisan Coalition for Women's Appointments
Ready to Run®
Becoming a Network Partner
Ready to Run® New Jersey
NEW Leadership®
New Jersey Program
NEW Leadership® National Network
Hazel Frank Gluck Award
Senator Wynona Lipman Chair in Women's Political Leadership
Teach a Girl to Lead®
100 Years of Women's Suffrage
Program News and Updates
Virtual Events
News & Media
Press Releases
CAWP in the News
Newsletters
About
Mission and History
About Eagleton
CAWP Internships
CAWP Awards
Directions to CAWP
Faculty and Staff
Donate
Leave a Legacy
Sponsor
Supporters
Blog
Search
Search
Privacy Policy
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, this site collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use the website. From time to time, we may share non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate with our partners for the purposes of improving the service we provide.
This site also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such information to identify our visitors, however, and do not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our website choose to interact with the site in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that this site gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a name and email address. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with the site. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We disclose potentially personally-identifying information only to those of our employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on this site’s behalf or to provide services available on the website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using this site, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to our employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of our organization, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of this site and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the site and our organization. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. This site uses cookies to help us study our visitors' usage of the site, and potentially keep track of visitors' website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our site, with the drawback that certain features of the site may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.