http://www.ccd.edu/privacy-electronic-communications-policies
Skip to main content
Coronavirus Updates
Create Your Path!
MegaMenu_academics.jpg
Explore the Academic Pathways
Helpful Links
A-Z Departments
A-Z Programs
Course Catalog
- A-Z Certificates & Degrees by Program
- Degree Types & Descriptions
- Degrees with Designation (State-Wide Transfer Degrees)
Academic Calendar
Schedule of Courses
Honors Programs & Societies
CCD Online
Transfer Agreements
Academic Resources
Academic Advising & Student Success Center
Accessibility Center
Auraria Library
Career & Transfer Center
Computer Hubs
CCDConnect
D2L
Excel Zone
Testing Center
Get Access
Academic Calendar
Calendar of Events
College Catalog
CCDConnect
Computer Labs
Cost Calculator
D2L
DegreeWorks FAQs
Email Access
Student Success Workshops
Find It!
Academic Programs
A-Z Departments
Need Technical Help?
Call the CCD Helpdesk at 303.352.3030
Forms & Publications
Forms & Documents
Student Handbook
Course Catalogs & Schedule of Courses
How Do I Make a Complaint or Appeal?
Conduct Incident Report
Student Complaint Form
Discrimination & Harassment Reporting
Popular Links
Auraria Library
Career & Transfer Center
Financial Literacy
Graduation & Commencement
Pay or Register Online
Get Official or Unofficial CCD Transcript
Student Fees
Student Life
Find It!
Office of the President
Office of the Provost
Enrollment Administration & Student Success
Human Resources
CCD Foundation
A-Z Departments
Academic Programs
Directory
Faculty & Staff
Access
Campus Safety
CCDConnect
D2L
Document Library
Email Access
InsideCCD Intranet
Request Meeting Space
Reporting
Academic Misconduct
Conduct Incident Report
Directory Change Request
Harassment & Discrimination
Website Change Request
Learn More
About CCD
Accreditation
Auraria Campus
Auraria Library
Campus Locations
CCD Foundation
CityHawk Talk Blog
Cost Calculator
Contact Us
Diversity at CCD
Our Economic Impact
History of the College
Visit the Auraria Campus
Community Services
Center for Workforce Initiatives
Colorado Community College System
Community Clinics
Educational Opportunity Center
HS Counselors & Workforce Centers
Partnership Opportunities
Press Room
Request Event Space
Work at CCD
MegaMenu_about.jpg
View our open positions & join our community of award-winning professionals.
Mission &
Strategic Plan
The faculty, staff, & volunteers at CCD make up a unique community with a shared vision resulting in an inspired & quality higher education.
Together, we can shape an extraordinary future. Learn More about Our Goals & Institutional Outcomes.
Search Community College of Denver
You are herePrivacy & Electronic Communications Policies
Privacy & Electronic Communications PoliciesThis privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.CCD.edu, as well as outlines CCD’s Electronic Communications Policy. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use & Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other, direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to send you information.
Unless you specifically ask us not to, we may contact you via email or by text in the future to tell you about new services or changes to this privacy policy.
Electronic Communications Policy
CCD has adopted a policy to guide usage of all forms of electronic communication, including email, Internet services, texting, voicemail, audio and video conferencing, and fax messages that are sent or received by faculty, staff, students, and other authorized users of CCD resources.
In general, CCD provides various forms of electronic communication for teaching, learning and College operations. All records created through the electronic communication equipment provided by CCD are the property of the College. People who are authorized to use email and voicemail provided by CCD may make personal use of those media, as long as there is no direct cost to the College.
All electronic communication at CCD must meet the standards of conduct, laws, and regulations published in such official CCD, state, and federal documents as the CCD Catalog, CCD Student Code of Conduct, any CCD faculty handbook, and the Colorado State Employees Handbook.
CCD electronic communications may not be used for commercial purposes, e.g., to send copies of documents in violation of copyright laws, to transmit information that is restricted by laws or regulations, to intimidate, threaten, or harass other individuals, or to interfere with the ability of others to conduct CCD business, forge communication so it appears to be from someone else, to get unauthorized access to data, files, or other communication, to breach security measures in order to access electronically stored information in any way, or sending chain letters or jokes of any nature.
CCD does not routinely monitor electronic communication. Message contents are inspected only to protect health, safety, or security. Still, the contents of email messages can be disclosed as a result of the legal discovery, writ, warrant or subpoena, or as a result of a request under the Colorado Open Records Law.
Form Submissions
If you wish to submit a form on this website, you may be required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Your Access to & Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting CCDWeb@ccd.edu.
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site and to serve relevant ads across the Internet. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
This site uses Google Analytics, including Google Display Network Impression Reporting and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, to measure and record anonymous visitor data. This anonymous data may be used to serve advertisements via Google's advertising and Remarketing channels and third-party vendors to users on various websites. This site and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to this site. You can opt-out of these reports by using Google's Ads Settings or Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at CCDWeb@ccd.edu.
Photography & Recording of College Activities
Community College of Denver often uses photographs and audio/video recordings of college life, events, ceremonies, and other activities for purposes related to the educational mission of the College, including education, research, publicity, marketing and promotion of college programs.
By being present in areas open to the public or at public college events and activities, individuals authorize use and reproduction by the College or anyone authorized by the College of any photographs or recordings taken while at the college event or activity without compensation. All such photographs and recordings (including electronic) shall be the sole property of the College.
The College may work with individuals requesting to be excluded from college photography/recordings when practical. Individuals not wanting to be photographed or recorded have the option of leaving the area being photographed/recorded.
Contact Us
303.556.2600
Welcome Center
Confluence Building
800 Curtis Street
Denver, CO 80204
Physical Address
Cherry Creek Building
1111 W Colfax Avenue
Denver, CO 80204
Mailing Address
Campus Box 201 | P.O. Box 173363 | Denver, CO 80217
View Annual Report
Send Your Feedback