http://www.edcc.edu/about/privacy-policy.html
Edmonds College: About Our College - Privacy Policy
More Information
Dismiss
Skip Navigation to Page Content
Give Now!
My EC
Main
Students
Employees
International
Continuing Education
Get Info
Advising
Apply
My EC
Give Now!
Search:
Submit Search:
Get Info
Advising
Apply
Menu
Toggle navigation
Select a Site
Main
Students
Employees
International
Continuing Education
I am
Alumni
Current Student
Donor
Employer/Business
Faculty or Staff
Future Student
Graduating High School Senior
High School Counselor/Staff
High School Student
International Student
Online Student
Parent of a Student
Visiting Student
Visitors and Community
About
Campus
Diversity
Governance
Job Opportunities
Mission
President's Welcome
Quick Facts
Visit
Academics
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Areas of Study
Continuing Education
CWU Lynnwood
Degrees and Certificates
ESL for Residents
International Programs
Library
Online Programs
Pre-College Programs
Study Abroad
Transcripts and Grades
Transfer Programs
Enroll
En Español
Advising
Apply
Class Schedule
Explore Programs
Financial Aid
My Student Info Quick Links
Online Programs
Outreach and Recruitment
Pay Tuition
Registration Deadlines
Scholarships
Tuition and Fees
Triton Life
Athletics
Arts and Culture
Campus Resources
Center for Student Engagement & Leadership (CSEL)
Clubs and Organizations
Food Pantry
Game Room
Green Team
Housing
Job Opportunities
Service Learning
Student Government
Study Abroad
News & Events
Awards and Recognition
EdmondsSphere Blog
Event Calendar
Features
Media Relations
News
The Triton Quarterly
Venues and Catering
SOCIAL
Search
Search Submit
close
close
MY EDMONDS COLLEGE
TOOLKIT
Academic Calendar
A-Z Index
Canvas
Class Schedule
Directory
Ed Mail
Library
Online Learning
Register for Classes
Transcripts and Grades
Campus is operating remotely. Show Details.
Posted Sept. 23 - Serving and supporting students and the community remotely. Please do not come to campus unless you have an in-person class. Text us your questions at 425.243.0867. COVID-19 updates | Fall 2020 Back to School Guide | Get ready to learn online | Get your books
About Our College
About Our CollegePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Information
You may contact Edmonds College as follows:
To review your personal information, or request correction of your personal information,
you may contact:
Mushka RohaniExecutive Director of Human ResourcesEdmonds College 20000 68th Ave. W.Lynnwood, Washington U.S.A. 98036-5999425.640.1647 or 425.218.0430 | mushka.rohani@edcc.eduTo offer comments about the Edmonds College's website, or about the information presented
in this Privacy Notice: Webmaster Edmonds College 20000 68th Ave. W Lynnwood, Washington U.S.A. 98036-5999 425.640.1459 | webmaster@edcc.edu
Cookies
To better serve our users we are now using "cookies" to customize your browsing experience
with the Edmonds College Web site. Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer
by your web browser. Cookies created on your computer by using this website do not contain personally
identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We use the
cookie feature only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer.
Security
The Edmonds College, as developer and manager of the Edmonds College website, takes
precautions to safeguard personal information you provide through our web services. This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or
other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via
the Edmonds College websites.
Disclaimer
The Edmonds College website has many links to other websites. These include links
to websites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private
businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the Edmonds College
website and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another website,
you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. Neither the State of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State
of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information
published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services
linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance
on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information
may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information
obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Review and Correction of Personally Identifiable Information
You can review any personally identifiable information we collect about you by using
the information in the Contact Information section at the end of this Notice. You
may recommend changes to your personally identifiable information you believe to be
inaccurate by submitting an email or written request that credibly shows the inaccuracy. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections. (RCW 43.105.310)
Information Collected and How it Is Used
Information collected if you only browse this site.
If you do nothing during your visit to our website but browse, read pages, or download
information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information
does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store the following
information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol address
is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly
to your computer. We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic
to you. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service
provider (e.g. xcompany.com or yourschool.edu);
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The web pages or services you accessed at this site; and
The website you visited prior to coming to this website.
The information we automatically collect or store is used by Edmonds College only
to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are
using our services. Edmonds College analyzes the website logs to determine how our
website is being used, so that we may continually improve the site's usefulness to
the public.
What We Collect if You Volunteer Information:
If during your visit to our website you participate in a survey, send an email, or
perform some other transaction on-line, the following additional information will
be collected:
The email address and content of email, for those who communicate with us via email.
Information volunteered in response to a survey.
Information volunteered through an online form for any other purpose.
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio,
video, and graphic information formats you send us.
We use your email to respond appropriately. This may be to respond to you, to address
issues you may identify, to further improve our website, or to forward the email to
another agency for appropriate action. Survey information is used improve the content
of our web services. Information from other online forms is used to improve the content
of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services, and
to contact users about college programs, class information, events, and other services.
Personal Information and Choice
You may choose whether to provide personal information online.
"Personal information" is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable
to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's
name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not
considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to
us by sending us email, participating in a survey, or completing an online form. You
may choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey, or to provide any
personal information using an online form. Your choice to not participate in these
activities will not impair your ability to browse the Edmonds College website and
read or download any information provided on the site.
If personal information is requested on the website or volunteered by the user, state
law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information
is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and
copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than
what was intended when submitted, you may contact the Vice President of Human Resources,
as shown in the Contact Information Section of this statement.
The Edmonds College website is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect
any personal information from children. Users are cautioned that the collection of
personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by e-mail
will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public
access.
Public Access to Information
In the state of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that
the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by
state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to
access public records that serve various needs including the privacy of individuals.
Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site becomes public records that may be subject
to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an exemption in law exists.
RCW 42.17.260(1) states that
Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection
and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions
of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.17.260(6)], RCW 42.17.310, 42.17.315, or
other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records.
To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests
protected by RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315, an agency shall delete identifying details
in a manner consistent with RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315 when it makes available or
publishes any public record; however, in each case, the justification for the deletion
shall be explained fully in writing.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act
or other law governing the agency’s disclosure of records, the Public Records Act
or other applicable law will control.
About Our College
Academic Catalog
Doing Business with the College
Excellence in Education Award
Facilities Master Plan
Financial Information
Hours of Operation
Nondiscrimination Information
Our Mission
President's Welcome
Privacy Policy
Public Records Request
Strategic Plan
Website Notice
About
About Edmonds College
Diversity
Governance
Job Opportunities
Mission
Contact
Contact Us
Employee Directory
Driving Directions
425.640.1459
info@edcc.edu
On Campus
Campus Maps
Campus Resources
Incident Reporting
Office Hours
Parking
Policies
Nondiscrimination
Privacy
Safety and Security
Student Right to Know
Give
Edmonds College Foundation
Donate Now
Follow President Dr. Amit B. Singh
© 2020 Copyright Edmonds College All Rights Reserved | Last Updated:
20000 68th Ave. W, Lynnwood, WA 98036 | 425.640.1459
Last Updated: 9/30/20