http://www.sullivan.edu/hatfield-media-privacy
Click here to enable the accessibility widget for this website (Can also be opened using the Alt+9 Key)
PRIVACY POLICY
Hatfield Media Web Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to all websites operated by Hatfield Media and governs data collection and usage. Our Privacy Policy applies to all products, services and websites offered by
Hatfield Media. By using any Hatfield Media website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hatfield Media may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name and email address. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Hatfield Media. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is
used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hatfield Media websites.
Hatfield Media encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Hatfield Media so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Hatfield Media is not responsible for the
privacy statements or other content on websites outside of Hatfield Media websites.
Individuals are responsible for providing Hatfield Media with accurate and complete personal information, and for contacting Hatfield Media at contact@hatfieldmedia.com if correction of such information is required
You may refuse to provide personal information, or deny or withdraw consent to use personal information. If so, Hatfield Media may not be able to provide you with its services.
Use of your Personal Information
Hatfield Media collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Hatfield Media may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hatfield Media and its affiliates. Hatfield Media may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your
opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Hatfield Media does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Hatfield Media may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal
information except to provide these services to Hatfield Media, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Hatfield Media may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Hatfield Media, in order to determine what Hatfield Media services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hatfield
Media to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Personal information is (a) used only for the purposes identified in the notice and only if the individual has provided implicit or explicit consent, unless a law or regulation specifically requires otherwise, (b) retained for no longer than
necessary to fulfill the stated purposes, or for a period specifically required by law or regulation, and (c) disposed of in a manner that prevents loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access.
Obtaining access to your personal information to review, update, and correct that information is done by contacting marketingteam@Hatfield Media.com
If information that was previously collected will be used for purposes not previously identified in the privacy notice, we will notify you and obtain consent prior to such new use or purpose. Continued use of any Hatfield Media web service after
this policy is updated and displayed, implies consent.
Use of Cookies
The Hatfield Media website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hatfield Media pages, or
register with a Hatfield Media site or services, a cookie helps Hatfield Media to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping
addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hatfield Media website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hatfield Media features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully
experience the interactive features of the Hatfield Media services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Hatfield Media secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. This is accomplished via access control and or encryption.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving communications from Hatfield Media by contacting us here: contact@hatfieldmedia.com.
Changes to this Statement
Hatfield Media will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Hatfield Media encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hatfield Media is protecting your information.
By doing business with Hatfield Media Solutions, you consent to the Hatfield Media Solutions Privacy Policy. If there is a change to the Privacy Policy, it will be posted to that site or web page.
Back to Site
accessibility.modal-confirm
X