https://www.brandeis.edu/gsas/privacy-notice.html
Skip to content
Search
Search
Search this site
Search Brandeis.edu
Programs
All Graduate Programs
Doctoral Degree Programs
Master's Degree Programs
Dual Bachelor's/Master's Degrees
Postbaccalaureate Programs
Special Students (Non-Degree)
Meet Our Faculty
Admissions
Admissions
Apply
Apply Online
Frequently Asked Questions
Application Fees
Request Information
Diversity at GSAS
International Students
Visiting Brandeis and Waltham
Brandeis Alumni
Contact Us
Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance Calculator
Aid for Master's Students
Aid for Master's Students
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Scholarship
Alumni Scholarship
Institute for the Recruitment of Teachers Scholarship
Veteran's Benefits
Aid for Doctoral Students
Aid for Doctoral Students
Stipend Information
Aid for Postbaccalaureate Students
How to Apply for Loans
How to Apply For Loans
Step-By-Step: Applying for a Federal Direct Loan
Frequently Asked Questions: Federal Direct Loans
Step-by-Step: Applying for a Graduate PLUS Loan
Frequently Asked Questions: Graduate PLUS Loans
Alternative Loan Options
Fellowships and Grants
Fellowships and Grants
Doctoral and Master's Support
External Funding
Frequently Asked Questions
News & Events
News
Events
Students
Resources for Students
Admitted Students
Completing Your Program
Dissertation Guide
Dissertation Submission: Quick Guide
Forms/Survey/LaTex Program
Online Submission to the Brandeis Institutional Repository (BIR)
Dissertation Completion Timeline and Semester Registration
Mellon Interdisciplinary Dissertation Prospectus Seminar
Thesis Guide
Quick Guide for Master’s Thesis Submission
Steps to Completion and Key Dates
Controlled Vocabulary For Department/Program Names
Academic Status and Regulations
Union Information
Teaching Assistants
Resources for Teaching Assistants
Academic Integrity
Frequently Asked Questions about Copyright
Cultural Variables in the Classroom
A Short Checklist for the Gender-Inclusive Classroom
Classroom Assessment Techniques (CATS)
Teaching Fellows Handbook
University Registrar
Career Development
Explore Careers
Cover Letters, Resumes and CVs
Network and Interview
Career Events
The Connected PhD
Program Overview
Student Experience Grants
Grants for Faculty
Application Information
Career Tips
Alumni Profiles
About Us
Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
Privacy Notice
Home /
Privacy Notice
The Graduate School of Arts and Sciences (GSAS) at Brandeis University is committed to safeguarding the privacy of your personal data. Your trust is of the utmost importance to us. This Privacy Notice outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information provided to the University by prospective students, current students, alumni and applicants. When information is submitted to GSAS, or you use the University's websites and other services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
Use of Personal Information
Prospective Students and Applicants
GSAS collects and processes Information and Sensitive Information from prospective students and applicants only as necessary in the exercise of the University's legitimate interests, functions and responsibilities as a private research higher education institution. The Information and Sensitive Information collected from prospective students and applicants is provided with their consent and shared with internal and external parties to promote our academic programs and events, inform prospective students and applicants about key deadlines, contact an applicant regarding their questions or concerns, evaluate whether an applicant is suitable for admission to the University and other related University processes and functions. GSAS also uses Information and Sensitive Information to conduct general demographic and statistical research to improve University programs.
Current Students
If you enroll in a program at GSAS, the personal information you provide us is considered an educational record under the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and is afforded certain protections against disclosure. Please refer to the University Bulletin for information regarding your rights with respect to disclosure of FERPA information. The Information collected from students currently enrolled in the University is provided with their consent and shared with internal and external parties to register or enroll persons in the University, develop and deliver education programs, track academic progress, analyze and improve education programs, recruitment, regulatory reporting, auditing, maintenance of accreditation, and other related University processes and functions. GSAS also uses Information and Sensitive Information to conduct general demographic and statistical research to improve University programs. Sensitive Information is collected, processed and shared internally and externally, as necessary, applicable and appropriate, to identify appropriate support services or activities, provide reasonable accommodations, enforce University policies or comply with applicable laws. Finally, Information and Sensitive Information may be shared by GSAS with third parties who have entered into contracts with the University to perform functions on behalf of the University, subject to the obligation of confidentiality and safeguarding from unauthorized disclosure.
Definitions of “Information” and “Sensitive Information”
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, Sensitive Information is defined as race, ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, health data, sexual orientation, and criminal convictions.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, Information refers to any other information concerning a natural person that is created by or provided to GSAS from or concerning students, applicants, or alumni.
Third Party Use of Information and Sensitive Information
We may disclose your Sensitive Information and other Information as follows:
Consent: We may disclose Sensitive Information and other Information if we have your consent to do so.
Emergency Circumstances: We may share your Information, and Sensitive Information when necessary to protect your interests and you are physically or legally incapable of providing consent.
Public Information: We may share your Information and Sensitive Information if you have manifestly made it public.
Performance of a Contract: We may share your Information when necessary to administer a contract you have with the University.
Legal Obligation: We may share your Information when the disclosure is required or permitted by international, federal, and state laws and regulations.
Service Providers: We use third parties who have entered into a contract with the University to support the administration of University operations and policies. In such cases, we share your Information with such third parties subject to the imposition of appropriate safeguards to prevent further unauthorized disclosure.
University Affiliated Programs: We may share your Information with parties that are affiliated with the University for the purpose of contacting you about goods, services, charitable giving or experiences that may be of interest to you.
De-Identified and Aggregate Information: We may use and disclose Information in de-identified or aggregate form without limitation
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your information when you transmit it to us and when we store it on our information technology systems.
Cookies and Other Technology
The University's use of cookies and other data from information technology can be found in the Privacy Statement on the University’s Website.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in the use of, or erasure of your information in accordance with all applicable laws. The erasure of your information shall be subject to the retention periods of applicable state and federal laws. If you have provided consent to the use of your information, you have the right to withdraw consent without affecting the lawfulness of the University's use of the information prior to receipt of your request.
Students may exercise these rights by accessing your student account maintained by the University's information technology systems using their login credentials, or by contacting the University's Registrar, Mark Hewitt at mhewitt@brandeis.edu.
Information created in the European Union will be transferred out of the European Union to the University. If you feel the University has not complied with applicable foreign laws regulating such information, you have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the European Union.
*This notice was updated on May 24, 2018.