http://www.sjc.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to Main Content
Get the latest on our spring planning.
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Online Policies and Privacy Practices
This privacy notice applies only to the St. John’s College main website, sjc.edu, which is operated and maintained by the Office of Communications. It does not apply to related websites, such as mySJC, that are used exclusively by current St. John’s students and employees. Other college offices may maintain websites that collect and use information in different ways, and the Office of Communications is not responsible for the content and practices of any other website besides sjc.edu. Any changes to the college’s online policies and privacy practices as they relate to sjc.edu will be posted on this page.
Last update: May 25, 2018
INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you open an email from St. John’s College or browse its website at sjc.edu, some analytic information is automatically gathered. Examples of this information include, but are not limited to:
Date and time accessed
Type of device, browser, and operating system used
Web pages viewed, links clicked, or other actions taken
Location: country, state, and city (based on IP address)
Google Analytics, a web analytics services provided by Google, Inc., was set up for sjc.edu to allow for the anonymous collection of IP addresses (also known as IP masking). This means IP addresses are shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. As a result, sjc.edu does not gather “Personal Data” of persons in the European Union.
The college uses analytical information to evaluate the usefulness of the website and email marketing, and plan improvements. The college will not sell or trade this information to any third parties.
ONLINE SECURITY
St. John’s College takes reasonable precautions to keep information you provide secure. However, the college cannot guarantee the security of information you disclose online.
This website tracks browsing patterns through the use of “cookies” (text or data files) placed on your computer or device. The college allows some third parties to place cookies for targeted advertising purposes. To block the use of cookies, select the appropriate settings on your browser; note that doing so may impact the functionality of some website features.
St. John’s College places tracking codes from third-party vendors to track and provide information about how users browse the website, but sjc.edu does not collect any personal information—such as names, email addresses, or phone numbers—from users.
Current third-party vendors include:
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Review Google’s privacy policy
Slate, an admissions system by Technolutions, Inc.
Review Technolutions privacy policy
Siteimprove, web management and reporting system
Review Siteimprove’s privacy policy
AddThis, a social media sharing service provided by Oracle America, Inc.
Review AddThis privacy policy
YouVisit, a virtual campus tour
Review YouVisit’s privacy policy
USE OF DATA
Information or data available on the St. John’s College website may be used for personal and lawful purposes only. No such information or data shall be used at any time for any commercial, public, or political purpose.
DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
Any reference made on the St. John’s College website to any product, process, service, or activity (whether commercial or non-commercial), by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise—in any other manner or fashion—does not and shall not be deemed to indicate or imply that college endorses, recommends, or favors the product, process, service, or activity mentioned.
Views and opinions expressed on the website may not necessarily state or reflect those of St. John’s College, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
St. John’s College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any external websites, including those to which its websites or emails may be linked or reference. Any information provided by a user to such third-party sites is subject to the privacy practices and policies of that third party and not those of St. John’s College.
Questions?
If you have questions or concerns about these policies and practices, please contact webmaster(at)sjc.edu.
Site Navigation Mobile
About St. John’s
Expand
History
Traditions
Facts & Statistics
Leadership
Board of Visitors & Governors
Policies & Procedures
Careers After St. John's
Academics
Expand
Undergraduate Program
Graduate Institute
Summer Programs
Online High School Seminars
Our Faculty
Libraries & Archives
Academic Calendars
Statement of the Program
Annapolis
Expand
Campus Life
Off Campus Experience
Career Services
Offices & Services
Community Programs & Events
The Mitchell Gallery
Santa Fe
Expand
Campus Life
Off Campus Experience
Personal & Professional Development
Community Programs & Events
Offices & Services
Admissions & Aid
Expand
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
January Freshman Program
Paying for College
Visit & Connect
Search For...
submit
Give
Visit
Apply
News
Store
MySJC
Information For
Alumni
Donors
Current Students
Prospective Students
Friends
Parents
Teachers and Counselors
Employers