https://www.jwcc.edu/privacy-policy/
Calendar
Job Link
Directory
Contact
Give
BlazerNet
Quick Links
Quick Links
Apply Now!
Bookstore
Business Office
Career Services
College Prep Programs
Course Catalogs
Employment at JWCC
Financial Aid
IT Help / Username & Password
Library
Registration
Student Services
Support Services
About
Mission & Goals
History
News
Data & Fast Facts
Board of Trustees & Administration
Faculty & Staff Directory
Employment
Locations / Hours
Admissions
Future Freshman
High School Students
Counselors
Transfer-In
Money Matters
Adults
Parents
International Students
Military Students
Become a Student
Student Resources
Course Schedules
Library
Bookstore
Transcript
Financial Aid
Support Services / TRiO
Career Services
Business Office / Pay Bill
Registration
IT Help / Username & Password
Programs
Degrees and Certificates
Course Schedules
Online Learning
College Classes for High School Students
Community-Based Outreach
GED, Literacy, & ESL
College for Life
JDub Academy (Grades K-12)
RSVP
Workforce and Business Training
Student Life
Clubs & Organizations
Housing / Dining
Traditions
Athletics
Search JWCC...
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
John Wood Community College Website Privacy Policy
John Wood Community College (JWCC) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites, requests information, or responds to our promotions. To better protect your privacy, we have provided this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Who we are
John Wood Community College is a non-profit, public community college with several physical locations across west-central Illinois. Our website address is https://www.jwcc.edu.
Information You Provide to Us
JWCC will not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address unless you provide it voluntarily (e.g. on a contact form). We collect information that you provide to us for the following uses, unless otherwise stated:
We will use it to contact you and respond to your request for information.
We may store and process the information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our website and services.
Additionally:
We will not sell your personal information to an outside company for use in their marketing or solicitation.
We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will only be used to support your relationship with JWCC.
Information Collected Automatically
In addition to the information you provide to us when you request information, we may automatically collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include:
Your Internet web browser.
Your device’s operating system.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Your navigation path, including the domain name of the website that linked you to our site and which of our pages you visited.
The time at which you accessed JWCC website materials.
Disclosure to Third Parties
John Wood Community College will only share your information with third parties in the following situations:
When using services from third party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who do work for JWCC and need access to your information to do that work;
To comply with any applicable local, state, or federal laws, including to comply with a subpoena or a similar legal process;
When JWCC believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect its rights, your safety, or the safety of others;
When you have given instructions for us to do so;
As otherwise identified in this privacy policy.
JWCC does not sell personal information to third parties.
Protection of Financial Information
JWCC is committed to protecting each student’s financial information. As such, we do not solicit, nor will we accept credit card information by email. Students who want to pay by credit card should log into their JWCC SOLAR account to make a secure payment. Others wishing to make payments should call our business office at 217.641.4275.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your device that contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Generally speaking, certain webpages or websites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
JWCC uses cookies to track user demographics of website visitors. These are not personally identifiable and only help us to better understand our users in general and create a more relevant web user experience. JWCC also uses cookies to maintain site-wide preferences, including settings for accessibility tools. These may be safely blocked, though the experience and functionality of the website may be minorly impacted.
Anyone who would like to opt-out of cookies may adjust their settings in their browser (Chrome) (Firefox) (Safari). Please review your browser’s guide to managing cookies if you wish to adjust them manually. Additionally, below is a full list of cookies used, their purpose, and additional information:
Name
Description
Additional details
JWCC / Flywheel
Used to track session preferences (what admissions menu to display, whether or not you’ve closed out of a news flash notification, whether or not you’ve acknowledged the cookie notification, remaining logged into Job Link)
None
Monsido
Used to track accessibility settings for the Monsido PageAssist tool (the icon floating in the bottom-left corner)
This will not be generated unless you use the accessibility tool.
Google Analytics
Used to track user demographics, particularly general website usage statistics; does not collect personally identifiable information
Opt-out
Clarus tracking cookie (simpli.fi)
Used to track user demographics, particularly from ad campaigns on social media; does not collect personally identifiable information
Opt-out
Facebook pixel
Used to track user demographics from Facebook social media posts; does not collect personally identifiable information
The Network Advertising Initiative opt-out
Hubspot Analytics
Used to track user demographics, particularly from ad campaigns on social media; does not collect personally identifiable information
Hubspot Cookie Privacy Policy
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. JWCC encourages its users to familiarize themselves with any third-party policies (e.g. for embedded YouTube videos).
Data Retention
The information collected by JWCC is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with JWCC. Not providing requested information (or subsequently asking for data to be removed) may impact our ability to deliver the products or service for which the information is needed. However, providing this information is wholly voluntary. Providing requested information indicates your consent to collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. All data is protected in accordance with applicable state and federal laws, including FERPA.
Users of the Website under Age 13
This website is not directed at individuals under the age of 13. As such, in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, JWCC will not accept or request personally identifiable information from individuals we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under age 13 and you wish to participate in an event conducted by JWCC, such as JDub Academy classes, etc. your parent or guardian must register you and provide their consent as well as your information. Please ask your parent or guardian to fill out your online registration form or any other forms requesting your information.
About This Policy
John Wood Community College’s website privacy policy is effective immediately. We reserve the right to change, alter, or otherwise modify this website privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page, and, if significant, we may provide a more prominent notice by email to faculty, staff, and students regarding those changes. We encourage you to review our website privacy policy whenever you use our website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Contact
If you have questions or comments about this website privacy policy or the administration of the website, please contact us by email at webmaster@jwcc.edu.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.Sounds GoodPrivacy policy