http://www.richland.edu/about/consumer-information/nondiscrimination-and-equal-opportunity-policy/
Skip to content
CLICK HERE FOR THE PRESCREEN TOOL AND COVID-19 CAMPUS UPDATES.
Nondiscrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy
Home  /About   /  Consumer Information   /  Nondiscrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy
Nondiscrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy
Richland Community College subscribes to the principles and laws of the State of Illinois and the Federal Government pertaining to civil rights and equal opportunity, including applicable Executive Orders.
Richland Community College policy prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, marital or parental status, national origin or ancestry, age, mental and/or physical disabilities (except where they are bona fide occupational qualifications), sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics or conduct.
The College’s nondiscrimination policy applies to the admission and retention of students, recruitment, employment, and retention of faculty and staff, and access to and treatment in the College’s programs and activities.
Complaints alleging violations of this policy should be immediately reported to the Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Officer, as designated by the President. Complaints reported to the EEO Officer will be promptly investigated. In all cases, the investigator will make reasonable attempts to determine the facts pertinent to the complaint by interviewing the parties involved, including the alleged harasser. If the accused is a College employee who is a member of a bargaining unit, the employee may request union representation during the investigation. At the conclusion of the investigation, a written report of findings will be prepared and forwarded to the President.
No Retaliation
The College will not retaliate against any person for making a good faith complaint under this policy. Similarly, the College will not retaliate against or discipline any person (other than a person who is found to have violated this policy) who provides truthful information in connection with an investigation. Any employee of the College who retaliates against another employee or student for utilizing the procedure in this policy will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination.
If any employee believes that he or she has been retaliated against for exercising his or her rights under this policy, the employee should report such conduct immediately to the EEO Officer. Any employee who makes a complaint that he or she knows to be false will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Contact
The following persons have been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies:
Alex Berry, Title IX Coordinator, Room N117, 217.875.7211, Ext. 6314, aberry@richland.edu
Leanne R. Brooks, Section 504 Coordinator, Room C138, 217.875.7211, Ext. 6379, lbrooks@richland.edu
Richland Community College, One College Park, Decatur, IL 62521-8513
About
Our Leadership Team
Our Students
Our Campus
Mission & Values
Diversity & Inclusion Commitment
Human Resources
Employment Opportunities
Hiring Process
Employee Benefits
Consumer Information
Nondiscrimination and Equal Opportunity Policy
Voter Registration Information
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Identity, Privacy, and Security
Contact Us
Maps, Directions and Hours
Board of Trustees
Institutional Effectiveness and Planning
Accreditation
Strategic Planning
Grant Initiatives
Assessment