https://www.thoughtco.com/italian-soccer-terms-2011541
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Stefano Oppo
Italian
History & Culture
Vocabulary
Grammar
By
Michael San Filippo
Italian Expert
M.A., Italian Studies, Middlebury College
B.A., Biology, Northeastern University
Michael San Filippo co-wrote The Complete Idiot's Guide to Italian History and Culture. He is a tutor of Italian language and culture.
our editorial process
Michael San Filippo
Updated March 11, 2019
You don’t have to study Italian for long before you learn that Italians love soccer.
Historically and currently it’s referred to as il calcio. (Have you heard of an event called il Calcio Storico Fiorentino? It won’t look quite like the soccer matches you’re used to!)
Nowadays, though, there are coaches and referees from other countries, players on loan from all over the world and tifosi (fans) internationally.
In Italy, in matches ranging from the Coppa del Mondo (World Cup) to Serie A, from international friendlies to the friendly pick-up game in the piazza, a multitude of languages are spoken—not just Italian.
But even so, there are advantages to knowing Italian soccer terms. If you were to attend a game in-person in Italy, chances are that you'll still hear Italian spoken most of the time. And if your goal is to improve your Italian language skills, then reading Corriere dello Sport or Gazzetta dello Sport (which is famous for it's pink colored pages - even the website maintains this pink color!) for the latest results of your favorite squadra (team) or listening to soccer broadcasts in Italian is a very effective way to advance in the standings, so to speak.
Besides knowing the vocabulary words that you see below, you’ll also want to know about the different teams, their nicknames, and how the leagues are structured.
Common Soccer Vocabulary Words
i calzoncini—shortsi calzini (le calze da giocatore)—socksi guanti da portiere—goalkeeper's glovesil calcio d'angolo (il corner)—corner (corner kick)il calcio di punizione—free kickil calcio di rigore (il rigore)—penalty (penalty kick)il calcio di rinvio—goal kickil campo di/da calcio—fieldil cartellino giallo (per l'ammonizione)—yellow card (as a caution)il cartellino rosso (per l'espulsione)—red card (for expulsion)il centrocampista—midfield playeril dischetto del calcio di rigore—penalty spotil colpo di testa—headeril difensore—defenderil difensore esterno—outside defenderil dribbling—dribbleil fallo—foulil fuorigioco—offsideil gol—goalil guardalinee—linesmanil libero—sweeperil palo (il palo della porta)—post (goalpost)il pallone—soccer ballil parastinchi—shin guardil passaggio diretto (della palla)—pass (passing the ball)il passaggio corto—short passil portiere—goalkeeperl'ala—outside forward (winger)l'allenatore—coachl'ammonizione—sending-offl'arbitro—refereel'area di rigore—penalty areal'arresto (della palla)—receiving the ball (taking a pass)l'attaccante—strikerl'ostruzione—obstructionla bandierina di calcio d'angolo—corner flagla linea di fondo—goal linela linea di metà campo—half-way linela linea laterale—touch linela maglia—shirt (jersey)la mezz'ala—inside forward (striker)la partita—matchla respinta di pugno—save with the fistsla rimessa laterale—throw-inla riserva (il giocatore di reserva)—substitutela rovesciata—bicycle kickla scarpa da calcio—soccer boot (shoe)la squadra—teamla traversa—crossbarlo stadio—stadiumlo stopper—inside defendersegnare un gol—to score a goaltifosi - fans
For vocabulary words related to other sports, like skiing and cycling, read, 75 Vocabulary Words for Talking About Sports in Italian.
75 Vocabulary Words for Playing and Talking About Sports in Italian
Italian Soccer Teams Have Colorful Nicknames
Days of the Week in Italian: La Settimana
How to Ask for Directions in Italian
How to Ask Questions in Italian
Italian Vocabulary for Fruits and Vegetables
Italian Calendar Months and Seasons: I Mesi e Le Stagioni
The Names of Colors in Italian
How to Tell Time in Italian
The Best Way to Learn Italian
Animal Sounds in Italian
I Vestiti: Italian Vocabulary for Clothing
10 Ways to Speak and Understand Rapid-Fire Italian
The History of the Italian Language
To Leave or Depart: Conjugation of the Italian Verb Partire
The Aperitivo: How to Order a Drink at This Italian Ritual