https://www.metrocontinuingeducation.ca/privacy-policy/
closeView Metro's COVID-19 Program Updates and School Re-entry Strategy. Learn More
High School & Upgrading
Fall & Winter High School Credit
Summer School
Study Skills & Exam Prep
Tutoring
Elementary & Junior High
Out-of-School Programs
Summer Camps
Junior High Summer Camps
Elementary Summer Camps
Young Writers’ Camps
Personal & Professional Courses
Class Listing
Program Areas
Custom & Corporate Training
ESL & LINC
LINC Program
ESL Classes
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Information & Refund Policy
Teach at Metro
Privacy Policy
Login
Email Us
Call Us
Privacy Policy
Metro Continuing Education respects your privacy and all information collected is kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned or otherwise disclosed to any third parties. Information provided to Metro Continuing Education will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to let us know.
Disclosure of information to third parties:
Metro Continuing Education does not sell, rent, loan, trade or release any personal information collected at our site.
Browser information collected on the website:
Metro Continuing Education analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on our website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.
Use of cookies:
Metro Continuing Education’s website uses cookies to serve our customers better. A cookie is a file placed on your computer with your temporary internet files while you are visiting a website. We use cookies to track how visitors use our site. We do not store personal information in cookies, nor do we collect personal information from you without your knowledge as you browse this site. We use cookies to aid in the collection of anonymous statistical information such as browser type, screen size, traffic patterns and pages visited. This information is then used to improve our service to you. If you wish, you may change the settings on your web browser to deny cookies or to warn you when a cookie will be placed.
We use cookies from third-party partners such as Google and Facebook for measurement services, better targeting ads, and for marketing purposes. These cookies allow us to display advertisements to you on other sites you visit across the Internet.
Privacy of our email lists:
Metro Continuing Education maintains several email lists to keep our customers and other interested members of the general public informed about our courses and programs. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease the addresses on our list to any third parties. Our list server software does not display other subscribers’ emails when distributing an email.
Customer Surveys:
Metro Continuing Education values our customers’ feedback. Metro Continuing Education surveys customers to measure their experience and satisfaction levels. We use the feedback you provide to make decisions about changes or enhancements to our courses and programs. We do not disclose individual responses or comments publicly unless we have authorization from the customer to use a comment for promotional purposes.
From time to time, we conduct special purpose surveys as part of market research or for other operational purposes that are consistent with our mission. These surveys are voluntary and the same principles of anonymity, confidentiality and authorization of use applied to Customer Satisfaction surveys apply to special purpose surveys unless otherwise stated in the introduction to the survey.
Customer Support:
When you interact with Metro Continuing Education using our support channels (including but not limited to email, contact forms live chat, phone, social media) the information that you have voluntarily given us is collected and used to provide you with the best possible experience of our services.
Deskpro Online Chat:
When a user visits a Deskpro online chat page, Deskpro stores in its own database: visitor_id (a unique identifier randomly generated when someone visits the page, stored in their cookies), IP address, URL visited, the referrer (if they were redirected from another page), browser used to log in, country, and date visited.
Name and email address may be collected and stored if this information is provided for support tickets. We may also use Deskpro as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within the Deskpro platform. As such, any messages sent via live online chat, tickets, or emailed to metro.help@epsb.ca will be stored on Edmonton Public Schools servers in the Edmonton Public Schools data centre.
Deskpro uses Gravatar which will attempt to load default profile pictures from Gravatar based on email address if the user has a Gravatar profile.
We may use the data collected via Deskpro in order to improve customer experience. Your data may be analyzed to understand trends in customer behaviour, demographics, and affinity. We will never disclose this information.
Personal information is collected and managed in accordance with Section 33(c) of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIP), Edmonton Public Schools is authorized and required under the provisions of the Education Act and its regulations to collect, use and disclose personal information that is necessary to provide educational programming and ensure a safe and secure school environment for students.
Stay in touch
Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates on new courses, important information and current promotions.