http://www.studyinbritain.com/info/privacy.asp
StudyinBritain.com - A directory of study abroad & full degree programmes to England, Scotland, Wales & Ireland!
Advertise With Us |
Add/Edit Your Listings |
Home
Free Newsletter!
(info)
General Information:
International-Internships.Com
Study-in-Ireland.com
English Language Schools
UK Educational System
Univ. Rankings by Subject
Work in Britain
Work in Ireland
University Websites
Useful Links
Funding / Scholarships:
USA Scholarships
Institutional Scholarships
Gilman Scholarship
General Scholarships Info
US Federal Student Aid
Financial Aid
Student Loans
Tourism/Services Abroad:
Wales Tourist Board
Student Travel Agencies
Discount Cards for Students
Tours
Accommodations
Roommate Search
International Calling
Insurance
Maps
Health & Safety Abroad
Transportation:
Airfare Specials
Bus/Coach
Car Rental
Public Transportation
•  London Transport
Predeparture:
Visa Information
UK Entry Permits
US Passport Application
Faculty / Advisors:
Recruit US College Students
Programme Development
Univ. Rankings by Subject
Grade Conversion Chart
UK Educational System
Expense Calculator
Currency:
Using Debit and Credit Cards
Currency Calculator
Historical Rates
Euro Information
Expense Calculator
[ Home ]
[ Add/Edit Your Listings ]
[ Advertise With Us ]
[ Contact Us ]
Asp
StudyinBritain.com Privacy Policy
StudyinBritain.com and Study-in-Ireland.com (collectively, "StudyinBritain.com") takes protection of your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy will outline our practices and procedures we follow when handling information entered through our Web sites. Because our services require us to collect some fairly detailed personal and/or financial information, we want you to have the information you need to make an informed decision about sharing information with us. Please read this policy and carefully consider its terms and provisions before sharing information with us.
his Privacy Policy covers these main areas:
Types of information we collect
How we use this information
Who we may share this information with
Security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information
Other provisions
1. Types of Information We Collect
You may search the StudyinBritain.com database, read about programmes, obtain contact information for the school, college or university and visit programmes' Web sites without providing any personal information or registering on our site. However, if you choose to contact a university or college through our Request a Catalogue or Brochure ("Enquiry") service, you will be required to provide certain information in order for the school, college or university to respond to your Enquiry. That information includes, but may not necessarily be limited to, your name, address, country of residence, telephone number, email address and enrollment status.
Collection of Information from Children – StudyinBritain.com abides by federal law and the guidelines set up by the United States Federal Trade Commission regarding youth privacy. As such, StudyinBritain.com will not knowingly collect any personal information from or allow the registration of young people under the age of thirteen (13) years. To verify this, we may need to ask you to confirm your date of birth. We ask that if you are under the age of 13 years that you do not fill out any personal information during your visit to StudyinBritain.com.
Referring Friends – You can choose to let others know about StudyinBritain.com through our referral feature. If you choose to use this feature, we will ask you for that person's name and email address and StudyinBritain.com will send him or her one or more emails inviting him or her to visit StudyinBritain.com to learn more about our services. StudyinBritain.com stores their contact information for the sole purpose of sending these emails.
Newsletter – If you wish to subscribe to any of our newsletters, we may ask you to register by providing your contact information, including email address, geographic information (ZIP or postal code), and other information about yourself. Newsletter recipients will also receive offers from time to time from StudyinBritain.com and select sponsors; however, you may opt out of receiving these offers at any time.
Cookies and Web Site Information - We use "cookie" technology and web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used by you. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by your web browser on your hard drive. Cookies allow our web servers to recognize the computer used by you to access our Web sites. Cookies allow you to move from page to page on the Web site, by remembering the information about the entire session.
Information gathered through cookies and by our web server logs may include the date and time of visits, your IP address, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web sites, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information may be appended to your personal information provided by you to us to help us provide you with better service and information. It also may be collected on an aggregate basis.
User Communications - When you send email or other communications to StudyinBritain.com, we may retain those communications in order to process, respond or improve our services.
Chat Rooms and Public Postings – The StudyinBritain.com sites may initially and/or in the future contain chat rooms, public posting forums or one-to-one communication forums permitting direct communications with other users. Any information provided by you in these rooms or forum is deemed to be information available to public viewing, not subject to any disclosure restrictions or representations. We are not responsible for any information posted and/or viewed in such portions of our Web sites.
2. Use of Information
The information you supply to StudyinBritain.com enables us to contact the college, university or other entity you are interested in so that they may be able to follow up with you directly via email, telephone, postal mail or other means, at their sole discretion.
In addition, as described above, StudyinBritain.com utilizes passive information to learn more about how you interact with our site. This passive information may be combined with your other information for purposes such as testing and improving your experience at our site and the compilation of broad aggregate demographic data and related usage information for internal purposes and for disclosure to third parties such as advertisers and content partners. This aggregate passive information does not contain any personal information which can identify any individual user.
Contacting You by E-Mail – StudyinBritain.com may use your contact information periodically in order to send you email regarding updates at the StudyinBritain.com sites, new opportunities and additional programme listings at the StudyinBritain.com site and its affiliated sites which may be of interest to you. The frequency of these messages will vary depending upon your profile, including the types of schools, colleges or universities and other activities you indicated having an interest in. Please note that third parties who receive your contact information pursuant hereto are not governed by this Privacy Policy or its opt-out provisions.
Thank You Emails – When you send an Enquiry to a school, college or university, we may send you an automated email thanking you for your Enquiry and including for your convenience the information we sent and to whom it was sent. This information will be sent to the email address contained in the original Enquiry, and will be sent one time only as a courtesy to help you throughout your research process.
Optional Information - At various other points during your visit to StudyinBritain.com, you may be asked to provide information about yourself. For example, you may wish to participate in a survey or a contest, or apply to a scholarship. Participation in surveys, contests or scholarships or the use of other services of StudyinBritain.com, its affiliated sites or its marketing partners which require the input of additional information is completely voluntary on your part, and you have the choice about whether to disclose the information necessary to use these features of such site. Contact information will be used to process entries, send promotional material, notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving use of and satisfaction with the StudyinBritain.com site. StudyinBritain.com may also conduct surveys on behalf of school, colleges, universities and other parties in order to provide them marketing and business information; provided, however, that none of your personally identifiable information will be shared as part of such surveys without your consent.
Please be sure to consult the official rules of any contest or sweepstakes you enter on StudyinBritain.com as specific data collection and usage practices may vary by contest or sweepstakes.
3. Sharing of Information
StudyinBritain.com will not knowingly sell, share, rent or otherwise transfer your information other than in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Information with Colleges, Universities and other Organizations - If you give your permission to allow third parties to contact you by filling out a Request for Catalogue or Brochure, personal information about you (such as your contact information and other information collected during your visit to StudyinBritain.com) may be shared with schools, colleges, universities and other organizations you authorize. While we take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of this information en route to the receiving party, we cannot guarantee that your information is not intercepted in transit. Likewise, once we turn over your information to a school, college or university, we cannot control the manner in which they use this information, or even if they will use the information to respond to your Enquiry at all.
Regardless of your decision regarding the sharing of your personal information, we reserve the right to share aggregate demographic data and related usage information with our business partners and university and college users. Such aggregate information will not contain any personal information which can identify any individual user.
Third Party Service Providers - From time to time, StudyinBritain.com may decide that it is more efficient to use third parties to perform specific services, such as sending newsletters to StudyinBritain.com's users. If we use a third party to provide specific services (such as sending newsletters to our users on our behalf), then personally identifiable information (such as contact information) may be shared with that party to the extent necessary for such third party service provider to provide these services. These third party service providers are only allowed to use personally identifiable information only for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by StudyinBritain.com. These third party service providers have agreed to hold and use your confidential information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The third party services covered by this paragraph do not include links to third party sites found on our site, which are governed by a more specific provision (Links to Other Sites) below.
Links to Other Sites - StudyinBritain.com may present links to third party Web sites in a format that enables us to keep track of where those links have been followed. This Privacy Policy applies only to Web sites and services that are owned and operated by Cappex.com, LLC d/b/a StudyinBritain.com. As we do not control other sites to which we may link, they are not subject to our Privacy Policy. Please realise that we do not control the information provided by you to any other third party site to which you may link from the StudyinBritain.com site.
Disclosure to Law Enforcement and Similar Disclosures - StudyinBritain.com reserves the right to release personal information if required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate.
Sale or Merger - In the event that StudyinBritain.com sells, assigns or transfers some or all of its business to a successor or acquirer, StudyinBritain.com may sell, assign or transfer all of your information, regardless of your opt status, to such successor or acquirer.
4. Security
StudyinBritain.com has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and/or unauthorised alteration of the information you provide to us or that we collect. StudyinBritain.com helps protect personally identifiable information by utilising both online and offline security methods, including firewalls, passwords and restricted physical access to the servers where your information is stored. Our staff is trained to comply with our security procedures, are bound by confidentiality and our security procedures are reviewed and revised periodically.
If you have any questions about security issues at our site, please send an email to privacy@studyinbritain.com, and we will try to answer your questions.
5. Other Provisions
Acceptance of Terms - Your use of this site indicates an acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer - StudyinBritain.com provides information created both by StudyinBritain.com, and by third parties. While our site strives to provide accurate information, StudyinBritain.com does not make any warranty regarding the accuracy, reliability or use of any information provided on this site. Please see our Terms of Use.
Choice/Opt-out - StudyinBritain.com users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their personally identifiable information used for purposes not directly related to our site. You may opt-out from receiving specified types of communications from StudyinBritain.com by clicking here. StudyinBritain.com will only communicate with you according to your instructions. If you have any questions relating to opting-out, please contact us at support@studyinbritain.com, and we will try to answer your questions.
Changes to the Privacy Policy - StudyinBritain.com reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to users other than posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. After posting such amended Privacy Policy, all information provided to us will be subject to the terms of the amended Privacy Policy. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any changes. Your use of this site indicates an acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important to StudyinBritain.com. If you have questions about any of the provisions described above, please contact us at privacy@studyinbritain.com.
Alternatively, you may contact us at:
Privacy at StudyinBritain.com
c/o Cappex.com, LLC
600 Laurel Avenue
Highland Park, IL 60035
United States of America
Last Updated: September 27, 2007
study abroad | college admissions | admissions | college search | scholarships | business scholarships | nursing scholarships | university scholarships | student aid | college scholarships
© 2013 StudyinBritain.com | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy