https://www.girton.cam.ac.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
This page explains what personal information we gather when you visit the Girton College website (https://www.girton.cam.ac.uk) and details how that information is used.
Who will process my personal information?
The information published here applies to the use of your personal information (also known as ‘personal data’) by the Girton College through the viewing or use of its main website (https://www.girton.cam.ac.uk) or any website within the Girton College domain which has pointed you to this page.
The information published here is limited to the use of personal information by Girton College; various other notices are published in relation to our use of the personal information of applicants, students, staff, alumni, research participants, and others.
What personal information do you collect?
When you visit https://www.girton.cam.ac.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. For information about how Google Analytics uses your personal information, please see here.
We also collect the request made by your browser to the server hosting the website which includes the IP address, the date and time of connection and the page you ask for. We use this information to ensure the security of our websites and we delete it after a maximum of 3 months. We may use and disclose it as necessary in the event of a security concern or incident.
Where you enter your personal information into an online form on any of our websites for any specified purpose, you will be told about the use we will make of that information (e.g. to send you newsletters or to enable your attendance at an event).
For information about how we use cookies on our websites, please see our cookies page.
Why is this personal information needed?
The use of your personal information in the above ways is necessary for the legitimate interests of the University in operating and improving its websites, analysing their use, and ensuring their security.
Our websites collect very little personal information and we use it in ways that are compatible with your individual rights and freedoms.