http://www.morningside.edu/about/privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
Home
About
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy
Morningside College respects the privacy of all visitors to our website and our affiliated sites. Our policy is to protect your privacy.
The following is intended to give you insight into what information we collect, how the information is used, and other information regarding your privacy. This information applies to use of morningside.edu, as well as Morningside’s official affiliated sites.
Affiliated Websites and Links
The Morningside websites may contain destination links to websites that are not Morningside’s official affiliated sites, including Morningside student groups, third-party organizations outside of the morningside.edu domain, and more. Morningside College is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. Any information you reveal on any such site is not subject to this privacy statement. You should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit. However, we wish to ensure the integrity of our website and its destination links, so any comments pertaining to any sites accessed through destination links on our website are greatly appreciated. Please contact us.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Personal information collected from you by Morningside College is treated as confidential and is used only to fulfill your request or provide a service to you, unless otherwise required by law. We collect this information in a variety of ways, including online applications, various contact and registration forms, and received emails.
The Child Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13. It is Morningside’s policy to refrain from directing its website or online services to children under the age of 13, or knowingly collecting or maintaining personally identifiable information relating to any person under the age of 13. If you are a child (under 13 years of age), please do not supply any personally identifiable information through the site. If this has already occurred, please have the child’s parent or guardian contact Morningside immediately using the information below so that we can remove such information from our files.
What Information Do We Collect?
During your use of our websites, Morningside College collects information that you manually submit to us, as well as information that we automatically collect, including personal information.
Personal information is defined as any information that is generally known only by you and others that you specifically share that information with. In general, this information is potentially used for entities, such as Morningside, to identify you. Personal information identifies you with other data you share and can also be used to impersonate you. Therefore, it is important to protect this information. Personal information includes data such as:
name
address
phone
email address
IP address
Social Security Number
driver’s license number
your visual image
your signature
your Morningside ID #
emergency contacts
How will we use your information?
Morningside College uses data collected by our websites to:
Process requests for information.
Process your orders or donations.
Process your request for admission.
Manage your student account details, financial aid, billing, and grades.
Manage your donor and alumni details.
Manage your employee information.
Provide online education courses and programs.
Improve your experience with our websites and the college.
Analyze how you use our sites and how you were directed to our sites, to improve our marketing.
Prevent, investigate, take action regarding, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, other misconduct, security or technical issues, or unauthorized access to or use of information, our Site, or data systems.
Fulfill our legal obligations.
For any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement, or other agreement between you and us.
Use of Your Information by Approved Third Parties
Morningside College does not distribute personal information to third-party vendors unless it is required for our internal use and complies with legal requirements. Your information is for internal use only. Morningside College may share some of the information collected with contracted third-party vendors, approved companies who are acting on our behalf, or jointly with Morningside under a contractual arrangement when necessary to fulfill services. We may also share information when required to do so by law.
Our policy is to not share information with third-party vendors unless they have agreed in writing to provide the necessary level of privacy protection as is required by law.
We do not disclose personal information about you for the purposes of marketing or soliciting products or services other than our own.
How do we collect your information?
Information You Manually Provide
You manually provide Morningside College with most of the data we collect. We collect information from you when you do things such as:
Register or create accounts
Place orders for goods or services.
Fill out surveys or submit feedback on our sites.
Information Automatically Collected
Morningside uses automatically collected information about you to better personalize your website experience. This information includes your IP address, your Internet service provider, your time on the website, the referrer URL, your general location, your interests, and your navigation path on and to the website. We use this information to provide you with the best possible experience. We also use cookies - small collections of data saved in your temporary internet folders - to keep statistics on the use of our sites and to support your interaction with our sites. We may also use other tracking methods, such as tracking pixels.
The search engines on morningside.edu and affiliated sites track words that are searched, when these words are searched, how often they are searched, and other such data, along with some of your automatically collected personal information. We keep this information confidential and use it to improve the efficiency of our search engine, to gauge what information is important to our users, and to guide the development and maintenance of the website.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies.
Third Parties Automatically Collecting Your Information
Morningside College sometimes uses remarketing and other online advertising and research to better reach our students and parents. The college uses third-party vendors, including Google, to show ads on sites across the Internet, to understand the interests of our site visitors, to learn where our visitors are reaching us from, and to track activity on our websites.
Third Party services and tracking mechanisms are embedded into our websites for collecting analytics, tracking ad campaigns, providing web fonts, and providing other services. These third parties may have access to your general web browsing information, including the referrer URL, your IP address, and your demographic and geographic information.
E-Commerce
Some of our website features may use applications to collect data to facilitate an e-commerce transaction. In this case we use trusted third-party vendors with an approved banking relationship to process credit card transactions.
Information Security
Our systems have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All personal information is stored on secure systems and transmitted by secure protocols, according to our Information Security Plan, as a best effort to protect your data. Please note, however, that this does not guarantee that your personal information will not be unintentionally disclosed, misused, lost, or otherwise compromised by the acts of others. We cannot control the sharing of personal information you post through this site using any social networking tools we provide, and you should have no expectation of privacy when using such methods.
Privacy Statement Changes
Morningside College may update or change the privacy statement. Your use of the website constitutes acceptance of the most current privacy statement. If you do not agree to the terms of the privacy statement, then please exit and discontinue use of the website immediately.
Questions
Please visit our contact us webpage here for direct questions about this privacy statement, updates to communication preferences, or requests for the removal of your information from our systems within limits of applicable law.
about
Accreditation
Online State Authorization
Quality Matters
Leadership
Board of Directors
President
Faculty & Staff Directory
Maps & Parking
Employment
Academic Openings
Administrative & Staff Openings
Consumer Information
Professional Licensure Disclosures
Fast Facts and Institutional Data
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use