http://www.georgetowncollege.edu/terms-service
Home
About GCkeyboard_arrow_left backAbout Home
Administrationkeyboard_arrow_left backExecutive Cabinet
Trustees
President's Page
Accreditations and Affiliations
Marketing & Communications
Tigers Togetherkeyboard_arrow_left backStaying Healthy
Teaching and Learning
Life on Campus
Competing Safely
Visitors to Campus
Conference Center
Complaint Procedures
Careers at GC ( Human Resources)
Art Galleries
Commencement
Contact Us
Summer Programs and Camps
Admissions & Aidkeyboard_arrow_left backAdmissions & Aid Home
Visit
Apply
Transfers
International Students
Financial Planning and Tuitionkeyboard_arrow_left backFinancial Aid Home
Aid
FAFSA
Financing Your Education
Net Price Calculator
Military Benefits
Financing Your Graduate Education
GC Guarantee- Pell Pledge Scholarship
Financial Aid FAQ
Scholarships
Admissions and Aid Staff
Parents of Future Tigers
Academicskeyboard_arrow_left backAcademics Home
Academic Programs
Graduate Education
Programs of Distinctionkeyboard_arrow_left backPrograms of Distinction Home
Honorskeyboard_arrow_left backHonors Home
Oxford Honors
Science Honors Program
Independent Honors
Christian Scholars Program
Equine Scholars Program
Health Scholars Program
Wellness Advocates
Pre-Law Program
Prototype Program
Music Programs
Maskrafters Academy
Oxford Tutorial Program
Faculty Directory
Registrar's Office
Resourceskeyboard_arrow_left backBookstore
Study Abroad
Academic Support
Ensor LRC (Library)
Center for Civic Engagement
Foundations & Core
Course Catalog
Campus Lifekeyboard_arrow_left backCampus Life Home
Residence Life
Student Involvement
First Year Programs
Calling & Career
Bishop Scholars Program
Diversity & Inclusion
Campus Safety
Student Wellness
Dining Services
Parent Page
Title IX
Spiritual Lifekeyboard_arrow_left backSpiritual Life Home
Faith & Service
Center for Christian Discernment and Academic Leadership
Church Relations
Marshall Center
Faithways Academykeyboard_arrow_left backFaithways Academy Home
Courses & Electives
Events
Staff
Athleticskeyboard_arrow_left backAthletics Website
Athletics Store
Support GCkeyboard_arrow_left backSupport Home
Ways to Give
Giving Levels
F.A.Q.
Development Staff
GC Journeys
Alumni
menu
menu
search
search
location_on
tour
Modified: 07/22/2020
1. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
Georgetown College is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy and Terms of Service sets forth our current conditions of use and privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interacts with our website. By accessing Georgetown College’s Websites, you acknowledge and fully understand Georgetown College’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Policy. Georgetown College is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing Georgetown College’s websites, you acknowledge and fully understand Georgetown College’s Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use and other practices described in this Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
2. Information We Collect and How We Use It
Georgetown College collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with cookies.
a. Web Server Logs
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage.  Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) Address
The kind of browser or device you use
Number of links you click within the site
State and/or country from which you accessed the site
Date and time of your visit
Name of your Internet service provider
Webpage from which you linked from our site
Pages you viewed on our site
b. Use of Cookies
Georgetown College may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience.  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server.  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.  If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
c. Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) unless we provide you with advance notice. This privacy assurance does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website or conducting our business, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We may work with a data provider to target advertising to you personally, through online and offline methods including email, display media, video media, and direct mail. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or login to websites or mobile applications.
When you login or visit our website, your IP address may be combined with other de-identified data (such as a hashed, non-readable email or postal address) in order to send ads and materials to you based on your preferences, interests, and attributes. This institution uses Technosolutions Slate, a marketing service that captures analytics data. The privacy policy is at https://technosolutions.com/privacy-policy.
Users have the option to set their preferences for Google advertising using the Google Ad Settings page. You may also opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page or you may be permanently removed by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser add-on.
3. Links to Other Web Sites
This website may contain links to or be accessed through links on World Wide Web sites of other institutions, individuals, or groups.  Georgetown College does not have responsibility for the contents, availability, operation, or performance of any other sites to which this website may be linked or from which this website may be accessed.
4. Modifications to these Policies and Terms of Service
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Service may be modified by Georgetown College at any time without notice, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on Georgetown College's Website. Users agree to review these disclaimers and terms of use periodically to be aware of changes to them.
Modifications to the policy will apply to all information, including personally identifiable information, which users may provide or have previously provided.
Nothing contained in the policies or terms set forth on Georgetown College’s website shall be deemed to have created a contract between Georgetown College and any student, faculty member, staff member, or website user. Georgetown College reserves the right to unilaterally change any provision of the policies or terms set forth on Georgetown College’s website without consent of any other party.
5. Governing Laws and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the United States of America. Disputes arising hereunder are subject to the jurisdiction of the federal courts of the United States of America located in Kentucky and/or the state courts of Kentucky. Any such dispute shall be resolved in Scott Circuit Court in Georgetown, Kentucky or in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
6. Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, and/or our general practices, please contact us in writing at :
Georgetown College, Information Technology Services
ATTN: Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
400 E. College Street
Georgetown, KY 40324
Request More Info chevron_right
Select which applies best to you
Select...
Prospective Student
Current Student
Parent
Alumni
Signup for our mailing list
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
News from the President
Weekly President's Perspective
Enewsletter
Alumni Monthly ENewsletter
Monthly ENewsletter
Events
GC Events
Giving
Support GC
GC Magazine
GC Magazine Biannual (Online)