http://www.riversideca.gov/privacy.asp
Home
Government
Online Services
Residents
Business
Visitors
Media
Jobs
COVID-19/Coronavirus Update
Mayor & City Council
Mayor's Office
City Council & Wards
City Council Agenda
City Council Meetings on the Web
Charter Review Committee
Municipal Code
Apply for...
A Building Permit
A Business License
A Job
A Passport
A Pet License
A Public Works Permit
A Rebate
A Special Event Permit
Volunteer Opportunities
City Sponsorship
Pay my...
Business License Renewal
Library Fees & Fines
Parks & RecreationActivities
Parking Citation
Pet License
Senior Bus Transportation Pass
Transient Occupancy Tax (T.O.T.)
Utility Bill
Report a...
City Tree Issue
Code Violation
Concern RegardingEmployee Misconduct
Crime
Graffiti Incident
Missed Trash Pick-Up
Pothole
How do I...
Adopt a Pet
Bid for City Projects
Start Bicycling in the City
Contact my City Council Representative
Contact my State & Federal Representatives
Contest a Parking Citation
Find City Council Meetings
Find First-Time Home Buyer Opportunities
Prevent Graffiti
Purchase a Reduced Bus Pass
Receive Military & Veterans Services
Search the Library Catalog
Report Fraud or Ethics Violations
Schedule a Building and Safety Inspection
Schedule a Public Works Inspection
View CEQA Document Postings
Major Road Projects
Riverside County Magnolia Grade Separation Full Road Closure
Riverside Grade Separation
Victoria Avenue Storm Drain Improvements
From Outside RiversideCall 951.826.5311
311 Requests: Submit | Track
View in Browser
Privacy Policy
The City of Riverside is firmly
committed to the principles of electronic privacy. No personal
information gathered for access to this site - including e-mail
addresses - will be released to a third party without the subject's
consent, except as stipulated below. As with any password-protected
site, identity is established at logon and thus it is possible
to identify the pages a specific user visits within the site.
This statement discloses what information is collected from
visitors to the City of Riverside website, how this information
is collected and used, instances when this information is shared
and what choices are available to users regarding the collection,
use and distribution of data. This statement also outlines security
procedures in place to protect against loss, misuse or alteration
of information under City of Riverside's control, and how to
correct or change incorrect information.
Use of Digital Cookies
A cookie is a small data file issued to visitors by certain
Web sites, and stored on the visitor's hard drive. A cookie file
can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses
to track which pages are visited - information that is useful
for marketing purposes and to keep high-traffic pages easily
accessible to users. A cookie cannot read or extract information
from a hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Visitors can refuse cookies by turning them off in the browser.
The City of Riverside reserves the right to use and implement cookies
or allow its advertisers to do so. We do not control, nor do we
have any access to, the cookie information advertisers may collect.
This site also contains links to other sites. The City of Riverside
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
other websites, except those under the jurisdiction of the City
of Riverside.
Traffic Logging
In order to better service the
needs of those who visit our site, the City of Riverside keeps
track of certain traffic data. These include the platform used
(such as a Macintosh or PC), browser type (such as Netscape or Microsoft
Internet Explorer), IP address (or Internet Protocol address, which
identifies the visitor's service provider, but not the visitor
personally) and the previous URL (Uniform Resource Locator, or
Web address) visited by the visitor before clicking through to
City of Riverside. None of these disclose personal information,
and the information they do reveal is used exclusively for internal
administrative purposes.
The City of Riverside's search engine
collects aggregate search terms for internal reporting and targeted
advertising. The City of Riverside monitors aggregate visitor
activity on the sites and may share this information with advertisers,
but at no stage are individual users personally identifiable,
nor is any personal information divulged.
Special Events
The City of Riverside is also involved in organizing and conducting
conferences and educational events, and may, from time to time,
use the Web to promote these events, sell conference subscriptions
and invite prospective attendees to supply certain information
about themselves. This demographic data may then be used for
pre- or post-conference marketing and could be shared with our
event co-sponsors, but will not be disclosed to any other third
parties without the consent of the individual or organization
concerned. The City of Riverside will also require these co-sponsors
to respect the privacy of those who entrust information to the
City of Riverside.
Conference attendees are sometimes asked to supply certain personal
information, including name, contact information and credit card
number. The contact information is used for communicating with
attendees regarding the conference and may be used for promotion
of future conferences. Billing information will be used solely
for billing purposes and will not otherwise be disclosed.
Order Forms
The City of Riverside also uses the Web to promote city events
and services. In some cases, personal information may be requested.
Once again, this information will not be shared with any third
parties without the user's consent.
Security
When an order is placed online, the City of Riverside scrambles
personal data and credit card information using SSL encryption
technology. This makes it virtually impossible for information
to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred across the
Internet. We treat customer information given to us online with
the same confidentiality that we do with customer records on
paper and with information taken over the phone by City of Riverside
customer service representatives. Upon receipt, orders are encrypted
until processed.
However, no technology is fail-proof. It is possible -- even
if remote -- for an unauthorized person to gain access to this
information despite the safeguard of a secure server. Consequently,
visitors using forms on our site do so at their own risk.
Notice to Parents
The sections of City's site that are geared to children (safety,
educational services) do not contain any online forms. We do
not ask children for any personally identifying information.
Links
Our website contains several links to sources outside of the
City's website that we believe are useful to visitors to our
site. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy
policy of the new site.
Once you leave the City of Riverside's website and connect to
the site of another entity, that site is not under the control
of the City of Riverside, and the City of Riverside is not responsible
for the content of sites to which it is linked. The City of Riverside
is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the
inclusion of any link does not imply the City of Riverside's
endorsement of the site.
The City of Riverside welcomes links to its site. You are free
to create a hypertext link to the City of Riverside's site as
long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your
site by the City of Riverside. Also, we request a courtesy notification,
via e-mail to webmaster@riversideca.gov, in advance of your intention
to link to our site.
Email
Messages transmitted via electronic mail (email) are not secure
and any information transmitted to this site via e-mail will
not be treated as confidential. The City of Riverside may use
email or other forms of input provided by visitors to this site
for any purpose without compensation to the contributor.
Viruses
The City of Riverside does not warrant that this site or the
server that it makes available is free of viruses.
Changes or Queries
To change, modify or update any information supplied to City
of Riverside, or if you have any queries, complaints or suggestions
about our privacy policy, please contact: City
of Riverside Webmaster
AMI
Energy Usage Information is detailed electrical consumption data (of less than 60-minute intervals)
obtained through RPU’s Advanced Electric Meters for your account.
Examples of this information include detailed electrical
consumption and demand data combined with a meter identification number.
No consumer information is transmitted.
We regard Energy Usage
Information as a type of personal information. To help ensure your Energy Usage Information is appropriately managed, RPU complies with
applicable privacy and security laws and generally-accepted information security standards to maintain reasonable safeguards assuring
the security, integrity, and privacy of your Personal Information in our possession.
Home
Government
Online Services
Residents
Business
Visitors
Jobs
Popular Pages
City Departments
Mayor
City Council
Library
Museum
Parks and Recreation
Public Utilities
Contact
Who to Call at City Hall
311 Services
Service Index A-Z
Email Call Center
Email Webmaster
Resources
Charter and Municipal Code
Our Awards
Media Page
Community Calendar
Explore Riverside Newsletter
Mobile Apps
EngageRiverside
City of Riverside  |  Explore Riverside  |  At Home in Riverside  |  Seizing Our Destiny
Font size:
A
A
A
Copyright © 2015 City of Riverside | Accessibility Policy | Website Disclaimer | Privacy and Security Policy
Printed from: http://riversideca.gov/privacy.asp