http://www.emmanuel.edu/legal-and-policies.html
Information For
Current Students
Parents & Families
Alumni & Friends
Give
Athletics
Reopening Plan
Discover
About Emmanuel
Who We Are
Our History
Our Catholic Identity
Alumni & Friends
Emmanuel Facts
Leadership & Planning
Centers, Partnerships & Institutes
Campus
Map & Directions
Connect
Offices & Services
News & Media
Give & Support
Blogs
Visit
Request Viewbook
Directory
Discover Emmanuel Home
Academics
Programs
Academic Schools
Programs of Study & Departments
Graduate & Professional Programs
Internships & Career Preparation
Research at Emmanuel
Study Abroad/International
Experiential Learning
Honors Program
Resources
Academic Affairs Administration
Academic Resources
Major Academic Events
Academic Calendar
Registrar
Library
Bookstore
Academics Home
Admissions & Aid
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Visit Emmanuel
Apply Now
Contact Admissions
Tuition & Aid
Undergraduate Tuition & Aid
Graduate Tuition & Aid
FAQs
Current Student Log-In
Resources
Admissions & Aid Home
Schedule your campus visit
Apply Now
Student Life
Campus Life
Residence Life & Dining
Campus
Emmanuel Traditions & Events
New Student Engagement & Transition
Mission & Ministry
Student Affairs Administration
Student Health and Counseling
Student Activities
Clubs & Organizations
Multicultural Programs
Leadership Development Organizations
Club & Intramural Sports
Volunteer Opportunities
Athletics
Student Life Home
Information For
Current Students
Parents & Families
Alumni & Friends
Apply
Visit
Give
Athletics
Reopening Plan
Apply
Visit
Legal & Policies
It is the policy of Emmanuel College not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or the presence of any disability in the recruitment and employment of students, faculty and staff and the operation of any of its programs and activities, as specified by federal laws and regulations.
Notice of Non-Discrimination
As required by law, applicants will be considered without regard for their race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, creed, religion, national origin, disability, veteran or active military status, genetic information or any other legally protected status. Emmanuel College commits itself to diversity and encourages its hiring supervisors to review, recruit, and consider qualified minority, female, disabled and Vietnam era veteran candidates, and encourages such candidates to apply for work at the College.
The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act, and related statutes and regulations, as well as to handle inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies and to serve as the overall Campus Coordinator for purposes of Title IX compliance: Erin Farmer Noonan, Director of Human ResourcesAdministration Building, Room 336617-735-9991
The following individuals have been designated as Deputy Title IX Coordinators: Student LifeDr. Joe Onofrietti, Vice President of Student AffairsSt. Ann Residence Hall, Lower Level617-735-9917
Susan K. Benzie, Director of Residence LifeSt. Ann Residence Hall, Lower Level617-264-7601
Human ResourcesScott Lerner, Associate Director of Human ResourcesAdministration Building, Room 336617-735-9991
Inquiries concerning the application of anti-discrimination laws may be referred to the Title IX coordinators or to the Office for Civil Rights, United States Department of Education. For further information on notice of nondiscrimination or for the address and phone number of the U.S. Department of Education office that serves your area, visit http://wdcrobcolp01.ed.gov/CFAPPS/OCR/contactus.cfm or call 1-800-421-3481.
Copyright & Content
The contents of this website, including (but not limited to) all written material, images, photos and code, are protected under international copyright and trademark laws. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, transmit or distribute any material from this site without express written permission.
All efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on this website. Emmanuel College reserves the right, however, to make changes at its discretion affecting policies, fees, curricula or other matters announced on this website. If you have questions about any information that appears on this website, please contact directly the department on whose page the information appears.
Emmanuel College is not responsible for the quality, accuracy or appropriateness of content on other sites to which links have been provided on Emmanuel College pages. Links from the Emmanuel College website are provided for the benefit of our readers and do not represent an endorsement of any kind.
Opinions expressed in blogs, personal pages or social networking sites are those of the individual author, not Emmanuel College. The individual author(s) is responsible for the information and images contained therein. View Social Media and Blog Guidelines. If you have questions or comments about a particular page, image or document, please contact the author(s) directly. If you feel that content on the page may be inappropriate or offensive and have not received a satisfactory response from the author(s), please notify website@emmanuel.edu.
Emmanuel College does not allow advertisements of any kind on any official Emmanuel College web page. Use of an Emmanuel College website or web service for personal or commercial gain is strictly prohibited.
The Office of Marketing Communications is responsible for the design and maintenance of the Emmanuel College website, as well as select promotional mini-sites. The Office of Marketing Communications is not responsible for the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of information provided by departments, offices and individuals within the site. We do, however, welcome your comments, suggestions and concerns about any Emmanuel College page. Please send your thoughts to website@emmanuel.edu.
Privacy Policy
Emmanuel College is committed to the privacy of all visitors—including alumni, students, faculty, staff and friends—to our websites. When you visit the public Emmanuel website (www.emmanuel.edu), your visit is not tracked by individual name or other personally-identifiable information. Automatic computer information, such as IP address, browser type, and the page or service you are requesting is collected with all other anonymous visitor information and used to improve the site for all users. On select pages of the site, we have enabled Google Analytics Advertising's Geo Targeting feature, which enables us to see your general geographic region for College marketing purposes. This information is used only by Emmanuel College and is never sold to third parties. You always have the option to opt out of this and other Google Analytics tracking features. Optional information, such as your name, e-mail address and other fields, is collected only if you choose to send it via an online form or send it via e-mail. This information helps us process and respond to your request, and will never be shared or sold to any other individual or organization.
This privacy policy governs all online transactions with the College. The College also uses third-party sites for some of its services and most of these sites provide their own privacy policies available for all users to review. If the site does not have an available privacy policy, they agree to honor the privacy policy of the College.
To view the Office of Information Technology's Acceptable Use Policy, which also applies to password protected areas of the site including the MySaints portal, click here.
To update your Alumni e-mail preferences and to view Alumni Terms of Service and Privacy Policies, click here.
To update your Graduate & Professional Programs e-mail preferences, please contact gpp@emmanuel.edu.
Please note: All student records are protected under the Federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), and consequently, cannot be released to a third party without the student's consent.
Explore Emmanuel
Research Spotlight: Searching for an Evolution Solution
Propelled by a National Science Foundation (NSF) grant, students and faculty in the Mathematics Department are studying the rate of evolution in spatially structured populations using evolutionary graph theory, which may inform the estimation of important events in our evolutionary past, such as when humans split from our closest primate relatives.
Learn More
Research Spotlight: Mindfulness and Food for Thought
Assistant Professor of Communications and Media Studies Mark Flynn and Tristyn Suprenant ’20 take a look at food advertisements and the effects of mindfulness on television binge watching.
Learn More
Research Spotlight: Powerful Partnerships
In collaboration with Emmanuel graduate, Kierstin Giunco ’17, Associated Professor of Education Christine Leighton and current student Kayla Balthazar '20 are working with local elementary students to deepen reading engagement and comprehension.
Learn More
Research Spotlight: Economics Education on a Global Scale
As her research in economics education has focused on innovation in the classroom and finding ways to help students apply economic theories to real-world situations, students are vital in every aspect to Associate Professor of Economics Rebecca Moryl’s work.
Learn More
Eileen Milien '22: A Career-Affirming CURE
When choosing a college, Eileen knew two things for sure—that she would be able to get to know her professors and peers and that she wanted to be in an area in which she would have myriad opportunities in the research and medicine.
Learn More
Melissa Duffy '20: Artist and Appreciator
When Melissa started at Emmanuel, she chose what she believed to be two separate and distinct majors—studio art and history—to fulfill her both her personal and professional interests.
Learn More
Kai Uehara '20: Social Justice Scholar
Kai has always had the inclination to try to make any situation better. When he was searching for colleges, Emmanuel's social justice mission resounded deeply with his ideals of supporting those who need the help.
Learn More
Robert Columbus '20: The Idea Man
Robert’s interest in the workings of the wider world grew in 2011 as the Arab Spring became international news. “I love history,” he said, “so knowing the history of the states as well as their current affairs made their actions and interactions much more interesting to me.”
Learn More
Jake Hill '20: Seeing Citizenship with a Capitol C
Growing up in a suburban town outside of Boston, going to college in the city had always been a goal for Jake. After touring Emmanuel's campus he felt it had the perfect mixture of “small campus feel and big city appeal.”
Learn More
Michael Connelly '19: Preventing Cyberattacks with "Big Four" Accounting Firm Deloitte
Michael chose Emmanuel because of its location in Boston and its proximity to the city's "big players," specifically its leading names in the financial industry.
Learn More
Jessie Wang '19: Head of the Class
What began as an on-campus job in Emmanuel's student center transformed into a new career path for Jessie, one that brought her to Harvard University as a master's candidate in higher education administration.
Learn More
Scarborough '17 Helps Visitors Ponder Life's Big Questions at Museum of Science Boston
Chemistry graduate Jennifer Scarborough '17 has found a way to combine her love for science and education. She shares her enthusiasm for the subjects as an education associate in the Hall of Human Life exhibit at Museum of Science Boston—one of the top science museums in the country (according to National Geographic).
Learn More
Let's Get Started.
Emmanuel is a place where students broaden their sense of what’s possible and prepare for inspiring careers in an ever-changing world. Be here.
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Questions?
617-735-9715
Offices and Services
Directory
News and Media
Employment Opportunities
Library
Athletics
Emmanuel Bookstore
Visit
Map and Directions
President's Office
Emmanuel Facts
Campus Preparedness
MySaints Portal
Alumni and Friends
Title IX
Campus Map
Take a Tour
400 The Fenway, Boston, MA 02115
© Emmanuel College | Non-discrimination Policy