http://www.womenscolleges.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Overview
Your privacy is important to the Women’s College Coalition. Our policy is to protect the privacy and confidentiality of individuals accessing our Web site. This Website Privacy Statement describes what information we collect and how that information is protected and used. This Website Privacy Statement applies only to United States visitors to the Women’s College Coalition Website.
Information Gathered Automatically and Its Use
When you access the Women’s College Coalition Website, we automatically collect certain information, such as the type and identity of the Internet service provider you are using, the time spent on the Website, and the country from which you access the Website. We also gather your IP address. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer for accessing the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. We do not link IP addresses to anything personal. This means that user sessions are tracked, but the users remain anonymous. The IP address is used to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website by identifying the parts of our Website that are most heavily used and the portion of our Website audience coming from within the Women’s College Coalition network.
We use the information gathered automatically, as described above, for internal purposes, such as to tailor Website content to user needs and generate aggregate statistical reports. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses. Web server logs are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted completely from our systems.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify any visitors who refuse to comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use, and to identify visitors who threaten our service, site, customers or others.
Information Supplied by Users
On some pages within our Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information before accessing specific pages or as a requirement to receive certain information by mail or e-mail. For example, persons requesting information from colleges will be asked to provide a name and mailing address. This information may be used by us to contact you directly in order to respond to your requests; however, you will always be given an opportunity to opt out of any of our direct marketing activities.
Member Services
The Women’s College Coalition may provide an online directory and offer other online services from time to time. Directory information will include the names and contact information of all active members. Access to the member directory, should it ever be offered, will be password protected and is limited to those other members with a legitimate business need to access such information. If you are a WCC member and do not want your information to be made available via an online directory, you may contact us at colleges@womenscolleges.org.
You agree to be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of, and all acts or omissions that may occur under, your user ID and password.  If you believe your password may have been compromised, you should immediately notify the Women’s College Coalition as set forth below in "Contacting the Web Site."
Sharing Your Personal Information
The Women’s College Coalition will not license, sell or provide your personal information to any third party except as described herein, or with your consent. We may use service providers to carry out certain activities on our behalf. These service providers are granted access to the personal information necessary to enable them to do their job but do not use or disclose the information for any other purpose. We may also disclose specific information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the interests or safety of others.
Public Forums, Chat Rooms and Listservs
This Privacy Statement does not protect you when you use public forums. As a service to our users, the Women’s College Coalition may offer chat rooms, bulletin/message boards and/or listservs for our Website visitors. Any information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or other posting or online discussion is public information and may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties that do not adhere to this Privacy Statement.
Other Links
The Women’s College Coalition Website may contain destination links to other independently-run Websites. The Women’s College Coalition is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such Websites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. Any information you reveal on any such site is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Therefore, you should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit. However, we wish to ensure the integrity of our Website and its destination links, so any comments pertaining to any sites accessed through destination links on our Website are greatly appreciated. Please send your comments or complaints regarding independently-run Websites accessible by these destination links to colleges@womenscolleges.org.
Security
The Women’s College Coalition treats your personal information as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. This Web site has information security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We restrict access to our data center and server rooms to authorized personnel and limit access to personal information to those employees who have a legitimate business need to access such information. Despite these security measures, we do not represent or warrant that personal information will be protected against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this Website Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions to our Website. Your use of the Website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Website Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Website Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Website Privacy Statement or any revised statement, then please exit the Web site immediately.
Organization Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website, or your use of the Website, please contact us at Women’s College Coalition, PO Box 3983, Decatur, GA  30031 or colleges@womenscolleges.org.
Latest News
Posted:
September 21, 2020
WCC Mourns the Passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Posted:
July 30, 2020
Women’s College Coalition Hosts Town Hall With U.S. Rep. Karen Bass