https://www.sunyjcc.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Information about
Spring 2021 at JCC
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome
Jamestown Community College’s privacy policy
sunyjcc.edu’s commitment to privacy
At Jamestown Community College, we are committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with JCC. We recognize that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit sunyjcc.edu. You can travel through most of sunyjcc.edu without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online information practices.
JCC does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, completing a web form, or completing the online application. This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom Information Law, Personal Privacy Protection Law, and General Data Protection Regulation.
Information collected automatically when you visit sunyjcc.edu
When visiting sunyjcc.edu, JCC uses Google Analytics to automatically collect, analyze, and store the following information about the user’s visit:
Page Information
URL – the URL of the page the user is viewing
Title – the title of the page the user is viewing
Browser Information
Browser name – the browser the user is using
Viewport or Viewing pane – the size of the browser window
Screen resolution – the resolution of the user’s screen
Java enabled – whether or not the user has Java enabled
Flash version – what version of Flash the user is using
User Information
Location – this is derived from the IP address where the hit originated. The IP address itself is not available in GA as it is personally identifiable information (PII) which violates the terms of Google Analytics.
Language – derived from the language settings of the browser
Frequency and Retention - how many times the user has been on the site and how long they are on the site
Source - ISP the user of the site used
Device - device type of users browsing (computer, tablet or mobile device)
Channels - the keywords and sites that referred them
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve sunyjcc.edu’s content and to help JCC understand how users are interacting with its website.
This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users. The information is collected to guide in-house marketing decisions and JCC is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from sunyjcc.edu.
Information collected when you email sunyjcc.edu or complete a transaction
During your visit to sunyjcc.edu you may send an email to JCC. Your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your email address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this website, or to forward your message to other JCC personnel for appropriate action.
Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes, and JCC is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to sunyjcc.edu you may complete a transaction such as an online application or a web form. The information collected by JCC, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by JCC and may be disclosed by JCC for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
JCC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Google Analytics specifically filters collection of children’s information to JCC. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail or web form will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Use of personal information
Your submitted information will be used for the purpose to deliver the product, services, or materials requested. Your information may be used to communicate with you information and updates pertaining to JCC.
Disclosure of information collected through website
JCC will only collect personal information through sunyjcc.edu or disclose personal information collected through sunyjcc.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information to JCC by the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by JCC for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to JCC. However, JCC may collect or disclose personal information without the consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of JCC, or necessary for JCC to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user, or (4) if information to be used solely for the statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person. Further, the disclosure of information including personal information, collected through sunyjcc.edu, is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law. JCC may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to JCC’s information technology assets.
Retention of information collected through this website
The Google Analytics information collected through ecc.edu is retained indefinitely through Google Analytics. Emails sent to the sunyjcc.edu domain and information submitted in a web form are retained indefinitely on an archive system housed on premises.
Access to and correction and erasure of personal information collected through sunyjcc.edu
Any user may submit a request to JCC’s privacy compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through sunyjcc.edu. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer is: Director of Human Resources Jamestown Community College 525 Falconer Street Jamestown, NY 14702-0020.
In the event that JCC has collected personal information pertaining to a user through sunyjcc.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user’s request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of their right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in Section 95 of the Public Officers Law and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  In addition, users may request at any time that their personal information be amended, corrected, or erased under the procedures set forth in Section 95 of the Public Officers Law, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or other applicable law.
Confidentiality and integrity of personal information collected through sunyjcc.edu
JCC is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through sunyjcc.edu against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, JCC limits employee access to personal information collected through sunyjcc.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, JCC has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of sunyjcc.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of sunyjcc.edu for all users, JCC employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage sunyjcc.edu.
Cookies
The Website may use "cookies," which are text files holding small amounts of data, to collect information to anonymously track how visitors interact with the Website, including where they came from or what they did on the Website.  The College uses this analytical information to improve users’ experiences online. The cookies utilized by Google Analytics are stored on the device visiting the site. The information collected by Google Analytics and presented to JCC do not include single cookie identifiers and therefore JCC does not derive personal information from cookies.
Users do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Website. Users can disable cookies in their browser settings.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through sunyjcc.edu.
Contact information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our privacy officer via email at HumanResources@mail.sunyjcc.edu or by regular mail at: Director of Human Resources Jamestown Community College 525 Falconer Street Jamestown, NY 14702-0020
Definitions
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy: Personal information: For purposes of this policy, “personal information” means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that person. User: shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.
Printer-friendly version
Request More Info
Visit Campus
Apply
Jamestown Campus
Cattaraugus County Campus (Olean)
North County Center (Dunkirk)
Give to JCC
News
Calendar of Events
Campus Maps
JCC A-Z
Student Voices Blog
Employment
Site Feedback
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Non-Discrimination Notice
Contact Us
Language
Jamestown Community College |
State University of New York (SUNY) |
525 Falconer Street |
Jamestown, NY 14701 |
1.800.388.8557