https://www.perdoceoed.com/terms
Platform Terms of Use and End User License Agreement
Your use of the websites, mobile sites and mobile applications on which these terms reside (collectively, the "Platform"), and the features of this Platform are subject to these Terms of Use, which we may update from time to time. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Platform. The Platform is owned or controlled by Perdoceo Education Corporation ("Company"). This Platform is intended for and applicable only for residents of the United States. If you are from another jurisdiction, you may not use this Platform. By accessing this Platform in any way, including, without limitation, browsing this Platform, using any information, and/or submitting information to Company, you agree to and are bound by the terms, conditions, policies and notices contained on this page (the "Terms"), including, but not limited to, conducting this transaction electronically, disclaimers of warranties, damage and remedy exclusions and limitations, and a choice of Illinois law.
From time to time we may update this Platform and these Terms. Your use of this Platform after we post any changes to these Terms constitutes your agreement to those changes. You agree to review these Terms periodically to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version. Company may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue this Platform or any part thereof, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of this Platform with or without notice to you. You agree that you do not have any rights in this Platform and that Company will have no liability to you if this Platform is discontinued or your ability to access the Platform or any content you may have posted on the Platform is terminated.
Binding Arbitration
You and Company agree that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Platform, use of the Platform, this Agreement and/or the Privacy Policy shall be settled by binding arbitration in a location determined by the arbitrator as set forth herein (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you in your hometown area), or at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties, in accordance with the applicable procedural rules set forth in the then prevailing Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS (“JAMS Rules and Procedures”), and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The JAMS Rules and Procedures are available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling (800) 352-5267. The arbitrator shall be selected pursuant to the JAMS Rules and Procedures. Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court in accordance with the terms of this Agreement if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis. The arbitrator shall apply Illinois law consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law. If you initiate arbitration against Company, you will not be responsible for professional fees for the arbitrator’s services or any other JAMS fees. If Company initiates arbitration against you, Company will pay for the arbitrator’s services and any other JAMS fees associated with the arbitration. If any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal (other than that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis), or otherwise conflicts with the rules and procedures established by JAMS, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, the portion that is deemed invalid, unenforceable or illegal is that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither claimant nor Company shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute.THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PURSUANT TO THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN THE CLAIMS OF OTHER PERSONS OR PARTIES WHO MAY BE SIMILARLY SITUATED.
BY AGREEING TO THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AS SET FORTH HEREIN, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND LIMITING YOUR RIGHT TO APPEAL AND YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHTS TO OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION. DO NOT USE THIS PLATFORM IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOREGOING BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISIONS.
Company Content
Content on this Platform that is provided by Company or its licensors, including certain graphics, photographs, images, screen shots, text, digitally downloadable files, trademarks, logos, product and program names, slogans, and the compilation of the foregoing ("Company Content") is the property of Company and its licensors, and is protected in the U.S. and internationally under trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property laws.
You agree not to download, display or use any Company Content located on the Platform for use in any publications, in public performances, on platforms other than this Platform for any other commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of Company, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that disparages or discredits Company and/or its licensors, that dilutes the strength of Company's or its licensor's property, or that otherwise infringes Company’s or its licensors’ intellectual property rights. You further agree to in no other way misuse any Company Content or Third Party Content that appears on this Platform.
If you are a trademark or copyright owner and you believe that your trademark or copyright rights have been violated, please go to our Proprietary Rights Complaint Process and follow the instructions at that area.
Use of the Platform and Posting Policy
The following requirements apply to your use the Platform: (a) you will not use any electronic communication feature of the Platform for any purpose that is unlawful, tortious, abusive, intrusive on another's privacy, harassing, libelous, defamatory, embarrassing, obscene, threatening, or hateful; (b) you will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any information, software, or other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights; (c) you will not collect or store personal data about other users; (d) you will not use the Platform for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by Company in writing; (e) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any advertising or promotional materials or any other form of solicitation or unauthorized communication; (f) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs which might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You understand that certain offers, services and features that may be available on the Platform may be subject to additional specific terms and conditions. This may include, but is not limited to, contests and sweepstakes, or other promotions. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and any such specific terms and conditions, the specific terms and conditions will control.
From time to time on certain areas of our Platform you may be able to submit photos, written posts, messages to other users and certain other materials ("User Content"). By using these features, you agree that you will not provide any User Content that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, violent or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate as determined by Company; that you will not provide any User Content that contains personal information about any individual, violates the privacy/publicity of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential; that you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, the personnel of Company, or misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization; you will not provide any User Content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of the Platform, or feature of the Platform. You further understand and agree that you have no ownership rights in materials you submit to us, to any account you may have with us, or other access to the Platform or features therein. Company may cancel your account and delete all User Content associated with your account at any time, and without notice, if Company deems that you have violated these Terms, the law, or for any other reason. Company assumes no liability for any information removed from our Platform, and reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Platform or a user account.
By displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any User Content on or through the Platform, you hereby grant to Company a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty free license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third party or the need to seek any third party permission. This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Content, as well as the right to sublicense User Content to third parties, including other users, for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed, such as for use on mobile phones, in video or music software computer programs. You continue to retain all ownership rights in your User Content, and you continue to have the right to use your User Content in any way you choose, subject to these Terms and the license described herein. You represent and warrant that you own the content submitted, displayed, published or posted by you on the Platform and otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein, and the displaying, publishing or posting of any content you submit, and our use thereof does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
By accessing or using any Platform messaging service, you understand and agree that you may receive communications from Company, at its discretion, and other users as well as notices, within the Platform and on the device used to access the Platform.
Communications and notices may be sent by various means, including but not limited to e-mail, push notifications, in-App messaging and in-App chat. You may be able to customize the notices you receive through settings on your device or within the Platform. To the extent you engage in communications via any Platform messaging service (such as in-App messaging or in-App chat), you hereby authorize Company to deliver such communications to you through the Platform.
You agree to indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, and Platform contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, related to your violation of these Terms, including the Posting Policy, or any violations thereof by your dependents or which arises from the use of User Content you submitted, posted, or otherwise provided to Company or this Platform.
Your Account
Certain areas of the Platform may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content. If you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of the Platform or any features at all. If the Platform requires you to create an account or otherwise submit information, you agree that you will provide accurate and complete information for your user account; that you will not impersonate a third party in your communications with Company; that you will only submit information about yourself; and that you will otherwise comply with these Terms, including the Posting Policy section of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data, and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility. You may not authorize any other person or entity to use your account or to access restricted or protected content or features available at the Company Platform. Creating an account or opting in to receive notifications or offers does not guarantee the receipt of any such messages or the availability to you of any promotional offer.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, including all transactions and other activities undertaken with your device and any stored payment card, whether authorized or unauthorized. You must keep your user account, username, and password secure. You must notify Company immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user ID, password, or other information which provides you access to the Platform. Company is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. Company shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of user information transmitted from or stored on a computer or device or from unauthorized or fraudulent transactions associated with the Platform.
You understand that you have no ownership rights in your account or other access to the Platform or features therein. Company may terminate your access to the Platform, cancel your account and/or delete all information associated with your account, including any materials you may have submitted to Company, at any time, and without notice, for any reason, including if Company deems that you have violated these Terms, the law, or for any other reason. Company assumes no liability for any information removed from our Platform, and reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Platform or a user account.
App Platform Users
The use of the app version of the Platform requires use of a mobile device and wireless mobile data service, which must be obtained from your wireless carrier, and may require Internet access, which must be obtained from your service provider; you are responsible for obtaining and paying for such additional services and obtaining a suitable device, including without limitation all usage charges related thereto. You are required to send and receive, at your cost, electronic communications related to the Platform, including without limitation, administrative messages, service announcements, diagnostic data reports, and Platform updates, from Company, your mobile carrier or third party service providers. If you do not have an unlimited wireless mobile data plan, you may incur additional charges from your wireless service provider in connection with your use of the Platform. You are solely responsible for obtaining any additional subscription or connectivity services or equipment necessary to access the Platform, including but not limited to payment of all third party fees associated therewith, including fees for information sent to or through the Platform.
Company may, at its discretion, automatically download Platform updates to your device from time to time. You agree to accept these Platform updates, and to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. The Platform may not work with all devices or all mobile carriers. Company makes no representations that the Platform will be compatible with or provided by all mobile carriers. In the event that fees are charged for the Platform, or other third party service providers charge a fee for the products or services they provide, you agree to pay such fee to the respective party in exchange for your continued use of such products or services. Some services may be subject to different or additional terms (including fees), which you will be required to agree to prior to your use of such services
Users of the Apple Platform
If you download and use our iPhone or iPad App: You, the end-user of this Platform, acknowledge that this agreement is entered into by and between Company and its affiliates, and you, and not with Apple, Inc., and Apple, Inc. is not responsible for the Platform, the Services, and/or the Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Apple, Inc. and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this agreement and that Apple, Inc. has the right (and is deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement. You acknowledge that Apple, Inc. has no obligation whatsoever to maintain or support the Platform. You acknowledge that you have reviewed and agree to the App Store Terms and Conditions (located online athttps://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#APPS), including the Usage Rules set forth therein. This agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement (the "LAEULA") published by Apple, Inc. (located online at https://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/). For purposes of this Agreement, the Platform is considered the "Licensed Application" as defined in the LAEULA and we are considered the "Application Provider" as defined in the LAEULA. If any terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the LAEULA, the terms of this agreement shall control. In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty set forth herein, you acknowledge that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple, Inc. will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty. You further acknowledge and agree that in no event will Apple, Inc. be responsible for any claims relating to the Platform (including, without limitation, a third party claim that the Platform infringes that third party's intellectual property rights) or your use or possession of the Platform, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Transactions and Product Availability
Through the Platform, you may be able to order and/or pay for Company products or services. To be able to order and pay for such products or services, you must supply certain information relevant to your transaction, including, without limitation, your credit or debit card number, the expiration date of your credit or debit card, the name on your credit or debit card, your billing address, and your shipping address. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD OR OTHER PAYMENT METHOD UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant to Company and/or the any required third parties the right to provide and transmit such information for purposes of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any transaction.
Company may permit you, through the Platform, to order products or services (collectively “Products or Services”). All descriptions, images, features, specifications, products, and prices of Products or Services are subject to change at any time without notice. The inclusion of any Products or Services on the Platform does not imply or warrant that these Products or Services will be available. Company reserves the right, with or without prior notice, to do any one or more of the following for any reason: (i) limit the available quantity of or discontinue any Product or Service; (ii) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, coupon code, promotional code, or other similar promotion; (iii) bar you from making or completing any or all transactions; and (iv) refuse to provide you with any Product or Service. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you, on your behalf, or by your account through the Platform, at the price in effect when such charges are incurred. You are solely responsible for any taxes applicable to your transaction.
ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DESCRIBED ON THE PLATFORM ARE OFFERED ONLY IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE THEY MAY BE LEGALLY OFFERED FOR SALE. THE INFORMATION ON THE PLATFORM IS NOT AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION BY ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION CANNOT LEGALLY BE MADE, OR ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE A SOLICITATION.
You understand and agree that you are charged at the time you place your order for Products or Services. You further understand and agree that the transaction for the purchase of Products or Services is final and complete at the time you are charged. Once an order is placed, changes cannot be made to the order. After you have submitted your order on the Platform or you have otherwise directed Company to begin preparation of your order by means designated by Company and communicated to you in Company’s sole discretion, you may not cancel your order. Company may restrict orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address.
Despite Company’s best efforts, occasional pricing and other errors may occur on the Platform. Access to the Platform does not constitute the right to purchase products featured. Company is not responsible for typographical, pricing or other errors. Company reserves the right to revise pricing and other errors and to cancel any order you have placed if there was an error concerning the price or availability of any item you ordered when you placed the order, even if you have received an order confirmation. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Company will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. Company reserves the right to limit quantities of products purchased.
Representations, and Limitations of Liability
Company makes no representations about the reliability of the features of this Platform, the Content, User Content, or any other Platform feature, and disclaims all liability in the event of any service failure. You acknowledge that any reliance on such material or systems will be at your own risk. Company makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any Content or User Content will be preserved.
Company does not endorse, verify, evaluate or guarantee any information provided by users and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement, verification or guarantee of any User Content. You shall not create or distribute information, including but not limited to advertisements, press releases or other marketing materials, or include links to any Platforms which contain or suggest an endorsement by Company without the prior review and written approval of Company.
THIS PLATFORM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS PLATFORM OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE THEREIN. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”) THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS PLATFORM, NOR SHALL COMPANY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS PLATFORM'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A NEGLIGENT ACT, WILL COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE PLATFORM, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF COMPANY’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Third Party Platforms
This Platform may hyperlink to platforms not maintained by or related to Company. Hyperlinks are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Platform or Company, and Company makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of those third party platforms. Information you submit at a third party platform accessible from this Platform is subject to the terms of that platform's privacy policy, and Company has no control over how your information is collected, used, or otherwise handled.
SMS Terms and Conditions
From time to time, PRDO Schools may offer a recurring, subscription text message service as described in the messaging for the applicable text message service. By providing your consent, you agree to receive messages from or on behalf of the PRDO School (including through automated and/or pre-recorded means), even if your telephone number is on a corporate, state or the National Do Not Call Registry, and you agree to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy . You understand that your consent is not required as a condition to purchase a good or service or to enroll.  For more information on a subscription text message service at a PRDO School and their specific SMS Terms and Conditions, please visit the following sites:
AIU Terms of Service
CTU Terms of Service
Miscellaneous
Both you and Company acknowledge and agree that no partnership is formed and neither of you nor Company has the power or the authority to obligate or bind the other.
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois without regard to conflicts of laws principles. By using this Platform, you hereby agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms will be subject to the courts located in Cook County, Illinois. YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS PLATFORM AND/OR THESE TERMS, WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION. These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
On certain areas of our Platform, you may be given the ability to provide us with personal information. Please read our Privacy Policy more information about our information collection and use practices.
The failure of Company to comply with these Terms because of an act of God, war, fire, riot, terrorism, earthquake, actions of federal, state or local governmental authorities or for any other reason beyond the reasonable control of Company, shall not be deemed a breach of these Terms.
If Company fails to act with respect to your breach or anyone else's breach on any occasion, Company is not waiving its right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Company, and is accepted by you upon your use of the Platform or your account. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Company regarding the use of the Platform and your account. By using the Platform you represent that you are capable of entering into a binding agreement, and that you agree to be bound by these Terms.
©
Perdoceo Education Corporation. All rights reserved.