https://www.bostonteapartyship.com/privacy-policy
CLOSED DUE TO WEATHER, SATURDAY DEC 5TH, 2020.
We will re-open on Sunday.Plan Visit >
Masks are mandatory.
View Guidelines >
We now offer Virtual Museum Programs year round.
View Virtual Programs >
Tour Hours: 10am - 4pm
English
English French German Italian Spanish
Search
Privacy Policy - Boston Tea Party Ships
Tickets
Toggle navigation
Tour Hours: 10am - 4pm
Search
Back
Visit
Tickets & Packages
Safety Guidelines
Abigail’s Tea Room
Parking, Map & Directions
Group Tours
Museum FAQs
Museum Tour Alerts
Translated Guides
Monthly Tavern Nights
Contact
Contact
Join the Cast
Media Tickets Request
Customer Service & Refund Policy
Learn
Full Research Library
Boston Tea Party History
Participants in the Boston Tea Party
Committees of Correspondence
The Tea Act
Sons of Liberty
Loyal Nine
Samuel Adams
Paul Revere
King George III
American Revolution
Shot Heard ‘Round the World
Faneuil Hall
John Adams
Teach
Field Trips
Virtual Museum Experiences
Virtual Field Trips
Lesson Plans
About
Museum Partners
Press Room
News Archives
Boston Tea Party Webcam
Programs
Monthly Tavern Nights
Unconditional Love: The Letters of John & Abigail Adams
Revelry on Griffin’s Wharf
Travel Guide
Fun Things To Do
Boston Attractions
Fort Point Channel
Most Scenic Views
Museum Tavern Nights
The Tea Master’s Blog
Shop Online
Tickets
Shop Merchandise
Weddings & Venue Rentals
Tour Hours: 10am - 4pm
306 Congress St.
Discounted Parking Located at:
Farnsworth Street Garage
Stillings Street Garage
Facebook Boston Tea Party Ship
Instagram Boston Tea Party Ship
twitter Boston Tea Party Ship
youtube Boston Tea Party Ship
Search for:
Search
Close search
Privacy Policy
For any queries about the processing of information on BostonTeaPartyShip.com please contact us. This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.
Privacy and Personal Information
BostonTeaPartyShip.com  respects your right to privacy, and does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer identified below. Any personal information which you volunteer to BostonTeaPartyShip.com will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality. Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by BostonTeaPartyShip.com only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and Use of Tracking Information
In accordance with normal practice, we record every visit to this site. This information is used to improve the operation of the service and to provide statistical information about the use of the site.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged. BostonTeaPartyShip.com  does not attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed below with any individual.
Details logged include the following items:
The date and time of every visit to an individual page
Each page visited in the site on such a visit
Your IP/network address
Location or geographical information
The type of web browser used by the website visitor
The device used by the website visitor
BostonTeaPartyShip.com may make these technical details available to companies under the control and direction of  BostonTeaPartyShip.com in order to provide analysis of advertising and website traffic. These other companies may be supplied with or have access to this information solely for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Google Analytics
BostonTeaPartyShip.com uses Google Display Advertising and Remarketing Tools with Google Analytics. To learn more about Google anonymous data collection please visit Google Adword’s Remarketing Policy. To adjust your internet ad preferences in Google Account Settings, please log in to Google and visit the link to the Ads Preferences Manager.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
BostonTeaPartyShip.com may from time to time use Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications of Facebook Inc.. This tool allows BostonTeaPartyShip.com to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. The collected data remains anonymous and BostonTeaPartyShip.com cannot see the personal data of any individual user.
However, the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook may be able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes (in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy). Facebook has ultimate control of the information gathered through Facebook Advertising, Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing, and communications. You can opt-out of Facebook’s use of cookies and Facebook Pixel Re-Marketing through settings on your Facebook Account.
WordPress Stats
BostonTeaPartyShip.com uses the WordPress Stats tool to perform statistical analyses of visitor traffic.
WordPress Stats uses cookies that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about the use of our website is stored on servers in the USA. Your IP address will be anonymized after processing and before storage.
WordPress Stats cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
The storage of “WordPress Stats” cookies provides the website operator the ability to analyze user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. The functionality of our services may be limited when cookies are disabled.
SSL or TLS Encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.
share
share Facebook
share twitter
share linkedin
Go Top
SIGNUP FOR SPECIALS & DISCOUNTS
Sign up to receive special offers, discounts and news on upcoming events.
Name sign up*Zip Code*Email Address*
CAPTCHA