http://www.icuaz.com/privacy-policy/
Christian Colleges in Arizona
Arizona Christian University
College of St Scholastica
Grand Canyon University
Community Colleges in Arizona
Glendale Community College AZ
Free Community College
Effective January 1, 2014
ICUAZ.com is an informational website committed to complying with responsible business and data management practices.  Protecting the privacy and security of consumers’ information is very important to us. Our website serves the following functions:
provides consumers with index of colleges and universities (in Arizona and beyond) as well as other related information;
solicits feedback from consumers in the form of comments and surveys;
serves third party ads from sponsors in order to fund research and publishing efforts;
provides information for prospective students and their parents or other decision makers; and
contains password-protected pages where premium members can access member-only materials.
This Privacy Policy describes the collection and use of information on our website. Please read this policy before using, or submitting information to, these sites. By using this site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy. Although this site contains links to other websites, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other, sites. If you have questions about how those websites collect and use data, you should carefully read those sites’ privacy policies.
Personal Information Collected on this Website
No personal information is collected on this website from consumers who browse for information about online advertising or who use the opt-out page, or from individuals who access the members-only section of our website.
The only personal information collected on this website is gathered on our “contact us” forms. In the consumer form, fields are provided so that users can submit questions or comments and provide contact information including name, email address, and phone number. We collect this personal information so that we can respond to these inquiries, comments, and questions. We may share information submitted by consumers with third parties to help resolve users’ complaints. We also may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, including by search warrant, subpoena, or court order.
As discussed below, we also collect non-personally identifiable information on this website. However, we do not merge any of the personal information collected via our contact form with anonymous data collected on our website.
Non-Personally Identifiable Data Collected on this Website
We collect and store in server logs non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, IP address, operating system, the date and time of visits, the pages visited on the site, time spent viewing the site, and return visits to the site. We also use Google Analytics, a service that records non-personally identifiable data such as browser type, operating system, the date and time of a visit, where visitors came from, the pages visited on this website, the time spent viewing site, where visitors went when they left the site, and return visits to the site. Google provides an opt-out tool in the form of a browser plugin which prevents your session from being tracked by Google Analytics.
We aggregate this non-personally identifiable data to better understand how visitors use our site, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our website. We store IP addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes.
We may share this non-personally identifiable data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of our website, or to comply with applicable law. We also may share this data with our service providers. We do not rent, sell or share any non-personally identifiable data collected on this website with third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for websites that you visit to keep track of online patterns and preferences, as well as to identify return visitors. Cookies make the personalization of your web experiences possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information each time you visit a website.
If you login to the members-only section of our site, we set a cookie with a randomly-generated anonymous identifier to allow you to navigate those pages.
We also serve cookies to help us anonymously track web traffic, as described above.
In addition, ICUAZ.com partner companies serve cookies via this website as part of the opt-out process. To enable consumers to opt out of Internet-based advertising (IBA) by a member company, the member company must set an “opt-out cookie” on the consumer’s browser. In the interest of our visitors and members, we provide a link to the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tool. Please note that if you delete any opt-out cookies obtained using the NAI opt-out page, such as by clearing all cookies in your browser, you will need to return to the opt-out page to renew your choices. Additionally, Google provides an opt-out tool visitors may use to opt out of IAB served via Google or its partners.
You have the ability to manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your browser. To learn more about how to manage cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Third Party Content, Links, and Plug-ins
This site contains links to other websites not owned by ICUAZ.com.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other, sites. If you have questions about how those websites collect and use data, you should carefully read those sites’ privacy policies.
This site may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, such as Facebook (facebook.com), Linkedin (linkedin.com) and Twitter (twitter.com).  The social media sites may receive data when you visit a website — such as ICUAZ.com — that has plugins. In some cases, ICUAZ.com may know that you clicked on a social plugin such as a Facebook Like button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have previously provided personally identifiable information to a third-party operating a plug-in on this website, then this third-party may recognize you on this website. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options. As with linked sites, ICUAZ.com has no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social network plugins.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
As our organization, membership, and services evolve, this Privacy Policy may be revised to reflect those changes. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason. Notice of such amendments will be posted as an updated Privacy Policy on this website, and an effective date will be indicated. Users are encouraged to check our site frequently to review the current Privacy Policy in effect.
Questions?
Please contact us with any questions about this website Privacy Policy.
Private Colleges in Arizona
A.T. Still University
Arizona Christian University
Arizona Summit Law School
DeVry University
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
Grand Canyon University - GCU
Keller Graduate School of Management
Midwestern University
Northcentral University
Ottawa University
The College of St Scholastica
University of Phoenix
Western International University
Arizona State Universities
University of Arizona
Northern Arizona University (NAU)
Arizona State University (ASU)
Arizona Community Colleges
Mesa Community College
Glendale Community College
Scottsdale Community College
Pima Community College
Coconino Community College
Mohave Community College
Cochise College
Arizona Western College