http://www.sdiae.edu/privacy-policy/
Enter your keyword
SearchPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.Security PolicyYour payment and personal information are always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.Cancellation“Cancellation” refers to notification to IAE, in writing, that the student will no longer attend the school before starting classes. Application, Overseas and Courier fees are non-refundable. Accommodation placement fee is refundable only in case a reservation was not processed. The tuition in case of being prepaid is fully refundable.Withdrawal“Withdrawal” means leaving the course once it has begun. There is no refund for a one-month period once the student has attended the orientation session, has taken the level placement test or has attended the first day of his/her scheduled class.Sample of Refund Policy:A student enrolls in an 8-week course and pays $700 tuition. The student withdraws after completing 3 weeks of classes and notifies IAE of the cancellation/withdrawal. The refund would be calculated as follows:($87.50 X 4) = $350(Prorated weekly tuition) (4-weeks minimum) (Amount of refund)o The first month is non-refundable. Once student has taken the Level Placement test.o Class schedule is subject to change without notice.To cancel enrollment and/or obtain a refund, the student must send a written request to the school’s director according to the campus he/she is enrolled.Late Arrival and AbsencesIf students arrive late to a course, or are absent during the course, no refund will be granted. Periods of absence may not be made up with free extension of the course.LiabilityIAE will not be liable in any way to the student in the event of any service, contracted to be supplied by IAE, becoming impossible to supply by reason of industrial dispute or other cause outside the control of IAE. IAE will not be liable for loss, damage, or injury to persons or property howsoever caused, save where the liability is expressly imposed beyond exclusion by statute.Federal and State Financial Aid ProgramsInternational Academy of English does not currently participate in any federal or state financial aid programs. Students are expected to make arrangements to pay for their own tuition and incidental fees. IAE does not offer student loans of any kind.WebsiteWhat We Collect and WhyInternational Academy of English collects some anonymous information each time you visit its website, so it can improve the overall quality of your online experience. It collects your IP address, referral data, and browser and platform type. You do not have to register with International Academy of English before we can collect this anonymous information.International Academy of English website does not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or e-mail address, for you to use the website. The International Academy of English website may assign an anonymous ID number to your request(s) and links the following additional data to that number: the date and time you visited the website, your search terms, and the links upon which you choose to click. Like most standard website servers, we use log files to collect and store this anonymous user information. International Academy of English analyzes the information to examine trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.From time-to-time the International Academy of English website requests information from you that may identify you personally in addition to the anonymous information described above. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, e-mail address, shipping address, and zip code), and demographic information (such as age, gender, occupation, and household income). International Academy of English will not use or disclose your individual user information except as described in this privacy policy and without first obtaining your consent.CookiesInternational Academy of English may set and access cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small data file that a website may send to your browser and which may then be stored on your system. We may occasionally use both session cookies and persistent cookies. For the session cookie, once you close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on the International Academy of English websites our visitors view and which Web browsers our visitors use. We may also use cookies to help us provide personalized features and preferences to you within various International Academy of English websites in a way that may be linked to individual user information that you elect to share with us. We may also use “action tags” to assist in delivering the cookie. These action tags allow us to compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregate basis, by embedding a random identifying number on each user’s browser. Then we track where that number shows up on our site.European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Privacy NoticeLawful Basis for Collecting and Processing of Personal DataIn order for educational institutions to educate their students both in class and on-line, it is essential and necessary that they have lawful bases to collect, process, use, and maintain data for its student, employees, applicants, and others involved in its educational programs. The lawful bases include, without limitation, admission, registration, delivery of classroom, on-line, and study abroad education, grades, communications, employment, program analysis for improvements, and records retention. Examples of data that International Academy of English and/or its affiliates may need to collect in connection with the lawful bases are: name, email address, IP address, physical address or other location identifier, photos, as well as some sensitive personal data obtained with prior consent. For more information regarding the EU GDPR, please review the International Academy of English EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Policy.Most of the collection and processing of personal data will include:Processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by International Academy of English and/or its affiliates or third parties in providing educational opportunities and employment.Processing necessary for the performance of a contract to which the subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.Processing necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which International Academy of English and/or any of its affiliates is subject.The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes. This lawful basis pertains primarily but not exclusively to the protection of research subjects.There will be some instances where the collection and processing of personal data will be pursuant to other lawful bases.Types of Personal Data Collected and WhyInternational Academy of English and/or its affiliates collect a variety of personal and sensitive data to meet one of its lawful bases, as referenced above. Most often the data is used for admission, registration, delivery of classroom, on-line, and study abroad education, grades, communications, employment, program analysis for improvements, and records retention. If you have specific questions regarding the collection and use of your personal data, please contact the Office of Information Technology Information Security Office at dataprotection@sdiae.edu.If a data subject refuses to provide personal data that is required, such refusal may make it impossible for International Academy of English and/or its affiliates to provide education, employment, research or other requested services.Personal data typically includes, but is not limited to:Data TypeSourceFirst name, last name, address, and any other contact information that can directly or indirectly identify the data subject.Collected directly from you, the data subject, through: application forms, online forms, emails, phone calls, chats, SMS, shared files.Individual Rights of the Data Subject under the EU GDPRIndividual data subjects covered by International Academy of English EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Policy will be afforded the following rights:Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.Right to judicial review – in the event that International Academy of English refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.Right to complain – in the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by International Academy of English.All personal data and sensitive personal data collected or processed by International Academy of English and/or its affiliates under the scope of the International Academy of English EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Policy must comply with the security controls and safeguards of FERPA, GLBA, and PCI as set forth in the International Academy of English Global Information, Security, and Privacy Program.Retention PeriodInternational Academy of English and/or its affiliates will process and store personal data for no longer than it is necessary for the specified above purpose(s).Policy UpdatesInternational Academy of English and/or its affiliates reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make changes we will post an updated effective date below. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. This policy has been updated on May 16, 2018.Contacts:Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted directly here:International Academy of EnglishOffice of Information Technology, Information Security Office1094 Cudahy Pl, Suite 204San Diego, CA 92110dataprotection@sdiae.eduAccept This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, and analyze site traffic. Read More . If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Beginning October 26th, 2020, all new F-1 students coming from overseas will be required to attend hybrid classes which means that some classes will be conducted on campus and some will be online. This is in accordance with SEVP rules and regulations for language programs.