https://www.cbt.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicySchedule a Tour
today to beginJanuary 11CALL NOW- 786.724.1478Home > Privacy Policy Privacy Policy1) GeneralCollege of Business & Technology (“CBT College” or “we”) respect the privacy of every individual who visits our web sites or responds to our promotions. CBT College intends to act reasonably to protect your privacy, but obviously cannot guaranty security against “hackers” or other issues beyond our control. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on CBT College web sites, unless otherwise posted.2) Personally Identifiable InformationCBT College will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (that is your name, address, telephone number or email address) unless you provide it voluntarily. If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, do not submit it to us. If you do submit personally identifiable information we may use it as follows: we will use it to complete the contact or request; we may store and process it to better understand your needs, and how we can improve our products and services; and we may use it to contact you. We will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for use in marketing or solicitation products or services other than CBT College’s academic services, and we will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information, which will be used only to support your relationship with CBT College.3) (under age 17)All persons age 17 or under must ask for and receive their parents’ or guardian’s permission before sending any information about themselves to us or to anyone online or over the Internet. Parents or guardians of persons under age 17 must send us an email indicating their approval of the child’s participation in any of the services/resources that require collection of personal information on our web sites.4) Parents/GuardiansAny information collected by CBT College from children is used only for the sole purpose of delivering the requested service/materials. If you have a question, or would like to review or delete your child’s personally identifiable information, contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this statement.5) Non-personally identifiable information collected automaticallyIn some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Such information may be gathered by the Internet browser and type of operating system you are using, and via the domain name of the web site that linked you to our site. When you view one of our web sites, we may store information from time to time on your computer. These “cookies” allow us to tailor a web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers you can block, receive a warning or erase all “cookies” from your hard drive. Please refer to your browser instructions or Help screen to learn more about these functions.6) Third-party web sitesLinks to third-party web sites on CBT College sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the CBT College site. CBT College does not review all third-party sites, nor does it control or assume responsibility for the content or privacy policies of any of these sites. Thus, CBT College does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access a third-party site linked to a CBT College web site, you do so at your own risk.7) How can you correct your information?If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or would like to have your personally identifiable information modified or deleted from our records, please email us or call our corporate office.8) How to contact usIf you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, contact us at: College Of Business & Technology 8700 W Flagler St #420, Miami, FL 3317 Ph. (786) 693-8801Drug-Free Schools Annual DisclosureIt is the policy of CBT College (CBT) to comply with the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act Amendments of 1989 and the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988. Accordingly, the following information regarding the use of illegal drugs and alcohol is provided annually to each student and employee of CBT.STANDARDS OF CONDUCTThe unlawful use, manufacture, distribution, dispensation, or possession of alcohol, illegal drugs, or any controlled substance on school premises or while involved in school-related activities off campus is strictly prohibited and subject to the disciplinary sanctions noted below.DISCIPLINARY SANCTIONSStudents who violate the school’s prohibitions against drugs and alcohol are subject to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal from the school. For more information on the Student Behavior/Code of Conduct and the disciplinary process, students should consult CBT Policy and EDU2013-008 and the school catalog.LOSS OF TITLE IV ELIGIBILITYA student is ineligible to receive Title IV, HEA program funds if the student has been convicted of an offense involving the possession or sale of illegal drugs for the period described in the chart below:NUMBER OF OFFENSESPOSSESSION OF ILLEGAL DRUGSSALE OF ILLEGAL DRUGS1st Offense1 year from the date of conviction2 years from the date of conviction2nd Offense2 years from the date of convictionIndefinite period3rd OffenseIndefinite periodLEGAL SANCTIONS:STATE DRUG LAWS:State law considers the illegal use of drugs and alcohol serious crimes. The sanctions for first-time violations of these laws range from fines to lengthy terms of incarceration, or both. Additionally, local ordinances and municipal codes impose a variety of penalties for the illegal use of drugs and alcohol. The links to state laws contained in Appendix B are provided for informational purposes only. If you need legal advice, you should contact your personal attorney.There may also be civil consequences that result from the violation of state drug and alcohol statutes. Property associated with the criminal acts, including homes and vehicles, can be confiscated by the government. Persons convicted of felonies may be barred from government employment, and lose the right to vote.FEDERAL DRUG LAWS:Federal law considers the manufacture, distribution, dispensation, possession or use of illegal drugs, or any controlled substance, a serious crime. Appendix B provides a summary of the criminal sanctions for violations of federal drug statutes. For the most up-to-date Federal Trafficking Penalties information, visit the web-site of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration at http://www.dea.gov/agency/penalties.htmHEALTH RISKS:Drug use causes physical and emotional dependence, interferes with memory, sensation and perception, and in some cases, may cause permanent brain damage or sudden death. The following is a summary of the various health risks associated with alcohol abuse and use of specific types of drugs, and is not intended to be an exhaustive or a final statement of all possible health consequences of substance abuse.Alcohol:Alcohol consumption has acute effects on the body and causes a number of marked changes in behavior. Even low doses may significantly impair judgment and coordination. Alcohol is an especially dangerous drug for pregnant women.Marijuana:Marijuana contains THC, a chemical that alters the sensory activities of the brain, including long-term memory capabilities, comprehension, altered sense of time, decreased motivation, and reduced ability to perform tasks requiring concentration and coordination. Marijuana smoke contains more cancer-causing agents than tobacco.Cocaine/Crack:Cocaine and crack are highly addictive and may lead to heart attacks, strokes, and long-term brain damage. Other physical effects include dilated pupils, increased pulse rate, elevated blood pressure, insomnia, loss of appetite, tactile hallucinations, paranoia, and seizures. Continued use can produce violent behavior and psychosis.Methamphetamine/amphetamines:Methamphetamine is a central nervous system stimulant of the amphetamine family. Like cocaine and crack, methamphetamines are highly addictive “uppers” that produce extreme alertness and elation, along with a variety of severe adverse reactions. Methamphetamine is generally cheaper than cocaine and because the body metabolizes it slower, the effects may last as much as 10 times longer. Methamphetamine users can experience sustained, severe mood and thought disturbances, serious physical effects, including sudden death.Narcotics:Narcotics such as heroin, methadone, oxycodone, codeine, morphine, and opium initially produce a feeling of euphoria that often is followed by drowsiness, nausea, and vomiting. An overdose may produce shallow breathing, clammy skin, convulsions, coma, and death. Tolerance to narcotics develops rapidly and dependence is likely. The use of contaminated syringes may result in diseases such as AIDS, endocarditis, and hepatitis.Ecstasy:“Designer drugs” such as Ecstasy are related to amphetamines in that they have mild stimulant properties but are mostly euphoriants. They can cause nausea, blurred vision, chills or sweating, and faintness. Psychological effects include anxiety, depression, and paranoia. As little as one dose can cause severe neurochemical brain damage. Narcotic designer drugs can cause symptoms such as uncontrollable tremors, drooling, impaired speech, paralysis, and irreversible brain damage.gHb/rohypnol:Often known as “date rape” drugs, GHB and Rohypnol initially produce a feeling of intoxication similar to alcohol (the user feels relaxed, sociable, affectionate and playful, and disinhibited) followed by a feeling of drowsiness. Higher doses can lead to a sleep from which the user cannot be woken. The effects can last from four to 24 hours. Both GHB and Rohypnol present a serious overdose threat. Since they are depressants, both drugs can be fatal when mixed with alcohol. Symptoms of overdose can include intense drowsiness, unconsciousness or coma, muscle spasms, disorientation, vomiting, and slowed or stopped breathing (fatalities usually occur from respiratory failure).Inhalants:Inhalants are readily available and inexpensive. More than 1,000 common household products can be used to get high. Examples of organic solvents (carbon compounds) include gasoline, lighter fluid and butane lighter fuel, spray paint; paint thinner, rubber-cement, hair spray, nail polish, and many cleaning fluids. Nitrite compounds (amyl nitrite, butyl nitrite) act mainly as vasodilators. Nitrous oxide (laughing gas) is packaged in small metal cartridges (called whippets), which are often used to make whipped cream.Inhalants irritate breathing passages, provoking severe coughing, painful inflammation, and nosebleeds. Inhalants may not produce a pleasant high and result in mental confusion, hallucinations, and paranoia. They may also result in respiratory depression leading to unconsciousness, coma, permanent brain damage, or death. The danger is extremely great if inhalants are used in conjunction with other nervous system depressants, such as alcohol or barbiturates. Even first-time users run the risk of sudden sniffing death (SSD). The risk of SSD is higher if the abuser engages in strenuous physical activity or is suddenly startled.Steroids:Steroids are manufactured testosterone-like drugs used to increase muscle mass, strength, and endurance. The liver and the cardiovascular and reproductive systems are most seriously affected by steroid use. Psychological effects include very aggressive behavior (“roid rage”), severe mood swings, manic episodes, and depression.DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAMSStudents requiring or requesting information about drug abuse treatment should contact the Camps Director or the designated campus official for contact information of local agencies and programs. Employees requiring information about drug abuse treatment should contact the Employee Assistance Program, (operated by ADP through LifeCare) using the toll free helpline at 1-800-697-7315 (or TDD/TTY 800-873-1322) or by accessing the CBT’s employer’s web portal or accessing LifeCare directly at http://member.lifecare.comloyees.Senate Bill 524 (Sexually Violent Predators) Effective July 1, 2014This legislation requires each licensed institution to inform students and employees at orientation and on its website of the existence of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) sexual predator and sexual offender registry website and toll free telephone number.FDLE website –http://offender.fdle.state.fl.us/offender/homepage.do FDLE toll-free number – 1-888-357-7332 for TTY Accessibility – 1-877-414-7234 Additional helpful information and resources may be found by contacting the following organizations: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration 1-800-662-HELP (1-800-662-4357) http://www.samhsa.gov National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence 1-800-NCA-CALL (1-800-622-2255) http://www.ncadd.orgCAMPUS CRIME AWARENESSCBT is required to report to students the occurrence of various criminal offenses on an annual basis. On or before October 1st of each year, the school will distribute a security report to students containing the required statistical information on campus crimes committed during the previous three years. A copy of this report is available to prospective students upon request In addition; the report is posted where students may read it. Further students may access the current report by going to the following CBT website.Cutler Bay Campus Crime AwarenessFlagler Campus Crime AwarenessHialeah Campus Crime AwarenessAdmissions InfoAdmission OverviewGeneral AdmissionsInternational StudentsInformation For ParentsHigh School StudentsMilitaryAdmissions Info Admission OverviewGeneral AdmissionsInternational StudentsInformation For ParentsHigh School StudentsMilitary Ready to Take Charge of Your Future? To learn more about the offerings of CBT's School of Technology programs, contact us today.Call Us 786.724.1478Get Started Apply NowRequest Info Request now