http://www.polynesia.com/privacy-policy
BOOK NOW
SAVE 15%
THINGS TO DO
Luau & Dining Options
Ha: Breath of Life Show
Circle Island Tour
Hukilau Marketplace
Polynesian Football Hall of Fame
Shop Polynesia Online
PLAN YOUR VISIT
Ticket Options
Hours of Operations
Park Map
Transportation Information
Driving Directions
Frequently Asked Questions
Download Our App
LUAU PACKAGES
Exclusive Alii Luau & HA Show
Super Ambassador Luau Package
Ambassador Luau Package
Ali'i Luau Package
Admission & Show Package
All Packages
CONTACT US
Home Page |
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Polynesian Cultural Center (PCC) is committed to ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information. In this Privacy Policy we provide you with information about how we collect, process, use, and share your personal information.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect two basic types of information electronically through our “websites” (polynesia.com, shop.polynesia.com, hukilaumarketplace.com, worldfireknife.com and our affiliated websites), e-mail, and other applications and platforms: (a) personal information that you actively submit to us; and (b) anonymous information that we record. We may also combine personal information that you actively submit to us and anonymous information, where possible, to create a third type of information: (c) aggregate information. All three types of information we collect are referred to herein as “personal information.”
We may process personal information with or without automatic means, including collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
Actively submitted personal information.
You may submit personal information to us when you purchase a product or service; sign up for one of our newsletters; create an account on one of our websites or applications; respond to a survey; participate in a contest; use our message, chat, post, or other similar functionalities on our websites or applications; or link your profile from third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.  When you interact with us we generally process your name, birth date, email address, telephone number, physical address, gender, payment information, purchase/return/exchange history, etc.
Anonymous information that we record.
Where we are permitted by law to process this information, your location-based information may be collected when you visit our sites or use our applications, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications, or associated with your IP address.  When you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms, or open emails we send to you, we also may collect usage, viewing, and technical data, including your device identifier, IP address, browser type, operating system, language preference, any referring webpage you were visiting before you came to our site, pages visited, the date and time of each visitor request, information you search for on our websites, and other information collected by cookies or other similar technologies.
PURPOSES FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We process your personal information for any purpose consistent with our statements in this Privacy Policy, including the following purposes:
Fulfilling, processing, and managing purchases, orders, payments, and returns/exchanges;
Responding to requests for information about our products and services;
Administering and operating our websites and applications;
Sending marketing communications and other information regarding products, services, and promotions;
Providing our electronic newsletter;
Administering contests, surveys, and promotions;
Improving the effectiveness of our websites, applications, products, services, and marking efforts;
Conducting research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys;
Preventing fraudulent transactions and monitoring against theft;
Complying with applicable laws, including assisting law enforcement and responding to legal/regulatory inquiries;
Internal purposes, including auditing, data analysis, system troubleshooting, and research;
Other businesses activities as needed, or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
The legal bases for us processing your personal information are either the necessity of performing contractual and other obligations that we have towards you, informed consent, or carrying out the legitimate activities of the PCC. Refusing to provide your consent to the processing of your personal information may result in us being unable to provide you with a requested product or service or may limit your ability to fully use our websites and applications.
STORAGE AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
We may store your personal information in data centers or servers in the United States or cloud storage solutions. We may transfer personal information to other jurisdictions. If we do we ensure the adequacy of protection of the data.
SECURITY
PCC maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your personal information, and follows industry standards and best practices to prevent unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alteration. We regularly review our security procedures and consider appropriate new security technology and methods. Information submitted through the PCC websites and applications, including sensitive information such as payment information, is protected with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. However, no security solution is every failproof. Because we cannot guarantee the complete security of this encryption technology please use caution when submitting personal information online.
PCC recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information of children and accordingly does not knowingly solicit information from children under the age of 13.
RETENTION
PCC retains collected personal information for a reasonable period of time to fulfill the processing purposes mentioned above, except that we do not retain any payment or financial information (such information is encrypted and processed by a third party provider, [NAME]). We also may archive your personal information for time periods required or necessitated by law or legal requirements. When archiving is no longer required, we delete personal information from our records.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
PCC will not share your personal information with third parties except in the following limited circumstances:
When you provide us with explicit consent to share your personal information with a third party, such as:
Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services; or
Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
To companies that provide support services to us (such as e-mail providers, mobile marketing services, analytics providers, web hosting providers, sweepstakes vendors, payment processors) or that help us market our product and services. These companies may need information about you to perform their functions.
In connection with your purchase of a product or service, when sharing your information with a third party is required to complete a transaction which you have initiated (e.g., to authorize charges to your account through your financial institution or a reputable agency or credit bureau).
To ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We endeavor to maintain the accuracy of personal information and rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete and accurate. You may request access to your personal information and verify, correct, rectify, update, or block it through your polynesia.com or shop.polynesia.com account or by contacting webmaster@polynesia.com.
You may also contact us to exercise additional statutory rights, such as data portability, objection in accordance with applicable laws, restriction of processing, withdrawing consent for processing, and erasure of your personal information. You also may have the right to lodge a complaint with a local supervisory authority.
EXTERNAL LINK DISCLAIMER STATEMENT
For your convenience, our websites may contain links to websites operated by others. Such third-party websites are not maintained or controlled by us, and we are not responsible for their content. For more information see our Terms of Use.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND AMENDMENTS
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 25, 2018 and may be amended from time to time.
CONTACT US
Inquiries concerning this Privacy Policy or the security of personal information that we process may be sent to the Data Protection Officer, Susan Kunz, webmaster@polynesia.com, 55-370 Kamehameha Highway, Laie, Hawaii 96762.
Get important updates and special offers
×
QUICK LINKS
Shop Polynesia
Everything Luau Guide
Alumni & Reunions
Visit Laie
Zipline Adventures
Frequently Asked Questions
Pounders Restaurant
ABOUT US
Polynesian Cultures
Explore The PCC
History
Press Room
Employment
Educational Resources
Sitemap
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
All Frequently Asked Questions
Know Before You Go
Hours of Operation
Cancellation Policy
Park Rules
Wheelchair/Scooter Service
Dress Code
Mon-Sat, 12-9 pmClosed Sundays and Wednesdays
55-370 Kamehameha
Hwy Laie, Hawaii 96762
1-800-367-7060
Follow On:
Facebook
Twitter
Blog
Instagram
Download App
Polynesian Cultural Center, All Rights Reserved,
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Secure Certificate
Privacy Policy - Polynesian Cultural Center