http://www.csae.ox.ac.uk/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=61:privacy-policy&catid=13
Menu
HomePeopleResearchDataWorking PapersJournalConferenceEventsAll EventsPast ConferencesCoders' Corner
Home
/ Vacancies
/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the Centre for the Study of African Economies's website, and how this information will be used. Please note that this policy applies to the Department's main web pages (i.e. those in www.csae.ox.ac.uk)
If you follow a link to any other website, please check their policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
Information collected
On some parts of the websites, you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services (e.g. prospectus ordering, registering with a society, applying for a vacancy etc). The Department may store this information manually or electronically. By supplying this information you are consenting to the Department holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfill that purpose.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our webmasters. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to the Department by you will only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission. Personal information collected and/or processed by the Department is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the Department's website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers. However, we do work with third party contractors, some of whom host and operate certain features of the website. Accordingly, information that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). That information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors. By submitting personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Department, University, its members or others.
How we use "cookies"
Most of our web pages use "cookies". A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our websites.
For more detailed information on the cookies we use on the Department's main web pages (i.e. those in www.csae.ox.ac.uk), Centre web pages and the purposes for which we use them, please see our Cookie Statement. Please refer to individual web pages for further information about the use of cookies on other web pages on the ox.ac.uk domain.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. For further information about this right and how to exercise it, please see the University’s Policy on Data Protection.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about privacy on these websites should be sent by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or addressed to the Manor Road Web Team, University of Oxford, Manor Road Building, Manor Road, Oxford, OX1 3UQ.
Centre for the Study of African Economies
About
Visiting Fellowship
Vacancies
Coders' Corner
Contact Us
General Enquiries: +44 (0)1865 271084Email: csae.enquiries@economics.ox.ac.uk
Centre for the Study of African Economies Manor Road Building Manor Road Oxford OX1 3UQ United Kingdom
© Copyright 2020 CSAE -- Privacy Policy -- Cookie Statement -- Accessibility statement