https://www.shawnee.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
Shawnee State University is committed to protecting the privacy of website visitors. This privacy statement explains the information we collect when a person visits the Shawnee State University website and how we use this information. Shawnee State does not sell or rent website visitor information and does not share website visitor information except as compelled by law.
Information Collected On Our Website
Shawnee State collects two types of information on our website:
Information that is automatically collected as you navigate the site.
Information you knowingly and voluntarily supply to us.
Information Automatically Collected:
While using our website, Shawnee State may collect and store information that helps us to improve the functionality of our website, deliver more relevant content to our users, promote further communication, gain insights into user behavior and preferences, and monitor our website's performance. This information includes computer IP addresses and domain names, types of browsers, operating systems, and computers used by visitors, names of websites that referred visitors to shawnee.edu, date and time stamps, countries, states, and cities from where visitors accessed our site, files downloaded, pages visited, links followed, and errors encountered. Our website uses "cookies" to collect information and improve service. Users have the option to disable cookies in their browser.
Personal Information You Provide:
Shawnee State will only collect personal information such as your name, street address, email address and telephone number that you knowingly and voluntarily provide to us through one of our online forms or applications. We collect this data in order to provide a specific service to you, provide you with information on an area of interest, or complete an administrative function, such as admission application.
I Am a...
Select Audience
Parents
Parents
Academic Calendar
Employee Directory
View All Resources
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
My SSU Login
Request
Info
Schedule a
Visit
Apply
COVID-19 Guidance X
Close
See how SSU is keeping campus safe.