http://www.longwood.edu/privacy/
Lancer Dashboard
Today is Friday, December 11, 2020
Services
myLongwoodLive MailCanvasDegreeWorks AdvisingTk20 WatermarkLancer Web Card CenterStudent Housing Gateway (RMS)Lancer Link (Clubs & Orgs)
Change My Password
Dining
Dining Locations, Hours & MenusChange Meal Plan
Dining Services Website
Information
Help DeskLancerCard Financial AidCareer ServicesGreenwood LibraryRecreation / Fitness CenterCenter for Academic SuccessDistance/Online SupportBookstore
Academic Departments & Programs
All Offices & Services
Resources
Course SearchStudent HandbookFarmville Area Bus (FAB)Academic CalendarGPA CalculatorsExam ScheduleHow Do I... ?Suggestions/Complaints
More Academic Resources
There are active notices and/or alerts. Visit the Alerts site for details >>
HomeInternet Privacy Statement
Internet Privacy Statement
Commitment to Privacy
Thank you for visiting one of Longwood University's websites. We are committed to providing the latest online services to both our visitors and members of the Longwood community. We are also committed to privacy issues, and we would like to take this opportunity to tell you about what information we collect, how we use this information, and your rights concerning this information. By using our websites, you consent to the collection and use of information by the Longwood University websites as specified below. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies concerning information collection.
Automatically Collected Information
Nearly all of our websites may be visited without revealing any personal information about yourself. However, there are several pieces of information that we automatically collect each time you access our websites including your device identifier, web browser, IP address, and browsing information via “cookies” and “web beacons.” We also collect information about how you use the websites, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the websites. The information automatically collected may be associated with any personal information you have voluntarily provided.
Use of Cookies & Other Technologies
Longwood University collects information automatically through various means such as local server access logs, as well as cookies and web beacons.
Cookies
Longwood University’s websites make use of cookies, which are small text files placed on your device to keep track of information about your browsing on a website. The utilization of cookies allows Longwood University to enhance your experience in a variety of ways such as saving your preferences and improving usability based on statistical data. Cookies also allow the personalization of any online services that Longwood University or its third parties may provide to you. The University uses third parties to display advertising on our website or manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may place their own cookies on their websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests, and to determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. The third party partners (and their privacy policy) we share our cookies with for advertising include Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/policy.php), Twitter (https://twitter.com/en/privacy), and Google (https://policies.google.com/?hl=en). The specific Google advertising features we may utilize include Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, and other integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and identifiers. You can easily opt-out of these specific Google Analytics features with their browser add-on.
Your decision to set your web browser to accept or disable cookies is a personal choice and can be changed within your browser’s preference settings. However, without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of features and functionality of Longwood University websites.
If you would like more information on how to opt out of cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or Your Ad Choices.
Web Beacons
Longwood University’s websites also make use of web beacons to collect data. These technologies, which are often small, transparent images, when loaded collect information about the requestor. This could include your IP address, and the date and time a website was accessed. Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies so if cookies are disabled, we are unable to collect unique information about you.
Information You Provide
Longwood University collects information which you provide while interacting with our websites, including, for example, when you request information, create an account, log in, register for courses, complete a web form, add or update your account information, or otherwise interact or communicate with the university via our websites. If you choose not to provide personal information through our website, you may be unable to utilize some of the features we offer to our online visitors. When possible, we will attempt to provide you with an alternative method for the same service.
Third Party Websites
Longwood University websites contain a variety of links to other websites as a convenience to you. Longwood University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites and does not make any representations or endorsements about them. We recommend you review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and information gathering practices, of these third party sites.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with the policies of the university and with the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Contact
If you have any questions concerning this privacy statement or our websites, please email webteam@longwood.edu. If you wish to review or change information gathered about you via an official Longwood website but you do not know how, the University web team will assist in locating the persons responsible for that site so that you may make your request for that review or change directly to them.
Last Updated: October 28, 2020