http://www.appraisers.org/About/social-media-policy
Consumers  |  News  |  Advocacy  |  About  |  Contact Us
Need Help? Call 800-ASA-VALU
Education
Educational Foundation
My ASA Courses
Events
Calendar of Events
2020 ASA International Conference
Past Event Recordings
National ASA Courses
National Course Policies
eLearning
National Class Schedule
Virtual Class FAQs
Local Chapter Courses
Resources
University Partner Program
Intangible Asset (IA) Program
Going Concern Program
Aircraft Valuation Program
CEIV Program
ARM Certificate of Completion
Podcasts
Credentials
AM & ASA
Accreditation Guides & Forms
Professional Education Equivalency
CEIV™ Certification
Apply Now!
Education Requirements
Experience Requirements
Mandatory Performance Framework
Recertification Requirements
Quality Monitoring Program
Frequently Asked Questions
Master Gemologist Appraiser
Membership
Why Choose ASA
Join ASA
Requirements
Ally Program
Affiliate Membership
Student Affiliate Program
Rising Stars Program
2020 Rising Stars Award
ASA Member Benefits
Advancements & Certifications
ASA Member Resources
Member Memorials
Marketplace
Find an Appraiser
Job Bank
History of ASA
Advocacy
ASA PAC
PAC Contribution Center
ASA Leadership
ASA Board and Committees
Regions and Chapters
College of Fellows
Educational Foundation
Creating a Legacy
NAIFA Education & Research Trust
Standards, Ethics & Conduct
Strategic Partners
Contact ASA
Home/ About/ Social Media Policy
Social Media Posting Guidelines Thank you for following the American Society of Appraisers (“ASA”) through our social media platforms. While visiting our LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, or Flickr sites, as well as ASA's forums, please keep the following guidelines in mind:
ASA Social Media Posting Guidelines: The creation of ASA-labeled social media channels on third party social media websites, and any postings and comments therein, shall not contain or link to language or illustrations that:
Are libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, offensive, demeaning, derogatory, abusive, ad hominem, or off-topic; Contain content that is confidential or proprietary to ASA, its contributors, or affiliates; Violate the Sherman Act or any other anti-trust laws; Violate ASA’s Antitrust Guidelines; Are solely for commercial purposes; Endorse any candidate or office holder or partisan political position; Include spam or chain letters; Violate third party’s right to privacy or any other applicable local, state, national, or international law; or Degrade others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual preference, disability or other classification.
In addition, participants should keep the following in mind:
Don’t attack others. The discussions on the ASA social media platforms are meant to stimulate conversation not to create contention. Let others have their say, just as you may.
Don't post commercial messages. Contact people directly with product and service information if you believe it would help them.
Use caution when discussing products. Information posted on any platform is available for all to see, and comments are subject to libel, slander, and antitrust laws.
Do not post anything that you would not want the world to see or that you would not want anyone to know came from you.
Please note carefully all items listed in the disclaimer and legal rules below, particularly regarding the copyright ownership of information posted to the ASA community.
Remember that ASA and other participants have the right to reproduce postings. Send your message only to the most appropriate platforms. Do not spam several tools with the same message.
Keep in mind that information posted on these social media channels is available for all to see, and comments are subject to defamation, antitrust, and other laws. In addition, you agree that ASA and other participants may reproduce your postings. Authors who create, post and/or comment on ASA-labeled social media channels shall:
Represent that they have the legal right to reproduce, adapt, display and distribute the material and that it does not infringe the copyright, trademark, patent trade secret or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any other person or entity. Include their name in the creation of social media channels and with each post or comment; anonymous activity is not permitted. Certify that they are of legal age (18 or older).
The Legal Stuff The opinions of ASA social media channel creators, moderators, posters and commentators are their own, and not necessarily that of ASA or its affiliates.
By posting material to ASA-labeled social media, you grant to ASA and the members of this community the nonexclusive, world-wide, transferable right and license to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use such information or other material in any way and in any medium, including but not limited to print or electronic form. ASA is not responsible for the content of third party social media websites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on them. Before posting on ASA-labeled social media channels, please review and abide by the terms of use and privacy policy of the specific social media website.  ASA will not be held liable for any injury resulting from such statements.  Violators of these guidelines will be removed as followers without notification. In the event that any inappropriate posting is brought to ASA’s attention, ASA will take all appropriate action. In addition, ASA reserves the right to block any users who do not abide by these guidelines. With these rules and guidelines in mind, happy posting!
American Society of Appraisers 11107 Sunset Hills Rd
Ste 310
Reston, VA 20190
(800) ASA-VALU
800-272-8258
asainfo@appraisers.org
Education
National Class Schedule National Course Policies eLearning Local Chapter Courses Healthcare Valuation
Membership
Join Member Benefits Credentials Reaccreditation
Disciplines
Appraisal Review & Management Business Valuation Gems & Jewelry Machinery & Technical Specialties Personal Property Real Property
About
Regions and Chapters
Upcoming Events
2021 Energy Valuation Conference
12th International Valuation Conference - Riyadh
View All
Privacy Policy | Contact Us  Terms of Use | Sitemap Social Media Policy
Copyright © 2020 American Society of Appraisers. All Rights Reserved.