http://www.binghamton.edu/privacy/
Skip to main content
Search
Website ResourcesWebsite ResourcesAbout Binghamton.eduAccessibilityWeb PolicyHow-TosPage ElementsOmniUpdate
World Wide Web Policy
Introduction and Purpose
Binghamton University's World Wide Web presence promotes the University, its activities
and opportunities by providing timely and effective interactive communication and
services to diverse audiences with the goal of building and advancing broad-based
support for the University's strategic plan.
The decentralized nature of the World Wide Web and the diverse purposes and constituencies
served by University websites require that as much freedom as possible be granted
to those creating and maintaining websites. However, content of all webpages under
University jurisdiction (i.e., provided or transmitted by University servers, by other
servers funded by University budgets, and transmitted via University network infrastructure)
must comply with local, state and federal laws and with Binghamton's policies, rules
and regulations. Further, the reputation and image of Binghamton University is determined,
in part, not only by the quality of information published electronically by its students,
faculty, staff and affiliates, but also by the degree to which our constituents have
excellent interactions with the University via its web presence.
Therefore, the purpose of Binghamton's World Wide Web Policy is to ensure accuracy,
consistency, integrity, quality of interactive experience, and protection of the identity
and image of the University by providing a set of minimum standards and guidelines
for the websites of Binghamton's departments, schools, facilities, organizations and
affiliates.
General oversight of the University's websites and webpages, and policies governing
the use of these resources, is the responsibility of the Office of University Communications and Marketing through its web director.
Related Policy and Guideline Sources
Binghamton University Policies
Computer and Network Policy
Student Handbook
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Faculty/Staff Handbook
External Policies and Guidelines
United States Copyright Office
World Wide Web Consortium's Web Accessibility Initiative
Federal Standards for Electronic and Information Technology
Section 508 of the Workforce Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794d)
New York State Accessibility of Web-Based Information and Applications
Personal Webpages
Personal webpages are individual webpages sponsored and maintained solely by students
or by University faculty or staff. These webpages are not directly connected with
the University's mission, and Binghamton University is not responsible for personal
pages. The University reserves the right, however, to remove from any Binghamton web
server any page or link in violation of the law or University policies. The following
disclaimer must appear on all personal webpages:
The views and opinions expressed in these pages are strictly those of [the page author].
The content of these pages has not been reviewed or approved by Binghamton University.
Instructional Webpages
Web resources are available for faculty, staff and students for legitimate University
business and scholarly activity. For information on computing resources for webpages,
see the Information Technology Services website for information concerning instructional and personal webpages. These pages are governed
by related policies and guidelines.
Official Webpages
Official webpages include both academic and administrative pages; these pages are
produced and edited using the University's content management system (CMS). Special
cases or needs should be brought to the attention of the University web director.
Department chairs and unit administrators are responsible for the content of departmental
pages. Departmental pages should not attempt to duplicate official information, functions
or services (such as Bulletin information, descriptions of the University, directions,
maps, etc.) and should link to the correct pages for official information.
The page administrator of official pages must be a departmental employee who has received
training in the use of the CMS. While students may edit department pages, they cannot
serve as administrators of official pages. Pages should be reviewed regularly for
accuracy.
All official pages should follow the University's editorial style guide to maintain consistency in the use of punctuation, capitalization, titles and more.
Questions should be addressed to the Office of Communications and Marketing.
Communications and Marketing staff may edit webpages displaying information that is
inaccurate, out-of-date or otherwise noncompliant with these guidelines or state or
federal requirements. This editing may be done without prior notice to page administrators.
Accessibility
Binghamton University strives to make its pages compliant with New York State Accessibility
Guidelines and federal laws such as the Americans with Disabilities Act. Several sites
offer guidelines and insights regarding page flexibility and layout considerations
to ensure accessibility. The following sites offer helpful information:
World Wide Web Consortium's Web Accessibility Initiative
Federal Standards for Electronic and Information Technology
Section 508 of the Workforce Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794d)
New York State Accessibility of Web-Based Information and Applications
Advertising
Binghamton University webpages may not contain advertising for, or link to, commercial
sites without advance written approval by the Web director. Approval will be considered
only if:
the purpose of the advertising or link is consistent with the University mission,
the advertising or link is essential to the purpose of the site, and
the advertising or link does not imply University endorsement of the product or service.
Fundraising
Non-University-related fundraising may not be conducted on any webpage operated and
administered by the University or hosted on the University's network. This includes
University-mission-related and personal pages. For information on fundraising, contact
the Binghamton University Foundation.
Copyright
Binghamton University retains the copyright on all video, animation, text, photos
and graphical images used on its official website and on its third-party sites (e.g.,
Facebook), whether contributed by end-users or the University, unless otherwise noted.
These are considered assets of the University and may not be used by others for any
purpose without the prior express written permission of Binghamton.
The name Binghamton University and its trademarks, symbols and logos are trademarked and owned by the University
and should not be used without the prior express written permission of Binghamton
University.
Note that Binghamton University has no control over personal pages or off-campus websites
and internet resources linked to our servers, and Binghamton is not responsible for
their accuracy or content.
Provision of Binghamton University's web services is a joint project of the University's
Communications and Marketing Office and the Office of Information Technology Services.
A copyright statement looks like this: "©[current year] Binghamton University"
Web Servers
Any department or individual with a computer connected to the campus network is able
to install web server software independent of University central server resources.
However, any need to duplicate University-provided and supported WWW infrastructure
should be supported with specific justification and in consultation with the web director
and ITS staff.
Web servers not maintained by ITS may request a virtual hostname (your_server.binghamton.edu).
However, the University provides host name services at its sole discretion. All web
service providers are responsible for the currency, legitimacy, legality and appearance
of their pages.
Web service providers must adhere to Binghamton's web policies and are responsible
not only for the content and appearance of their pages, but also for those linked
personal pages that branch from their pages. Web service providers should be able
to guarantee a stable, responsive system that is always available and be sure that
the server has it own domain name service (DNS).
Privacy
When you use the Binghamton University website the University uses common web technologies
to automatically gather and store the following non-personally identifiable information
about your visit, including:
User client hostname. The hostname or Internet Protocol address of the  user requesting
access to the University at Binghamton website.
HTTP header, "user agent." The  user agent information includes the type of browser,
its version, and the operating system on which that the browser is running.
HTTP header, "referrer." The referrer specifies the web page from which the  user
accessed the current web page.
System date. The date and time of the  user’s  request.
Full request. The exact request the  user made.
Status. The status code the server returned to the  user.
Content length. The content length, in bytes, of any document sent to the  user.
Method. The request method used.
Universal Resource Identifier (URI). The location of a resource on the server. Query
string of the URI. Anything after the question mark in a URI.
Protocol. The transport protocol and the version used.
The  user identifier from the computer accessing this website if that computer voluntarily
responds to a UNIX IDENT query issued on UDP port 113.
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information.
The information that is collected automatically is used to improve this website's
content and to help Binghamton University understand how users are interacting with
the website. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to determine
what information is of most and least interest to our users, and to improve the utility
of the material available on the website.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing
among users of this website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet
websites. To better serve you, we occasionally use "session cookies" to enhance or
customize your visit to this website. Session cookies that can be created automatically
on the device you use to access this website, do not contain personal information,
and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may use the cookie feature to store
a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this website.
A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is
closed.
Occasionally a "persistent cookie" may be stored on your computer's hard drive. This
persistent cookie will allow the website to recognize you when you visit again and
tailor the information presented to you based on your needs and interests.
The software and hardware you use to access this website allows you to refuse new
cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit your
ability to take advantage of some features of this website.
In special cases pixel tags may be used to help customize content to your interests
based upon your browsing history. Personally identifiable information is not involved
in pixel tag use.
For information on how to opt out of mobile browser tracking, visit the Network Advertising
Initiative http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice. For information about opting out, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance http://optout.aboutads.info/#/.
Approved by Greg Delviscio, AVP University Office of Communications & Marketing, 05/03/2017.
Website ResourcesAbout Binghamton.eduAccessibilityWeb PolicyHow-TosPage ElementsOmniUpdate
share facebookshare twittershare pinterestshare linkedinshare email
Return to Top
Last Updated: 2/10/20