http://www.digitalhimalaya.com/privacy.php
Skip to content
Search
Contact us About us
Home Privacy policy
OverviewCollectionsTechnologiesProject TeamPublicationsSupportNewsLinksSearchRegisterContact UsHome
Privacy policy
General
This policy explains what information we gather when you visit the Digital Himalaya Project website, and explains how that information is used.
It is important for you to appreciate that this website provides extensive links to other independent sites, both within the University and elsewhere. This policy applies only to direct accesses to this website - URLs starting http://www.digitalhimalaya.com. You will need to consult the appropriate information on other sites for information on their policies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this page. It was last updated on 29 October, 2009.
Data collected
In common with most websites, this site automatically logs certain information about every request made of it (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely.
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the University. Data may also on occasion be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
[You should appreciate that a log is a record of what a server sees, not necessarily what was initially sent. If a request is sent via a proxy the log file will show the proxy's address. If someone has forged your address the log file will show your address]
This site currently uses anonymous cookies collected by Google Analytics. The Google privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Logged data
The following data is automatically logged for each request:
The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser
Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes.
Access to personal data
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the 'Data Controller' for the processing of data collected by this site is the University of Cambridge, and the point of contact for subject access requests is the University Data Protection Officer (10 Peas Hill, Cambridge CB2 3PN, tel. 01223 339888, fax 01223 331200 E-mail: data.protection@admin.cam.ac.uk).
The University is also Data Controller in respect of any personal data served as content by this site.
Last update: 23 March, 2020.
All material on this site is available for non-commercial use under Creative Commons licence.
privacy policy
terms