https://www.cmcc.edu/student-right-to-know/privacy/
skip to main content
Student Right to Know
Student Right to KnowSafety and Security
Privacy Policy
CARES Act Funding Reports
Home > Student Right to Know
Privacy Policy
Family Rights and Privacy Act
The College complies totally with the Family Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (also known as FERPA or the Buckley Amendment). No one outside the institution shall have access to, nor will the institution disclose, any information from students’ educational records without the written consent of students except to:
Personnel within the institution
Officials of other institutions in which students seek to enroll
Persons or organizations providing student financial aid
Accrediting agencies carrying out their accreditation function
Persons in an emergency in order to protect the health or safety of students or other persons
All the exceptions are permitted under the Act. At its discretion, the institution may provide directory information in accordance with the provisions of the Act. Such information may include: name, address, date of birth, telephone number, dates of attendance, class, previous institution attended, field of study, awards, honors, degrees, as well as participation in officially recognized sports and activities. Currently enrolled students may withhold disclosure of any category of directory information under the Act. To withhold disclosure, written notification must be received in the Registrar’s Office.
Website Privacy Policy
Visiting CMCC’s Website
You can visit CMCC’s web site to view information without providing any personal information.  We do collect and store certain information in the course of you visiting our site; the name of your Internet Service Provider, the referring website (if applicable), the pages you visited and the date & time of those visits.
We do not collect or store personally identifiable information (for example, name, mailing address, e-mail address, etc…) unless you have made a request thru the website requesting additional information thru any of the forms available on our website.
Links to Non-CMCC Sites
This site contains content and other materials that link to web sites operated by third parties.  We have no control over those sites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them.  You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of those other sites.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are places where we request personally identifiable information to provide you with additional information about the College.  This information (name, mailing address, e-mail address, type of request, place where the request originated from, any comment you provided) is collected and stored in a manner which is appropriate to the type of data that was provided.  The information is not provided to any external party for that party’s independent use.
Privacy Notice
This section of the CMCC Privacy Notice provides details about interest-based online advertising (also called “targeted advertising”, “remarketing” or “behavioral advertising”), Google Analytics, social media, and your choices with respect to this type of advertising.
We use Google Analytics’ and other similar companies 3rd-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understand the behavior of our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on other websites because we contract with Google and other similar companies to target our ads based on information we or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means (such as cookies and web beacons). These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests. Visit the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ; edit or opt-out your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/; and visit Facebook Help learn how to adjust information tracking at https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217. Because those opt-out and preference control pages are specific to the individual browser used to visit it, and because that page is not operated by CMCC, we are unable to perform the opt-outs on your behalf.
Read More
Quick Links
Apply Now
Visit Us & Take a Tour!
Apply for Financial Aid
Programs of Study
Life at CMCC
Contact Admissions
Contact Planning, Research & Public Affairs
Roger Philippon
Dean of Planning & Public Affairs • Freedom of Information Officer
(207) 755-5357 or rphilippon@cmcc.edu
Heather Seymour
Director of Communications
(207) 755-5248 or hseymour@cmcc.edu
Brianna Doyle
Director of Institutional Research
(207) 755-5358 or bdoyle@cmcc.edu