http://www.hancockcollege.edu/about/privacy.php
Skip Main Navigation
Athletics
Bookstore
Calendar
Community Ed
Foundation
HR
Library
Directories
Canvas
Skip Navigation
Directory NavigationIn this Section
About AHC
Accreditation
Board of Trustees
Capt. G. Allan Hancock
Contact Information
Directories
Distinguished Alumni
History
Mission and Values
News and Announcements
Programs of Study and Majors
Public Transportation
Home
About the College
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Allan Hancock Joint Community College District Web Disclaimer / Privacy Policy
Although we attempt to keep information on the AHC Website current, the accuracy of
the information provided cannot be guaranteed. Some material hosted on the AHC Website
is created and maintained by other providers. The college is not responsible for its
content.
All parties submitting materials to the AHC Website represent and warrant that the
submission, installation copying, distribution, and use of such materials in connection
with the AHC Website will not violate any other party’s proprietary rights, including
copyright laws*. The user understands and agrees that AHC is not responsible for any
errors or damage to materials resulting from its installation or maintenance of AHC
Web servers, or their use by anyone accessing AHC Web servers. All use of the AHC
Website must be in accordance with existing college regulations for computer use.
All original material including, but not limited to, graphic artwork, photographs,
cartoons and text are copyrighted by Allan Hancock College; all rights are hereby
reserved worldwide.
Allan Hancock College Online Privacy Statement
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Allan Hancock College is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We collect information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
LINKS
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible
for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware
when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web
site that collects personally identifiable information.
SECURITY
Allan Hancock College’s intent is to protect our users' information. When users submit
sensitive information online, the information is treated with the same confidentiality
that customers receive when making phone inquiries. At Allan Hancock College, we also
do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users'
information is limited to employees in restricted access offices where the information
remains confidential. Only a limited number of employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (e.g. a Student Services representative) are granted access
to personally identifiable information. These employees must also use password-protected
log-in authentication to access personal accounts.
All major sections within the AHC Website must have a link to this disclaimer page
along with the electronic mail address of the person(s) primarily responsible for
maintaining that particular section.
*Copyright Reminder - Do not place any materials owned by others, i.e., copyrighted
works, on your web page(s) without the express permission of the copyright owner.
(Examples include cartoons, articles, photographs, songs, and software, graphics scanned
in from published works or other Web pages.) Assume materials you find on the Web
are copyrighted unless a disclaimer or waiver is expressly stated. You may include
quotations of a few words provided you identify the author and the work from which
the quotation is taken.
TITLE II, DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
(Only contact for allegations of alleged copyright infringement)
Michael Black,agent for notice, Title II,Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1-805-922-6966 ext 3221, Fax: 805-928-7905 mblack@hancockcollege.edu
Content copyright
Unauthorized use of AHC online content is strictly prohibited. Allan Hancock College, 800 South College Drive, 1-805-922-6966
Last Modified: Apr 6, 2020