http://www.britishgolfmuseum.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu
The Collections
Visit
Learn
What's On
Cafe
Coronavirus (Covid-19)
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The British Golf Museum Privacy Policy
We value your data and take your privacy seriously.
This policy explains how we collect and use your personal information when you interact with us via our Website (www.britishgolfmuseum.co.uk) and at our museum located at Bruce Embankment, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9AB (the Museum). We have tried to keep it simple, so please take the time to read this policy in full to understand our practices regarding your personal information. This policy was last updated in May 2018.
Who are we?
This policy applies to Golf Museum Services Limited (SC488042) and The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews Trust (SC102624), together “British Golf Museum”, “we”, “us” and “our”.
We will share your personal information with our group companies and our suppliers and service providers and those of our group companies for the purposes set out below only. This includes The R&A which comprises R&A Championships Limited (SC247047), R&A Group Services Limited (SC247048) and R&A Rules Limited (SC247046), R&A Trust Company (No. 1) Limited (SC247045), R&A Trust Company (No.2) Limited (SC247049) and The R&A Foundation (SC247050) (together “The R&A”).
If you would like to contact us about this policy, you can do so by:
emailing us at privacy@randa.org; or
writing to us at F.A.O. Data Privacy Manager, The R&A, Beach House, Golf Place, St Andrews, Fife, KY16 9JA.
Information we collect from you
When you visit the Museum, we may collect your name, contact details and any other personal information that you provide to us when you purchase a ticket to the Museum, redeem a 2 for 1 voucher, make a donation or a loan to the Museum or provide feedback to us in the Visitor Book, via surveys or otherwise. When you purchase an item from the Museum, including tickets, or from the Museum Café, we will also collect your payment details in order to complete the purchase.
At certain events hosted by the Museum, a photographer may be present to capture images of the day. Some of these images may include images of visitors to the Museum. Where possible, we will seek your permission to use your image on any of our promotional material or marketing campaigns. However, we have a legitimate interest to use those images for the purposes of promoting and marketing the Museum in accordance with both our charitable and commercial purposes and we will retain those images for as long as is necessary for those purposes.
Please note that CCTV is in operation at the Museum which will capture the images of those visitors to the Museum. This is to ensure the safety and security of the Museum, its visitors and its collections. We have a legitimate interest to protect the Museum premises and we will retain CCTV footage for a period of one month to allow us to assist the relevant authorities in the event of a suspected or actual security incident.
When you interact with us through the Website, we may collect your name and contact details that you provide to us when you make an enquiry, sign up to receive our newsletter or provide us with feedback in relation to the Website. We will also collect the information that you provide to us when you set up and update any user account that you hold with us via the Website. When you make a purchase through the Website, or over the telephone, we will collect personal information required to complete the purchase and fulfill any orders including contact details and payment information.
We use software that collects personal information that you provide in relation to inquiries, orders or transactions that you start on the Website but which you then abandon or do not complete, i.e. the information is captured regardless of whether you click “next” or “submit” on the relevant page.
We also collect certain information when you visit and use the Website. This may include your personal information. For example, we may collect and store your IP address, reference site domain name, and demographic information. We also may collect information including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and usage while on the Website. We will only collect such data in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified).
How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect from the above sources listed above will be used in the format that it is collected, or, where appropriate, will be combined with personal information we obtain from other internal or external sources. We use and analyse this personal information where necessary for the following purposes detailed below:
To grant you access to the Museum: we will use your contact details and payment details to provide you with a ticket to the Museum, including where you redeem a 2 for 1 voucher at the point of purchase. We will use your information in this way in order to perform the contract that is formed between you and us when you purchase a ticket to the Museum.
To respond to enquiries: we will use your name and contact details in order to follow up with any enquiry that you make via the Museum or via the Website, including a Heritage enquiry. We have a legitimate interest in using your personal information in this way to process enquiries.
To recognise the generosity of our donors and lenders: we will use your name, contact details and any other personal information that you provide to us when you make a donation or lend an item to the Museum in order to keep a record of donations and loans received by the Museum. We may also use your contact details to contact you about our activities and your donation or loan. We have a legitimate interest in using your personal information in this way for archiving purposes and historical interest. When you donate or lend an item to the Museum, we may display your name in a caption below the object to recognise your generosity to the Museum if you provide us with your consent to do so. If you donate an item, we will seek your consent to display your name in a caption when you complete a transfer title form.
To fulfil a transaction or an order that you otherwise place with us: we will use your name, contact details and payment details in order to fulfil your transaction or order, to process your payment and to process any refund due to you. We will use your information in this way in order to perform the contract of sale that is formed between you and us when you place an order.
To improve the visitor experience at the Museum and on our Website: when you provide us with feedback we will use this information, where possible, to improve the visitor experience at the Museum and on our Website and we may follow up with you on your feedback. We may wish to follow up with you in relation to any complaints that you submit so that we can ensure your complaint has been resolved. We process your personal information in this way as it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in providing a better experience for you and other visitors.
To suggest products or services which we feel may be of interest to you: we may use your name and contact details to suggest our products or services if you have agreed to be contacted for such purposes. We may use the personal information we collect as part of our customer relationship with you to inform you by email about exclusive offers and promotions we think may be of interest to you. When we collect your personal information, we will give you the option not to receive these emails. You can change your mind at any time by contacting us or by clicking “unsubscribe” in the emails we send you. This is necessary for our legitimate interests for promoting our products and services.
We collect information about you when you start an enquiry, order or transaction on the Website but which you then abandon or do not complete. We collect your personal information even if you do not click “next” or “submit” on the relevant page. We may use this information to contact you by email about that enquiry, order or transaction. Such contact will be to determine if we can offer any assistance to help you complete the enquiry, order or transaction, or if we can provide alternative products or services that may be of greater interest to you. We will not store your payment details for this purpose. The legal basis for processing your personal information in this way is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests to promote our products/services to you. When we collect your information, we will give you the option not to receive these emails. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for 10 years for our legitimate interests of understanding our customers and users of our Website.
To improve the functionality of our Website and to conduct analytics: we may use your personal information (as well as pseudonymised or anonymised information generated from your personal information) to carry out analysis and research. We carry out all such analysis and research on the basis that it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in understanding our visitors and Website users and ensuring that we meet the needs of our customers.
Retention of your personal information
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes we collected it for and for as long afterwards as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or as is necessary in our legitimate interests retain it. Therefore, some information may be kept for more or less time depending on how long we reasonably feel it is required for. We have set out some retention periods in relation to your personal information below:
If you donate or lend an item to the Museum, we will keep your name and contact details indefinitely for historical archive purposes. We have a legitimate interest in keeping and maintaining a record of donations and loans received by the Museum.
If you provide us with feedback in the Visitors Book, we will keep your name, your comments and any other personal information that you provide to us indefinitely for archiving purposes and historical interest.
If you provide us with feedback via surveys or otherwise, we will keep your name, your comments and any other personal information that you provide to us for as long as is necessary to address your feedback and to respond to any follow up queries or subsequent correspondence with you on your feedback.
If you make an enquiry or a complaint, we will keep your name, contact details and any other personal information you provide to us for as long as is necessary to resolve the enquiry or complaint.
If you purchase an item, we will keep your name, payment details and any other personal information you provide to us for as long as is necessary to fulfil the transaction and process any refunds due to you.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis.
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
Sharing your personal information
We will share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers, The R&A, The R&A’s suppliers and other group companies of The R&A for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only. We may also share your personal data with a regulator or where the disclosure is required by law. We require those third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
Other than for the purposes communicated to you in this privacy policy, we will not share your personal information with any other third parties without your consent unless we are required to do so by law. Where disclosure to third parties is required by law, our legal basis for processing your information in this way is that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Law enforcement
We fully co-operate with the police and other law enforcement agencies. We reserve the right to report to the police or any other such agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
Linking to other websites
The Website contains links to other websites. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices within any other websites. You should always be aware of this when you leave this Website and we encourage you to read the privacy statement on any other website that you visit.
Overseas transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the above purposes. The British Golf Museum will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by The British Golf Museum to protect personal information for these transfers.
Your data protection rights
Data protection legislation in the UK and EU provides individuals with certain rights regarding the use of their personal information. If you would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the beginning of this privacy policy.
You have the right to:
access the personal information that we hold about you in many circumstances;
ask us to delete or correct any personal information that we hold about you;
prevent us processing your personal information;
port your personal information in certain circumstances;
not be subject to a solely automated decision;
withdraw any consent that you have given. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before withdrawal; and
lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal information. Please see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ to find out more.
Use of Cookies
We would like to make you aware that cookies may be used on the Website. A cookie is a very small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive when accessing a website and it collects standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the Website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies and you can find out more information on how to refuse and delete cookies at http://www.aboutcookies.org. However, please note that parts of the Website may not function as a result.