https://www.witc.edu/about-witc/college-policies
Back to About WITC
Safety & Security
About
Mission and Vision
Institutional Organization and Priorities
Strategic Planning
Name Change & Rebranding
History & Research Results
Process & Cost
Submit a Question or Comment
Office of Academic Affairs
Research & Resources
Leadership
Campus Administrators
Dr. Steve Bitzer
Steve Decker
Dr. Stephanie Erdmann
Susan Yohnk Lockwood
Jena Vogtman
Deans
President
College Leadership Team
Board of Trustees
Board Appointments
Board Agendas, Minutes and District Policies
Accreditation
Open Pathway
News & Publications
Publications
Publications Archive
Press Room
Public Notices
Safety & Security
FERPA
Consumer Disclosures
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion
File a Report
Title IX
Employment
Benefits and Resources
Search Postings
Purchasing - Quotes, Bids & Proposals
Contact
WITC promises a hands-on college experience that’s tailored to our students and the real world. In order to fulfill this, everyone that is a part of WITC needs to be aware of the college’s styles, guidelines and operating procedures.
Below you will find links to WITC’s privacy policy, an acceptable use document, web accessibility, and other information to help the college maintain a cohesive image, while providing our students with the best experience possible.
See all Consumer Disclosures
WITC's goal is to promote a safe and welcoming environment for everyone learning and working at the College. The WITC Safety Committee encourages you to become familiar with our safety policies and procedures.
The links below will provide you with more specific information which aid in providing a safe and secure environment.
WITC Alert - Emergency Notification System
The Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College Emergency Notification System, "WITC Alert", is intended to give students, faculty and staff timely notification of campus emergencies, including campus closures due to weather or non-weather related circumstances, and lock down situations.
The emergency notification system is capable of sending users text, voice and email messages, as well as a full-screen pop up alert on all PCs and Macs on campus.
Annual Security Audit Report/Right to Know/Clery
View the 2020-21 Annual Security Report
View the Right to Know brochure
Behavioral Intervention Team (BIT)
WITC is concerned about the care, welfare, safety and security of all of its students, faculty and staff. The College is committed to providing an environment where individuals are free to work, learn and teach, unencumbered and uninhibited by threats of intimidation and harm. The Behavioral Intervention Team (BIT) is a team that flags and responds to students deemed to be at risk to themselves or others mentally and/or physically.
The BIT is a central clearinghouse to coordinate responses to student behaviors of concern from students, faculty and staff. When red flags are raised about specific student behavioral concerns, the BIT will follow up on these concerns.
The Dean of Students leads and coordinates the BIT at each WITC campus. This team meets to review, document and respond to student behavioral concerns.
The BIT works to connect the dots for behaviorally at risk students but DOES NOT REPLACE other classroom management or disciplinary processes.
For all emergencies, call 911.
Students, staff and faculty are encouraged to report important but not life threatening student behavior concerns via the BIT Form.
Behavioral Intervention Student of Concern Report
What to Report
Behavior of students that disrupts the mission and/or learning environment of WITC students, faculty, staff or community. For example:
Student email responses that seem to be off topic and cause significant concern or worry including, expressions of hate, comments regarding violence to self or others, and vulgar language.
Student behavior that demonstrates a pattern which could potentially threaten the health and well-being of those around him/her such as verbal threats and overly agitated, aggressive, and intimidating behaviors.
Student behavior that makes it difficult for routine work or teaching to take place including high levels of irritable, unruly, argumentative, and frequent noncompliance with instructor /staff directives.
Student behavior that makes those around them feel significantly uncomfortable on some level such as persistent incivility, bizarre behavior or other behavior concerns.
Concern for the well being of a student. Student behavior examples include:
Extreme shifts of behavior, depression, and/or anxiety issues.
Suicidal thoughts or expressions, self-mutilating behaviors, and alcohol or drug abuse concerns.
For assistance in addressing immediate concerns, please contact a student services counselor or dean of students at your campus location. For emergency situations call 911.
Emergency Procedures
Download Emergency Procedures
Cyber Security
Acceptable Use
Download Acceptable Use Document
Web Accessibility
Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College is committed to making its websites accessible to the widest possible audience, including individuals with disabilities. The resources listed below are used to develop the WITC website and create standards for accessible web development for use by all WITC Web Developers and Maintenance Personnel.
If you have any problems accessing the information on our site, please contact us and we will provide it to you in alternative format, or will put you in touch with the appropriate instructor, counselor, or admissions advisor. Contact: Webmaster, web.team@witc.edu, or contact us today 800.243.9482 or 1.715.468.2815.
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0
Privacy Notice
Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This policy explains how we intend to handle any personally identifying information you give us online. It does not apply to personally identifying information that we may collect offline.
Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College will only collect your personal information (such as your name, address, or telephone number) if you provide it voluntarily. We will use this information to process your requests. But we will not intentionally sell, share, or distribute your personal information to third parties, except as required by law or college policy.
Our use of information is in some cases governed by (and complies with) federal and Wisconsin state privacy and Freedom of Information laws, including the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
The WITC Web site contains links to other Web sites and the college is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
Policy last revised July 2010
Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College
505 Pine Ridge Drive
Shell Lake, WI 54871
Drug & Alcohol Prevention
WITC believes the use and abuse of alcohol and other drugs interferes with a person’s ability to learn and grow in the college environment. To that end, the College has established an alcohol and drug policy for students, staff and visitors, which can be found in the Student Handbook, Your Right to Know brochure, and the General Employee Handbook.
View the 2019 Drug and Alcohol Prevention Policy (DAAPP)
View the 2019 Biennial Report
Emergency Procedures
Download Emergency Procedures
Disclaimer: While in the event of an emergency, WITC will make every effort to reach all students and staff. WITC acknowledges that technical limitations such as overtaxed communications systems, transmission errors, and cellular telephone roaming and out of range areas, may limit the effectiveness of the system and delay or prevent the issuance or receipt of messages to all or certain users. WITC will make every effort to inform all users of an emergency in a timely and appropriate manner, but cannot guarantee performance of the system and disclaims liability for messages delayed or not received due to technological limitations or human error.
File a Report
Report an Accident/Injury
Report an Incident/Misconduct
TAKE the NEXT STEP
Are you ready to experience success? WITC staff are standing by to support you in reaching your educational and career goals, so do it. Take the leap.
Ready to join WITC's successful graduates? Easily apply today.
Apply
Learn more about WITC's academic programs and certifications, tuition and financial aid, admissions and more.
Request Information
WITC's admissions advisors are available to answer your questions.
Contact an Advisor