http://www.civilrightsmuseum.org/privacy
Home
I Am A Child Memphis
Keepers of 306
Freedom Award Experience 2019
About
Terms
Press Room
Privacy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.civilrightsmuseum.org and National Civil Rights Museum and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to National Civil Rights Museum include www.civilrightsmuseum.org, NCRM, Education Equity Initiative and www.educationasacivilright.org. The NCRM website is a civil rights history and educational programs site. By using the NCRM website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
NCRM may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. NCRM may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age, gender, household income, race and Occupation. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by NCRM. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the NCRM website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through NCRM’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
NCRM encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from NCRM so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. NCRM is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the NCRM website.
Use of your Personal Information
NCRM collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
NCRM may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from NCRM and its affiliates. NCRM may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
NCRM does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
NCRM may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to NCRM, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
NCRM will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NCRM or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NCRM; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of NCRM, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The NCRM website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize NCRM pages, or register with NCRM site or services, a cookie helps NCRM to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same NCRM website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the NCRM features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the NCRM services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
NCRM secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
NCRM does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Changes to this Statement
NCRM will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. NCRM encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how NCRM is protecting your information.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from NCRM by contacting us here.
Contact Information
NCRM welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that NCRM has not adhered to this Statement, please contact NCRM at:
National Civil Rights Museum
450 Mulberry
Memphis, Tennessee 38103
Effective as of September 13, 2012
Email Address:
cdyson@civilrightsmuseum.org
Telephone number:
901.521.9699
Museum Hours for Today