http://www.rsm.nl/about-rsm/cookie-policy-for-rsmnl/
Cookie Policy
Home
About RSM
General Terms
Cookie Policy
Home
Bachelor
Master
MBA
PhD, Faculty and Research
Executive Education
Discovery: Research impact
Programmes
About RSM
Alumni
Companies
Current students
Information for
Contact
Intranet
Corona virus updates
Organisation
Our mission
Facts & figures
I WILL
Partners
Our campus
News
Events
Magazines
Vacancies
RSM Store
Search
Search
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University values your trust and respects your privacy. This page explains how we use cookies on this website and how we use certain data.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website. Information is stored in this file. The website can then read this information in order to improve the user experience on the website.
It is safe to use cookies. Personal information such as an email address or telephone number cannot be obtained from a cookie, guaranteeing your privacy.
Why does rsm.nl use cookies?
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University website, www.rsm.nl, uses cookies for various purposes. These purposes and applications are described below. Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University uses first-party and third-party cookies, which means that cookies from rsm.nl as well as cookies from third parties can be placed on your computer. Please find an overview of the cookies that are used below, as well as the intended application and validity.
Which cookies does rsm.nl use?
Here is an overview of the cookies that can be placed on your computer. Functional, performance and statistical cookies are always used, regardless of whether or not you have chosen to accept cookies. These cookies do not require permission to be placed on your computer.
Functionality and performance
Some cookies make sure Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University website functions properly. These cookies ensure that the basic settings of the website are correct and that you can use the website optimally during your visit. For example, these cookies ensure that you get the mobile version of the website when you access it using a mobile phone and that certain preferences can be saved. The website may not function properly without these cookies.
Statistics
To provide rsm.nl users with information in the best possible way, it is valuable to know what information is important to them. That is why we also use cookies that collect statistical information about the website. We can use them to measure how many visitors come to the website and how they use the website. This information helps us understand how we can keep improving the website, for example its structure, navigation, and content. The statistics we collect are anonymous and cannot be traced to individuals.
Advertising
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University places advertisements on various other websites, for example for the programmes we offer and the events we organise. To measure the effect of these advertisements, we place cookies that measure matters such as whether you request a brochure, register for a programme or sign up for an event.
We also use remarketing and retargeting. This technology makes it possible to use the visitor’s interests on the rsm.nl website to present advertising related to these interests on partners’ websites. This form of advertising is completely anonymised: no privacy-related data is saved.
Social media
Our website places cookies from various social media channels to enable you to share information from it on social media. This way, these networks recognise you when you want to share information. The data that the social media channels collect and use can be different for each channel. For more information, please consult the declarations these parties have drawn up on this topic.
Other and contingency
In some instances, we use elements that are provided by third parties. In such cases we cannot always control and monitor the cookies that are placed by these websites, for example when elements from external websites are loaded into our website and displayed. If you encounter cookies from such parties and would like more information about this, you can contact us or the other party directly.
Overview of cookies used
Name
Validity
Set by
Functionality
rsm_cookie_control_page
1 year
RSM
Functional cookie to set your cookie preferences
rsm_cookie_control_status
1 year
RSM
Functional cookie to set your cookie preferences
_hjIncludedInSample
End of session
Hotjar
Statistical information
_hjUserId
1 year
Hotjar
Statistical information
ABTasty
13 months
AB Tasty
Functional cookie for website optimization
ABTastySession
End of session
AB Tasty
Functional cookie for website optimization
_dc_gtm_UA-1099882-15
1 minute
Google
Loads the Google Tagmanager Container
__unam
9 months
Sharethis
Functional cookie for social media sharing
__utma
2 years
Google
Statistical information, used to distinguish users and sessions
__utmb
30 minutes
Google
Statistical information, used to determine new sessions/visits
__utmc
End of session
Google
Statistical information, used to determine new sessions/visits
__utmz
6 months
Google
Statistical information, used to store the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached the site
cuvid
2 years
ClickDimensions
Statistical information, used to determine unique visitors to the site and it is updated with each page view
cusid
30 minutes
ClickDimensions
Statistical information, used to establish and continue a user session with the site
Refusing cookies
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can change this option. The settings in your browser can be changed to limit cookies or to reject them completely. You can also remove individual cookies. Please note: sometimes the website will not function properly or not function at all when you change these settings.
The way to change these settings in your browser depends on the browser you are using. You can use the following instructions on how to change your settings in commonly used browsers:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Safari for iPhone, iPad or iPod touch
RSM uses cookies to measure website statistics, enable social media sharing and for marketing purposes. By clicking accept cookies or by continuing to use this website, you are giving consent for us to set cookies when visiting this website. See our cookie policy for more information about cookies and how to adjust your cookie settings.
Accept cookies
Decline cookies