http://www.ugcs.caltech.edu/index.php?title=UGCS_Wiki:Privacy_policy
UGCS Wiki:Privacy policy
From UGCS
Jump to:					navigation, 					search
Contents
1 Preamble
2 Personal Information UGCS Collects
3 What UGCS Does with Personal Information
4 Disclosures of Personal Information
5 Security of Personal Information Collected via the Services
6 Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Preamble
This Master Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains the collection, use, and disclosure of “personal information” by UGCS. Unless otherwise noted on a particular site or service, this Privacy Policy applies to your use of all websites and services that UGCS operates.
As used in this policy, “personal information” means any data or metadata transmitted, stored, or created by you on UGCS.
By accessing or using any of the Services, you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information UGCS Collects
We may collect personal information through our Services, including without limitation:
when you provide us with your personal information such as by sending an email to us;
when you subscribe to one of our email discussion lists;
when you upload files to a UGCS server;
when you send or receive email through UGCS;
when you access any UGCS website.
What UGCS Does with Personal Information
UGCS sysadmins may access your personal information without limitation for the purpose of improving the usefulness and reliability of the UGCS services, as well as any other reason at the discretion of the sysadmins.
UGCS may retain any personal information indefinitely for any reason.
Disclosures of Personal Information
In general, it is not UGCS’ practice to disclose personal information to third parties. We may share your personal information in two instances:
First, UGCS may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Services.
Second, we may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Master Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public.
If UGCS is required to provide a third party with your personal information (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then provided we have collected and retained an email address for you, UGCS will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or UGCS is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.
Security of Personal Information Collected via the Services
UGCS has implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or processing of personal information that UGCS stores and controls. However, no website can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the Effective Date below. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
Effective Date 26 Jul 2016
Retrieved from "http://wiki.ugcs.caltech.edu/index.php?title=UGCS_Wiki:Privacy_policy&oldid=50"
Navigation menu
Personal tools
Log in
Namespaces
Project page
Discussion
Variants
Views
Read
View source
View history
More
Search
Navigation
Main pageRandom pageUGCS User Guide
Tools
What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information
This page was last modified on 26 July 2016, at 19:32.
Content is available under CC0 1.0 Universal unless otherwise noted.
Privacy policy
About UGCS
Disclaimers
Copyright Policy