https://www.bathcollege.ac.uk/help-advice/qualifications-explained
College Information
About Us
Join Our Team
Meet Our Team
Term Dates
College Campuses
Construction Skills Centre
How the College is Organised
Governance and Reports
Vision and Strategic Plans
16-18 Performance Tables
Study With Us
Course Finder
A-Z Subjects
All Courses
International
Apprenticeships
Traineeships
Degree Level Courses
Full-time Qualifications
Part-time Qualifications
Part-time Love2learn
Adult Community Learning
Foundation Learning
SEND / Inclusion
Free Courses
Employers
College Life
The College Day
Students’ Union
Student Accommodation
Library and Learning Resource Centre
Student Wellbeing
Getting to College
Volunteering and Activites
Sport
Exams Office
Student Voice
Student Handbook
Student Code of Conduct
Staff and Student Links
What’s On
Events
Open Days
News & Blog
Shop & Services
College Shop
The Academy
The Flower Shop
Room Hire
Help & Advice
Student Advice Centre
Choosing the right course
Where could college take you?
Careers Advice
Qualifications Explained
Parents and Carers
Support for Schools
Funding and Fees
Staying Safe Outside College
Emergency Procedures
Privacy Information
FAQ’s
Anonymous Contact
Contact
Job Vacancies
Potential Subcontractors
Staff and Student Links
Employer Links
A
A
A
Home / Help and Advice / Qualifications Explained
Pre-entry and Pre-foundation courses
These courses are for those students who may need life skills support or who have special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) and who wish to study a varied and interesting course at entry level. You can develop your confidence and progress towards further education, training or employment. The course work is based around real life situations and you are encouraged to develop your ability to work independently, to share experiences and to build on your existing skills and knowledge.
Bath College offers the following programmes within its Foundation Learning department:
Vocational Access Programme (VAP)
Aimed at young people who are not sure of what they want to do or who need some time to develop their confidence in learning.
Step-up Programme
For people who want to find out what they are good at and what they would like to do and then progress to higher study.
Life and Independent Living Skills
Caters for learners with learning difficulties and disabilities wishing to improve their independent living skills
Project Search
A year-long internship for young people aged 18-24 with learning difficulties or disabilities with a large local employer. This is made up of three 10-week internships in different departments over the year.
What you will need
There are no formal entry requirements. You just need enthusiasm, commitment and a desire to succeed. A course tutor will interview you when you apply for these courses.
BTECs
A BTEC is a qualification that brings together practical and academic skills at Level 2 and 3 taking a hands-on approach to learning, without missing any of the important theory on the subject. BTECs are assessed through practical, controlled assessments and written work.
BTECs are designed for young people interested in a particular sector or industry. They are designed in partnership with industry representatives, so all employer and student needs are met. They are highly valued by a large number of companies, as they like the fact that students have mandatory work experience and there is a strong focus on employability skills and attitudes.
One BTEC will usually count as a full-time programme e.g. BTEC Extended Diploma in Computing.
What you will need
See our Course Level Guide
Diplomas
Diplomas are similar to BTECs, but are offered by different professional bodies. This ensures the standard of teaching and learning meets the demands of the sector. For example, a Diploma in Art is awarded by the University of Arts London (UAL).
Diplomas are delivered at Level 1, 2 and 3 and both BTECs and Diplomas at Level 3 are the equivalent to three A Levels and therefore carry UCAS points, which can be used to gain entry onto a degree programme at university.
BTECS and Diplomas are graded by Pass, Merit, Distinction and Distinction. Some Colleges will require certain grades in order to progress through the levels. E.g. At Bath College you will require a Merit grade on a level 2 to progress on to a level 3 Diploma/BTEC.
What you will need.
See our Course Level Guide
NVQs
NVQs are competence-based qualifications and provide you with the specific skills to do a particular job. They focus on the skills you will need in the workplace and assessment is usually by practical tasks and assignments. They are usually studied alongside a work placement and can be taken as a stand-alone qualification, or as part of an apprenticeship.
At Bath College lots of students study NVQs as part of their study programme. One particular course area that takes NVQs are Hair and Beauty students. This is because a large part of their programme is working in the public salons, which
complements their classroom-based learning.
What you will need.
See our Course Level Guide
Apprenticeships
An apprenticeship is a real job with real pay, combining all the benefits of a regular position with worthwhile training. They often suit students who have a clear idea of their career path and who no longer want to study full-time in a classroom environment.
Apprenticeships are taught at three levels, each of which usually takes 12-18 months to complete. Of these three levels, you can study two types from age 16 (depending on grades and experience) – Intermediate (level 2) or Advanced (level 3)
Key benefits:
An opportunity to learn job-specific skills
On-the-job training
Paid holidays
Qualifications
Salary
See our current apprenticeship vacancies.
What you will need
See our Course Level Guide
Traineeships
A traineeship is an individualised programme for young people, aged 16-24, who aren’t quite ready for the world of work or require a little help securing an apprenticeship.
Traineeships can last from 6 weeks to 6 months with the content tailored to your individual needs, including:
Work Preparation Training, which ensures you are ready and confident to take the first step in your career, such as an Apprenticeship.
Maths and English support to help give you the literacy and numeracy skills needed for the workplace.
Work placements, which provide insight and experience of the world of work and make you more attractive to potential employers.
Key benefits:
Find the sector most suited to you and your career goals
Experience multiple work placements
Develop your employability skills
What you will need
See our Course Level Guide
A Level (Not available at Bath College)
A Levels are academic qualifications offered by colleges and school sixth forms for students aged 16-19. A Levels provide you with an opportunity to study more than one subject.
A Levels are currently moving into a linear format, which means all your exams will take place at the end of the two year programme and for a number of the subjects the amount of coursework has been reduced. Within subjects, the weighting placed on exams has increased, so that more of your grade rests on the final exam.
Before the new reforms, most students took four AS subjects and continue with three through to A2. A majority of colleges and sixth forms are now deciding to scrap the AS qualification following the reforms, so you will now choose three subjects which you will take through from start to finish.
The Government is making these changes to ensure students who take A Levels are better prepared for study at university, which is the destination for the majority of A Level students.
Still not sure what to do?
Visit our Student Advice Centre section for further advice.
More Information
UCAS Points Explained
Help and Advice
Anonymous Contact
Support for Schools
Choosing the right course / programme of study
Funding and Fees
SEND / Inclusion Service
Contact Us
Careers Advice
Future Bright (B&NES Service)
Fair Processing Notice
Student Advice Centre
Leaving School
Parents and Carers
Qualifications Explained
FAQ’s
Upcoming Events
Virtual Open Day
2nd December 2020 - 4:00 pm - 30th June 2021 - 7:00 pm
View All Events
Latest News
Bath College works with Compassionate Community Hub to feed students this Christmas
Post-pandemic retraining programme launched by Bath College and Bath Spa University
Small Businesses Call for Urgent Action on Skills
Twitter
Bath College @BathCollege
RT @LittyMan: @BathCollege Carpentry students making 8 sided pegs for oak framing @EnglishOak_1 Visit to the workshop to see how oak frames…
Your opinions count Comments, compliments and complaints? Please let us know what you think
HAVE YOUR SAY
Courses you may like
Award in Creative Media Production & Technology
Part Time Qualifications
£300.00
Business HNC (Part Time)
Degree Level
Computing HND
Degree Level
X
CLOSE
Your Wishlist
Continue Browsing
We use cookies to personalise site content, social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of this site with our advertising and social media partners.
Privacy Center
Accept
This site uses cookies More infoNo problem