http://www.agentk-12.org/terms-and-conditions/
TopSchoolJobs - Terms and Conditions
Skip to main content
-->
Skip to main menu
Skip to user menu
Job Seekers:
Sign inor
Create account
Recruiters
-->
Home
Find a Job
Get Job Alerts
Browse Employers
Career Resources
Job Fairs
Visit edweek.org
Terms and conditions
Terms of Use TopSchoolJobs.org
TopSchoolJobs.org is owned and operated by Editorial Projects in Education Inc. (EPE), publisher of Education Week, Teacher Magazine, and edweek.org.
Our address is:
6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100
Bethesda, MD 20814
Phone number: (301) 280-3100
We can be reached via e-mail at: feedback@TopSchoolJobs.org
These Terms of Use apply to TopSchoolJobs.org and its job-search, resume and application functions; the edweek.org Terms of Use govern other portions of the edweek.org site.
By using this Web Site, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms of these Terms and Conditions. Editorial Projects in Education, Inc. ("EPE") may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this page. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on you. The terms "You" and "User" as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing this Site for any reason.
Use of Web Site Content
The contents of this Site, whether partial or otherwise such as text, graphics, images, logos, button icons, software and other Web Site content (collectively, "Web Site Content"), are protected under United States copyright, trademark and other laws. Except for the limited licenses expressly granted to you in these Terms and Conditions, EPE reserves for itself and its licensors all other right, title and interest. All Web Site Content is the property of EPE or its content suppliers or clients. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this Site is the exclusive property of EPE and protected by U.S. copyright laws. Unauthorized use of the Web Site Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. The use of the Web Site Content on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. "TopSchoolJobs.org" the TopSchoolJobs.org design logo and certain other names or logos are service marks or trademarks of EPE, and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the service marks or trademarks of EPE.
Acceptable Site Use
This Site is intended for individuals seeking employment and for employers or recruiters seeking candidates for employment. You may use this Site only for lawful purposes within the stated context of EPE's intended and acceptable use of the Site. EPE is the sole interpreter of the Site's intended and acceptable use.
General Rules
Users may not use this Site in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation Web Site Content, (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful.
For Job Seekers
EPE hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use this Site only for your personal use seeking education employment opportunities for yourself. This authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on the Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Your use of this Site is a privilege. EPE reserves the right to suspend or terminate that privilege for any reason at any time, in its sole discretion.
For Employers
EPE hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use this Site only for your internal business use seeking education candidates for employment. This authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on the Site solely for your personal use directly related to using the Site for the purpose of searching and recruiting job prospects. EPE reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access and use at any time if EPE determines that you are in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions.
Security
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of this Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to this Site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing", (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. EPE will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Prohibited Use
EPE specifically prohibits any use of this Site, and all users agree not to use this Site, for any of the following:
Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate information or information which is not your own accurate resume (living individual seeking employment on a full-time or part-time basis on his or her own behalf).
Posting any employment opportunities that are not education-related, or are outside an education-related field or organization.
Posting any employment opportunity more than once or posting multiple positions within one posting.
Allowing postings to remain on the Site for more than 24-hours after they are no longer valid.
Posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, "club membership", distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents.
Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
Using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this site.
Taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any EPE's Site infrastructure.
Aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Web Site Content or information available from this Site.
Framing of any of Web Site Content or information available from this Site.
EPE assumes no responsibility or liability for any personnel selected by an employer. Selection, retention or hire of any individual or entity is based solely on the employer's investigation, verification and determination that such hire is suitable.
User Information
Some areas of the Site may require you to register with us. When and if you register, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration application (including your e-mail address) and (b) to maintain and update your information (including your e-mail address) to keep it accurate, current, and complete. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You agree to immediately notify EPE of unauthorized use of your registration or password. You acknowledge that should any information provided by you be found to be untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate your use of the Site.
In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy policy on this Site, EPE will not disclose to third parties any information contained in your registration application. EPE reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you based on the preferences that you identify in your registration application and at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by EPE or by third parties. Please our Privacy Policy for further details regarding your information.
User Submissions
You are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. Users assume all risks associated with dealing with other users of this Site. You must not, and by using this Site you agree not to, do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image or statement; post advertisements or solicitations of business, post chain letters or pyramid schemes; impersonate another person; or post material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage the Site Content or information.
If you believe that your work has been copied on this Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact EPE's copyright agent at feedback@TopSchoolJobs.org.
By submitting content to this Site, you grant EPE and its affiliates a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide.
Users may not express or imply that statements made within any correspondence are endorsed by EPE.
EPE does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of communications posted by users or endorse any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
EPE acts as a conduit for the online distribution and publication of user-submitted information and has no obligation to screen communications or information in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users.
Payment Policy
EPE accepts all major credit cards as payment for its online and print recruitment listings.
EPE also offers term accounts to clients meeting its credit standards. EPE does not offer credit terms unless a relationship has been established through a request for credit approval, via this Site's online "Purchase Products" process, or via phone to EPE, and EPE has approved credit for the client. To request a terms account via telephone, please 888-329-2373.
If credit has been established, all invoices for products purchased will be sent by regular, first class mail. Our terms are net 30 days. EPE reserves the right to apply a 1.5% late fee for any payments beyond 30 days, and may send past due accounts to collection. EPE reserves the right to remove all online job postings for late accounts.
Clients who do not meet EPE's credit standards and who cannot pay via credit card will be asked to pre-pay in advance of print or online recruitment listings via check drawn on U.S. Dollars, made payable to EPE-TopSchoolJobs.org.
EPE's Liability
This Site acts as a venue for employers to post job opportunities and candidates to post resumes. EPE does not screen or censor the listings offered. EPE is not involved in the actual transaction between employers and candidates. As a result, EPE has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or resumes posted, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of employers to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through this Site.
EPE cannot and does not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings or control the behavior of participants on this Site, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release EPE (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential, direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. EPE is not to be considered to be an employer with respect to this Site and shall not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason made, made by any entity posting jobs on this Site.
We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the information provided by other users which is made available through this Site. By its very nature, other people's information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled.
The Web Site Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. EPE makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Web Site Content. Use this site at your own risk. EPE may change the Site at any time.
This Site may contain links to third party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience and not as an endorsement by EPE of the contents on such third-party Web sites. EPE is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party Web sites. If you decide to access linked third party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Warranties
EPE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE WEB SITE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, EPE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THIS SITE AND WEB SITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. EPE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. EPE MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE WEB SITE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL EPE, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE AND THE WEB SITE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT EPE IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Limitation of Liability
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE AND/OR CONTENT CONTAINED WITHIN THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO EPE FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, TO ACCESS THE SITE.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless EPE, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) any material you provide to this Site, (ii) any Web Site Content that you use or (iii) your breach of the terms of these Terms and Conditions. EPE shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
General
Void where prohibited. Access to the Web Site Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access this Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under these Terms and Conditions shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts in the State of Maryland.
EPE reserves the right to and may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Communications soliciting an employer's business by our competitors is strictly prohibited. top
-->
-->
-->
-->
Back to top
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Learn more
Post a job with us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
© 2017 - 2020 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc..
Powered by Madgex Job Board Technology