https://www.hull-college.ac.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main contentHomePrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and the ways in which your personal data is used, as well as information about cookies. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us using the contact details on this website.Use of informationWe will use your information to provide and personalise our service. Where we collect personal data, we store this securely in both hard copy and electronic copy. This data may be used to compile reports and statistics that comply with contractual requirements and for general administration purposes (eg correspondence by letter). We ensure that the provisions and obligations imposed by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Data Protection Principles together with any subsequent re-enactment or amendment thereof in storing and processing personal data, are complied with at all times. We may use your information to send you news about our products or services which we think may be of interest to you. We may contact you by post, email, telephone or fax for these purposes. We will never pass your personal data to anyone else, except for any successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on our behalf.Other WebsitesOur web site may contain links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.CookiesWhat is a cookie?Cookies are small data files websites store on your device to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site – for example, when you enter your login details and move to another page it won’t recognise you and it won’t be able to keep you logged in.What is in a cookie?Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember things like your preferences or what’s in your shopping basket.What to do if you don’t want cookies to be setSome people find the idea of a website storing information on their device a bit intrusive. Although this is generally quite harmless, you may not, for example, want to see advertising that has been targeted to your interests. If you prefer, it is possible to block some or all cookies, or even to delete cookies that have already been set; but you need to be aware that you might lose some functions of the website. You can remove cookies cookies by going into your browsers control panel/preferences.
Home
Study
14 - 16
16 - 18
19+
Part-time
Apprenticeships
Degree level
Lee Stafford Academy
Fully Funded Training
Subject Areas
Further Education (e.g. BTECs, NVQs, Diplomas)
University Level (e.g. HNC/D, Foundation Degrees, BA Hons)
News
Work for us
The College
Statements and Policies
Alumni
Careers Education, Information, Advice & Guidance
Counselling
Data Protection & GDPR
Equality & Diversity
Freedom Of Information
Governance
Safeguarding
Term Dates
Facilities
HU1 Riverside
Salon QG
Childcare Centre
Open Events
Financial HelpUseful Information
Enrolment
Procurement
How to get here
Local Offer (SEND)
Site MapLinks
Outlook
Moodle
Parallels
Parent View
CanvasGet in touch
Hull College
Queen’s Gardens
Hull
HU1 3DG
Call us 01482 329943
Send an email
or Contact us hereConnect with us