http://www.teachforamerica.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Search
Submit Search
Search
Close
Close
The Terms of Use Agreement
The Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to the Internet site of Teach For America. This Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") constitutes a legally binding contract between Teach For America, Inc. ("TFA," "we," "us," "our") and you with respect to your use of our public website www.teachforamerica.org, internal website such as summit specific websites, Teach For America store www.teachforamericastore.com, and the Information and Services (each as defined below) (collectively, the "Website").
We reserve the right at any time, with or without cause, to:
change the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
change the Website, including eliminating or discontinuing any Information or Services or other feature of the Website; or
deny or terminate your use of and/or access to the Website.
Any change(s) we make will be effective immediately upon our making such change(s) available on the Website or otherwise providing notice thereof. Any changes we make are intended to be prospective only. You agree that your entering, re-entering, or continuing to use the Website thereafter constitutes your acceptance of such change(s). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Agreement.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY USING THE WEBSITE, MOBILE APPS OR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE
Privacy Policy
You hereby acknowledge that you have carefully read all of the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy (which can be accessed at www.teachforamerica.org/privacy-policy) and agree to all such terms and conditions.
Our Mission
We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit focused on building the movement to eliminate educational inequity by enlisting our nation's most promising future leaders in the effort (our "Mission"). The Website is designed, and all uses of the Website are intended, to be in furtherance of our Mission.
Permitted Use of Services and Information
The services made available on, by or through the Website, which include or may include, without limitation, TFA membership, registering for any summit, volunteering for the summit, applying for employment or internship with TFA,involvement in TFA events, message boards, blogs, public forums, on-line donations, and the TFA online store ("TFA Store") (collectively, the "Services"), as well as any information provided on, by or through the Website or as part of or in connection with the Services or otherwise, including but not limited to data, text, graphics, designs, logos, images, audio/visual materials, links and references (collectively, the "Information"), are provided for personal use only and not for any for-profit or commercial activities or purpose or for resale or political campaign. Without the written consent of TFA, no Information or any other TFA materials or property may be copied, reproduced displayed, republished, downloaded, posted, digitized, translated, modified, transmitted, distributed or commercially exploited in any way.
TFA will allow you to view and print a reasonable number of copies of information, documents and web pages located on the Website for your own personal use, but not for any for-profit or commercial purpose or for resale; provided that (i) you must retain all trademark, copyright, and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials, (ii) you must provide attribution to TFA, and if possible provide a reference to the Website, (iii) the material must be printed in its entirety without modification, reformatting or adaptation of any kind, (iv) any such copies are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and remain the property of TFA, and (v) you agree to advise any person to whom you share the materials as to this Agreement and they must agree to abide by this Agreement. You understand and agree that you may not authorize any Information to be reproduced, modified, displayed, performed, transferred, distributed or otherwise used by any third party, and you agree that you will take all reasonable steps to prevent any unauthorized reproduction and/or other use of the Information. You agree to advise TFA promptly of any such unauthorized use(s) of which you are aware. Failure to abide by these conditions will immediately terminate this permission and may result in the infringement of the copyrights and/or trademarks and other proprietary rights of TFA or others.
Acceptable Use Policy
You agree not to use the Information, Services or the Website to take any action(s) that:
are contrary to TFA's public image, goodwill or reputation or otherwise not in furtherance of our Mission;
infringe on our or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
express or imply that any of your statements, activities or causes are approved or endorsed by us, without our prior written consent in each instance;
violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, or encourage any conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability;
are libelous, defamatory, threatening, harassing, invasive of privacy, abusive, tortious, hateful, discriminatory, pornographic or obscene;
transmit any trade secret or other material, non-public information about any person, company or entity without the authorization to do so;
restrict or inhibit any other visitor from using the Website, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking" or defacing any portion of the Website;
modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Website or Information;
remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Information, Website, or Services;
sublicense, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, or convey any rights under this Agreement to any third party, or otherwise commercially exploit or profit from the Information, Services or content of the Website, or any portion thereof, in any manner whatsoever;
"frame" or "mirror" any part of the Website without our prior written authorization;
distribute any virus, worm or other similar or deleterious files, scripts or programming routines;
interfere with or disrupt any services or equipment with the intent of causing an excessive or disproportionate load on the infrastructure of TFA or its licensors or suppliers;
involve the preparation or distribution of junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or other deceptive or unsolicited bulk or commercial email, or otherwise violate in any way the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM Act of 2003);
use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website or its contents, authentication and security measures;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any submission;
execute any form of network monitoring or run a network analyzer or packet sniffer or other technology to intercept, decode, mine or display any packets used to communicate between the Website's servers or any data not intended for you;
harvest or collect information about Website visitors or members without their express consent; and/or
relate to political candidate campaigns or advertising or fundraise for, assist, support, or oppose candidates for public office.
Any such improper use of the Information, Services and Website may result in termination of your access to and use of the Website, and may also result in civil and/or criminal liabilities.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by TFA infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted works located on the Website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow TFA to locate the material on the Website; (d) the name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Website should be sent to:
By Mail:
Copyright Designated Agent
Tracy-Elizabeth Clay, Esq.
Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs and General Counsel
Teach For America
300 West Adams St, Suite 1000
Chicago, IL 60606
By Email:
privacy@TeachForAmerica.org
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Registration
Browsing of the Website's public pages is provided free of charge to any person. However, access to certain functionalities of the Website, for example, some functionalities  will require you to register with and/or provide certain information, including but not limited to your email address, to TFA and/or other registered users. We reserve the right to decline to provide Services to any person for any or no reason. If and when you register with or provide information to TFA, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted (including your email address) and (b) maintain and update your information (including your email address) to keep it accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that, if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement and your use of the Website, Services, and/or Information. You understand that any information you provide will be treated by TFA in the manner described in our Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.teachforamerica.org/privacy-policy.
Public Forums
As part of your use of the Website, you may participate in certain message boards, blogs or other public forums. Your participation is voluntary; however, by choosing to post or send a message or blog or grant permission for publication of any of your writing or otherwise participate in any public forum, you acknowledge and agree that any messages, text, photos, information, suggestions, feedback or content provided by you may be viewed by the general public and will not be treated as private, proprietary or confidential, and you authorize us and our affiliates and licensees, without compensation to you or others, to copy, adapt, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, publicly display or otherwise use such information in furtherance of our operations throughout the world in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) for the duration of any copyright or other rights in such content, and such permission may not be revoked for any reason. To the extent permitted under applicable law, you waive and release and covenant not to assert any moral rights that you may have in any content posted or provided by you. By posting or providing such content or permission to post such content on the Website, you represent to TFA that you own or have the right to use and permit us to use such content in the manner stated above. By way of example and not limitation, if you post or otherwise provide a picture of yourself with others, you need to first obtain permission or a release from the other people appearing in the photograph to use their image and you must be the owner or licensee of the copyright in the photograph. You agree not to post or provide any content or information that belongs to any person other than yourself or that contains the name, voice or likeness of any person other than yourself unless you first obtain permission to do so from that person. If you identify yourself by name or provide a picture or audio or video recording of yourself, you further authorize us and our affiliates and licensees (without compensation to you or others) to reproduce, print, publish, disseminate or otherwise use in any format or media (whether now known or hereafter created) your name, voice and likeness in furtherance of our operations throughout the world, and such permission cannot be revoked for any reason.
You further agree that we may use the posted or provided content in any manner that we deem appropriate or necessary. We reserve the right to edit or abridge any content for any reason, and to edit, refuse to post or remove any content submitted by you or others. We cannot and do not guarantee that we will post all content submitted or that such content will not be offensive, defamatory or objectionable. Although we reserve the right to remove without notice any posting for any reason, we have no obligation to delete content that you personally may find objectionable or offensive. We do not control in real time the information posted via the Services and as such do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such information. In addition to other disclaimers found in this agreement, we do not endorse or make any warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any content posted on any message board, blog or other public forum.
Third Party Links
The Website may contain links to other websites for your convenience. We do not control the linked websites or the content provided through such websites, and we have not reviewed, in their entirety, such websites. Your use of linked websites is subject to the privacy practices and terms of use established by the specific linked website, and we disclaim all liability for such use. The fact that we offer such links does not indicate any approval or endorsement by us of any linked website or any material contained on any linked website, and we disclaim any such approval or endorsement. Further, descriptions of, or references to, third party products, services, or publications within the Website do not imply endorsement of, and we are not responsible for and disclaim any endorsement of, any such product, service, or publication. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select are free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, date or time bombs and other items of a destructive nature.
Payments, Purchases and On-Line Donations
In order to register for any summit, purchase products from the TFA Store or make on-line donations, you must submit the necessary contact and payment information, which includes or may include, without limitation, your name, billing and shipping addresses, credit card or other payment information and email address. You understand that any such information will be treated by us in the manner described in our Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.teachforamerica.org/privacy-policy. By providing such information to us by any means (e.g., email, fax, telephone, mail, etc.), you agree that all such information will be accurate, current, and complete and that you have the lawful right to provide such information to TFA for use in processing your orders or receiving your donations via the Website. In order to purchase products or make on-line donations, you must be 18 years of age or older. By using the Website's payment methods (e.g., VISA, Mastercard, PayPal, etc.), you confirm that you possess the legal authority to enter into the conditions of use for the Website, including without limitation, instructing us or our authorized vendors to collect any payments from a credit or debit card, and to use the Website in accordance with this Agreement. You agree that you are responsible for all charges incurred by your use of the Website and you expressly authorize us or our authorized vendors to charge the credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) provided by you for any outstanding fees or costs due to us or any donations submitted online via the Website. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your purchases.
Descriptions or images of, or references to, products or services on the Website do not imply our approval or endorsement of such products or services. We reserve the right, without prior notification, to change such descriptions or references, to change the prices, fees and charges associated with any product or service, to cancel or limit the order quantity on any product or service, to reject, correct, cancel or terminate any order, and/or to refuse service to you for any or no reason. Verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to our acceptance of any order.
Once you have completed your purchase, an e-mail confirming your order will be sent to the email address you provide. Please keep this e-mail as it is your sales receipt and order confirmation for products and/or services ordered, and will include your order number.
All sales of merchandise through the TFA Store and all returns and exchanges are subject to our standard sales terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement. We reserve the right, without prior notification, to change our standard sales terms and conditions at any time. TFA will accept returns of current merchandise in original condition within 30 days of receipt, for replacement or refund of the purchase price at our option. Shipping and handling costs are non-refundable. Please note that we do not accept returns for discounted merchandise. If your order is incomplete, incorrect, or damaged, please email us at tfastore@cam-inc.com, or call us at 866-77-TEACH (83224). Our customer service hours are 8am-5pm central time, Monday-Friday.
Send Returns and Exchanges to:
CAM Inc.
TFA Website Returns
9221 Flint St.
Overland Park, KS 66214
Be sure to include a copy of your packing slip and please write the reason for the return or exchange.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ALL PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE TFA STORE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. TFA'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PRODUCT SHALL BE TO REPLACE THE ITEM OR REFUND THE PURCHASE PRICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS SET FORTH ABOVE.
Ownership
The Website is owned and operated by TFA and its licensors, and the Information and Services (and any intellectual property and other rights relating thereto) are and will remain the property of TFA and its licensors and suppliers. The Information and Services are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws, and you acknowledge that these rights are valid and enforceable. Except as set forth in this Agreement, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, sub-license, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any part of the Website or any Service or Information without our prior written consent. The Information, Website, and Services may be used solely (a) to the extent permitted in this Agreement or (b) as expressly authorized in writing by TFA or, if so indicated in writing by TFA, its licensors or suppliers. Use of the Website or any Services or Information for any other purpose is strictly prohibited. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Website or any Services or Information.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Website (collectively, the "Trademarks") are the registered and unregistered trademarks of TFA, TFA licensors and suppliers, and/or others. Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark(s) without the express written permission of TFA, TFA licensors or suppliers, or the third party owner of any such Trademark.
Parental Consent
You hereby affirm that you are at least 13 years of age, as this Website is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Website. You further affirm that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and comply with this Agreement. If you are under 18 years of age, you further affirm that you either: (i) are an emancipated minor, or (ii) possess legal parental or guardian consent.
TFA does not knowingly solicit data from children or knowingly market to children. We are concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet and, in accordance with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable legal parental or guardian consent. In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable legal parental or guardian consent, we will delete that information from the Website as quickly as reasonably practical.
TFA wishes to inform you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available at the website of GetNetWise.org (http://www.getnetwise.org/).
Term & Termination
This Agreement is effective from the date that you first access the Website or submit any information to TFA, whichever is earlier, and shall remain effective until terminated in accordance with its terms. TFA may immediately terminate this Agreement, and/or your access to and use of the Website, or any portion thereof, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice. This Agreement will also terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement by either party, your right to use the Website shall immediately cease, and you shall destroy all copies of information that you have obtained from the Website, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. All disclaimers and all limitations of liability and all TFA rights of ownership shall survive any termination.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website, or any part or portion thereof, with or without notice to you. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Website, or any part or portion thereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to obligate TFA to maintain and support the Website, or any part or portion thereof, during the term of this Agreement.
Disclaimers
THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE INFORMATION AND WEBSITE IS CURRENT AND/OR UP-TO-DATE ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
THERE IS NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE THAT THE WEBSITE, OR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, COMPLETE, ACCURATE, CURRENT, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, SECURE, OR THAT ANY PROBLEMS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE, OR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSIBLE FROM THE WEBSITE, IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE, OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE USE OF, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE WEBSITE EITHER IN TERMS OF ITS COMPATIBILITY WITH HARDWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE OR EQUIPMENT, AND YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR SERVICES AND INFORMATION AND YOUR RELIANCE THEREON.
Limitation of Liability
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY OF ANY KIND, NEITHER TFA NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, OR ASSIGNS, NOR OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, DIMUNITION IN VALUE, LOST SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF DATA) OR LIABILITIES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY MANNER TO THE WEBSITE, INFORMATION, SERVICES, ANY LINKED WEBSITE AND/OR ANY MERCHANDISE PURCHASED THROUGH THE TFA STORE, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE, THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITE, SERVICE, OR LINKED WEBSITE, AS APPLICABLE. TFA'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY MANNER TO THE WEBSITE, INFORMATION AND/OR SERVICES, SHALL BE THE TOTAL OUT-OF-POCKET AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO TFA BY YOU FOR USE OF THE WEBSITE, INFORMATION, AND/OR SERVICES.
Indemnification
You agree to fully indemnify, defend, and hold TFA, our affiliates, licensors, suppliers, agents, successors, and assigns and our and their directors, officers, employees, consultants, and other representatives, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), and other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from: (a) your breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to the Acceptable Use Policy; (b) any allegation that any materials you submit to us or transmit to the Website infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; (c) your activities in connection with the Website or other websites to which the Website is linked; and/or (d) your willful misconduct or gross negligence.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Website is managed in the State of New York, United States of America, and the Information, Website, and Services are solely directed to individuals residing in the United States. TFA makes no representation that the Website operates (or is legally permitted to operate) in all geographic areas, or that the Information, Website, or Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Accessing the Website from territories where the Website, or any content or functionality of the Website or portion thereof, is illegal is expressly prohibited. If you choose to access the Website from locations other than the United States, you agree and acknowledge that you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and that you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Notice for California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Website users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or Federal court located in the borough of Manhattan of the City of New York, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire Agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral Agreements between you and us with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may not be changed, waived or modified except by TFA as provided herein or otherwise by written instrument signed by TFA. This Agreement or any right, obligation, or remedy hereunder is not assignable, transferable, delegatable, or sublicensable by you except with TFA's prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, transfer, delegation, or sublicense shall be null and void. TFA may assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any right or obligation or remedy hereunder in its sole discretion. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption, or section title contained in this Agreement is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof.
Contacting Teach For America
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Agreement or our Website, please contact us:
Email:       privacy@teachforamerica.org
Phone:     1-800-832-1230
Address:   25 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10004
Effective July 1, 2015
Thanks for signing up!
You'll find great content in your inbox soon.
Redefine the future for students at Teach For America.
Take the next step and join the corps today.
Join The Corps
Close
Thanks for signing up!
You'll find great content in your inbox soon.
At Teach For America, we know lasting change can happen: All children will get the excellent education they deserve.
See how change happens.
Watch Video
Close