http://www.cpcc.edu/privacy
logo
bell
blackboard
checkmark
exclamation
financialaid
helpdesk
highschool
masks
mycollege
play
quotation
reset
sun
chevron
accessible
arrow
calendar
career
close
connected
degree
email
menu
minus
money
online
personal
phone
plus
respected
search
university
home
twitter
facebook
youtube-play
instagram
Home Page
Privacy
Privacy
This information describes Central Piedmont's policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use the site.
Limitation on Scope of Content
The Central Piedmont website contains information regarding Central Piedmont and its education and training services. All pricing information referred to in this site is in U.S. dollars.
No Representation or Warranty
Central Piedmont reserves the right to modify the information contained in this site at any time without notice. While Central Piedmont makes all reasonable efforts to insure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Central Piedmont does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained in this site.
This site and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you "as is" without warranty of any kind. This site may contain hypertext links to other World Wide Web sites which are completely independent of this site. Central Piedmont makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such hypertext link, and any hypertext link to another person or entity shall not in any manner be construed as endorsement by Central Piedmont of such person's or entity's World Wide Web site, products or services. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Central Piedmont.Central Piedmont shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site or any information you transmitted to this site.
Normal Web Site Usage
You can visit Central Piedmont's web site to access education/training service information or use our online tools (online courses, etc.) without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal web site usage is the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests.
We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. During normal web site usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are instances where Central Piedmont requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence (mailed class schedules and brochures). This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data by Central Piedmont and is used to fulfill your request. Central Piedmont makes every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and PGP (Pretty Good Privacy). The information you provide is used by Central Piedmont to improve the services we provide you. It is never provided to any other company for that company's independent use.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file, typically generated by a website and saved in your web browser. Its purpose is to store information that can be used by the website on subsequent visits. The college uses cookies in various ways, as described in the following categories, that may persist in your browser until expiration or until they are deleted. If you would like to opt-out, you can manage or delete cookies by adjusting your device settings.
Read the complete College Cookie Policy that includes instructions for how to opt-out.
Copyright/Trademark Ownership
The information in this site is protected by copyright. You may only use the information, text or graphics contained in this site for your personal use and may not reproduce, adapt, or publish it, in whole or in part, for any purpose without the express written consent of Central Piedmont. The Central Piedmont logo may not be used, downloaded, copied, or distributed in any way.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Central Piedmont Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to change Central Piedmont's Online Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice or consent.
Navigation - Admissions
Navigation - Academics
Navigation - Cost & Aid
Navigation - Student Experience
Navigation - Locations
Navigation - About CPCC
Navigation - Business & Industry
Navigation - Community & Arts
Navigation - Faculty & Staff
Navigation - Programs
The Latest at Central Piedmont
See All Events
See All News
College receives $500,000 grant from JPMorgan Chase
Dec 10, 2020
Message to the College on Coronavirus: Governor Cooper issued statewide curfew to take effect December 11
Dec 08, 2020
CODA 2021 Visit to Central Piedmont
Dec 03, 2020
Oct
30
Sign Up for the Tuition Payment Plan
Last day to sign up is by 5 p.m. on Monday, December 14, 2020
Nov
09
Register Now for Spring
Continue reading for details
Dec
07
Online: Get FAFSA Help
Continue reading for details