http://www.canada411.ca/help.html?key=faq
Hey null, would you like to subscribe to our awesome weekly local deals newsletter ?Of course, you can easily unsubscribe whenever you want.
Yes, I agree to sign up
No thanks
Advanced search
Advanced search
Reverse address
Reverse phone
Reverse postal code
By proximity
By area code
Popular name directory
Social Search
Direction Search
Our apps
Advertise with us
FAQ
Search Overview
Starting Your Search
Name/Phone
Location
Display of Search Results
Listings
Sorting
Results not found
Listing Details Page
Other Canada411 Searches
Advanced Search
Reverse Address
Reverse Phone Number
Proximity search
By area code
By postal code
Popular names directory
Social search
How to use the map
Large map view
Map navigation toolbar
Get directions
What's nearby
Navigation
Search Box
Breadcrumbs
Results Page
Printing Pages
Save and Share Tools
Address Book
Canada411 and Yellow Pages account
Your Canada411 and Yellow Pages account
Create your account
Manage your profile
Manage your settings
Troubleshooting your account
Other YP Search Sites
City Sites
Find a Business
Other Media
FAQ
FAQ
REQUEST A RESIDENTIAL DIRECTORYFor which cities does a residential directory need to be requested?How do I request a residential directory?ABOUT LISTINGSReport an Error: How to add, update or edit your listing.How do I remove my listing?How recent is Canada411.ca™ data and how often is it updated?Where does Canada411.ca™ get its listing information?Why are certain listings incomplete?Can I download listings from Canada411.ca™ to create mailing lists?Can I get a hard copy or CD of the Canada411.ca™ directory?FINDING & NAVIGATINGCan you help me find this listing?How do I find international listings?How can I increase the font size on your Web site?Help! How do I use your site?ABOUT MAPSHow come not all listings have a map?How come the Bird Eye's & Aerial views are not available on every map?How do I get the map removed from my listing?How do I get the dart position on my listing map corrected?PRIVACYI have an unlisted number. Why do I show up on Canada411.ca™?Will I receive junk mail because I am listed on Canada411.ca™?What are cookies and how do you use them?ADVERTISE WITH USHow can I advertise on Canada411.ca™?SOCIAL SEARCHWhy I appear into the results from Facebook at the bottom of the search result page?How can I disappear from the Facebook social search results on Canada411?Why I appear into the results from LinkedIn at the bottom of the search result page?How can I disappear from the LinkedIn social search results on Canada411?I can't find the person that I want into the results from social search, but I can find him/her on my social networks, why?REQUEST A RESIDENTIAL DIRECTORYFor which cities does a residential directory need to be requested?Residential directories are available by request only in Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Ottawa-Gatineau and Quebec City. How do I request a residential directory?You can request a copy of the residential directory by completing the order form at delivery.yp.ca or by calling 1-800-268-5637.Top of PageABOUT LISTINGSReport an Error: How to add, update or edit your listing.Canada411.ca™ residential listing information originates from publicly available local telephone records for published telephone listings. However, listings from some independent telephone companies do not appear on Canada411.ca™.If you recently moved or modified your listing, please note that the Canada411.ca™ site will be updated automatically within one to two months.To edit your listing, please contact your local telephone provider. Canada411.ca™ will be updated automatically as soon as the new data is received.Top of PageHow do I remove my listing?Canada411.ca™ residential listing information originates from publicly available local telephone records for published telephone listings.There are two options available to you:To have your listing removed from the next print directory, Directory Assistance and from the Canada411.ca™ Web site, please contact your local telephone provider to change your current number to an unlisted one. Monthly fees may be applicable.The modification should appear on the Canada411.ca™ site within one to two months, according to the date when the change was made during the month. To reduce this delay, you can also ask your local telephone provider to send a request for removal by email to Canada411.ca™. To protect you from unauthorized changes to your listing, only requests coming from recognized telephone service providers are processed. The listing will then be removed from the Canada411.ca™ site within two working days.To have your listing removed from the Canada411.ca™ Web site only (you preserve your listing in the print directory and Directory Assistance), please click on this link to submit your request.The listing will then be removed from the Canada411.ca™ site within two working days.Top of PageHow recent is Canada411.ca™ data and how often is it updated?The Canada411.ca™ data is obtained from several sources.Residential listing information acquired from participating providers is between 30-65 days old, and the information is updated monthly on Canada411.ca™.Data may be more recent for some regions than others.Top of PageWhere does Canada411.ca™ get its listing information?Canada411.ca™ residential listing information originates from publicly available local telephone records for published telephone listings. However, listings from some independent telephone companies do not appear on Canada411.ca™. To find out if your local telephone provider is a participating company, please contact them directly.Note: Bell Canada & Telus's records contain listings from multiple independent local telephone providers. Please consult your local telephone provider to find out if this is the case.Top of PageWhy are certain listings incomplete?The information which appears on Canada411.ca™ is based on the data which individuals provide to their local telephone company, so that their information appears in the alphabetical pages of the local printed phone book. If the address is incomplete or missing, it is because the listing appears this way in the local printed phone book. To add or complete your address, please consult the section Report an Error: How to add, update or edit your listing.Top of PageCan I download listings from Canada411.ca™ to create mailing lists?No. The information on the Canada411.ca™ site is copyrighted and cannot be used for list generation. Please see the Canada411.ca™ Terms and Conditions section for more information.Top of PageCan I get a hard copy or CD of the Canada411.ca™ directory?All of the Canada411.ca™ directory assistance data is available exclusively online. As such, hard-copy or CD-ROM versions of Canada411.ca™ directory are not distributed or sold. To obtain a copy of your local phone directory, please contact your local telephone provider.Top of PageFINDING & NAVIGATINGCan you help me find this listing?All of the Canada411.ca™ directory assistance tools are available exclusively online. To improve your search success, please consult the Help Center for search tips.Canada411.ca™ residential listing information originates from publicly available local telephone records for published telephone listings.Listings from some independent telephone companies do not appear on the Canada411.ca™ site. Unlisted numbers (not listed in the telephone book) and cell phone numbers are not provided and are not displayed.The individual may not have a listed number in their name. They may also request that their listing be removed from the Canada411.ca™ site or from the direct marketing lists (e.g. the Canadian Association of direct marketing) - this currently includes Canada411.ca™.If the listing is published with the initial of the first name and the search is done with the complete first name, the latter will be unsuccessful.If the individual recently moved or changed his listing in any way, it is possible that Canada411.ca™ has not yet received the update. Please consult How recent is Canada411.ca™ data and how often is it updated? to find out when such changes will appear on the Canada411.ca™ site. Directory Assistance (411 or 1-area code-555-1212) is the service that has the most recent information. Please note that usual Directory Assistance charges will apply.Top of PageHow do I find international listings?Canada411.ca™ provides directory assistance information for Canada only at this time. To order a local directory or to purchase out-of-town, Canadian, American or international directories:1-800-268-5637 (Ontario, Quebec, Yukon, Northwest Territories)1-877-987-8737 (British Columbia, Alberta and Manitoba)1-866-425-4268 (Atlantic Provinces)1-800-727-5835 (Saskatchewan)1-888-266-5765 (International/American)Top of PageHow can I increase the font size on your Web site?Use the instructions below to change the font size on Canada411.ca™:Use the Text Size Increase buttons at the top right-hand side of the pageORYou can adjust the text size in your browser. Please consult your browser's help file for specific instructions on adjusting text size.Top of PageABOUT MAPSWhy is it that not all listings have a map?A map is displayed if the listing received from the Telco has a valid address as per Canada Post standards (see https://www.canadapost.ca/common/tools/pg/standards/default-e.asp). If the listed address is valid but the Plan view map is missing, please use the online form that can be found in the Contact Us section to notify us.Top of PageWhy is it that
the Bird Eye's & Aerial views are not available on every map?The data for Bird Eye's & Aerial views are provided by Microsoft's Virtual Earth system. Any areas not seen in such views are not yet included in Virtual Earth's photographic data repository.Top of PageHow do I get the map removed from my listing?Please contact your local telephone provider and request your listing to be blank address. Canada411.ca™ will automatically be updated as soon as the new data is received.Top of PageHow do I get the pin position on my listing map corrected?The latitude and longitude used for the mapping are based on your listed address.If there is an error in your address, please contact your local telephone provider to have your listing updated. Canada411.ca™ will be updated automatically as soon as the new data is received.If the listed address conforms to Canada Post standards (see https://www.canadapost.ca/common/tools/pg/standards/default-e.asp), but the map is inaccurate please use the online form that can be found in the Contact Us section to notify us.Top of PagePRIVACYTo view our Privacy Policy visit YPG.comI have an unlisted number. Why do I show up on Canada411.ca™?Canada411.ca™ residential listing information originates from publicly available local telephone records for published telephone listings. Unlisted numbers (not listed in the telephone book) are not provided and are not displayed.If you have arranged for your number to be unlisted, and that your listing appears on Canada411.ca™, please contact your local telephone provider. It is possible that your listing was published by mistake. However, if you have just asked for your current phone number to be unlisted, please consult the section How recent is Canada411.ca™ data and how often is it updated? to find out when your listing will be removed from the Canada411.ca™ site.Top of PageWill I receive junk mail because I am listed on Canada411.ca™?Users of Canada411.ca™ are strictly prohibited from using the data published on Canada411.ca™ for commercial purposes. In the same way, the data published on Canada411.ca™ will not be sold nor used for purposes of direct marketing by Canada411.ca™. Please see the Canada411.ca™ Terms and Conditions section for more details.Any illegal use of the data published on Canada411.ca™ should be reported to Canada411.ca™ via the Contact Us form.If you are concerned about having your listing on Canada411.ca™, please consult the options available to you to remove your listing from Canada411.ca™.Top of PageWhat are cookies and how do you use them?The newest dictionaries incorporating common technology slang describe "cookies" as small text files a Web server stores on a user's computer in order to keep track of user patterns and preferences. Yellow Pages websites makes limited use of cookies in order to provide personalized content and protect confidential user information. Cookies are also used to limit the number of certain types of advertising placements you see per day on Canada411.ca™.Top of PageADVERTISE WITH USHow can I advertise on Canada411.ca™?Canada411.ca™ and the Yellow Pages Network provide a wide variety of advertising placements to meet your marketing needs. For further information, please see theAdvertise with us section, or contact our partner Mediative.Top of PageSOCIAL SEARCHWhy I appear into the results from Facebook at the bottom of the search result page?If your profile appears in results from Facebook, it's because your Facebook privacy settings are set to "Enable public search".By default, this option is turned on when you create a Facebook account.How can I disappear from the Facebook social search results on Canada411?To make sure your profile won't appear in social networks results:Log into FacebookClick on "Account" on the top right of your Facebook home page and move to the "Privacy Settings"Under Privacy settings select "Applications and Websites" on the bottom left and select "Edit Your Settings"Edit the settings of "Public search" under "Applications and Websites" and uncheck the box "Enable public search"Your profile should not appear anymore in social search results.Why I appear into the results from LinkedIn at the bottom of the search result page?If your profile appears in results from LinkedIn, it’s because your LinkedIn public profile option is set to be visible to everyone. By default, this option is turned on when you create a LinkedIn account.How can I disappear from the LinkedIn social search results on Canada411?To make sure your profile won’t appear in social networks results:Go to your public profile page settings on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/profile/public-profile-settings)On the right side menu named "Customize Your Public Profile", mark the radio button as "Make my public profile visible to no one".Your profile should not appear anymore in social search results and in result from search engine.I can't find the person that I want into the results from social search, but I can find him/her on my social networks, why?If you can't find the person that you want, it's possible that your friend has prevented its information from showing up publicly.
Brought to you by:
Browse People by Name
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
About us
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Advertisers
Advertise with us
Mobile, tools and more
Mobile, tools and more
Shopwise
Quick links
FAQ
Help
National Do Not Call List(DNCL)
Request a Residential Directory
Our Partners
CanadaPlus.ca
Employment News
HomeTrader.ca
Hospital News
Mediative.com
Restaurantica.com
YP.ca
Canada411.caTM, Canada411TM, Yellow PagesTM, Walking Fingers & DesignTM, YP.caTM, Find. & DesignTM, YellowPages.caTM and YP ShopwiseTM are trademarks of Yellow Pages Digital & Media Solutions Limited in Canada. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 14.18.0.0-20201208.1400
×
Listing removal
Something went wrong! Please try again.
Please fill mandatory fields.
Type the characters you see in the picture.
Important
Your listing will be removed from Canada411.ca only. This action will not affect your Print Directory and Directory Assistance listings. Please fill the form below to submit your request.
Your listing removal from Canada411.ca will be effective within two working days.
Full Name
Email
Listed phone number
Reason for listing removal
Choose
I've paid my phone company to be unlisted
Security/privacy issues
Person deceased
The listed number doesn't belong to me
Duplicate listing
Type the characters you see in the picture.
Comment
1000 char. left
Cancel
Submit
Your removal request has been successfully submitted.
Your listing removal from Canada411.ca will be effective within two working days.
Back to homepage