http://www.wordthink.com/terms-of-use/
WordThink
HomeAbout UsFavorite WordsMobilePrivacyTermsDMCARSS
Thursday December 10, 2020
Home » Terms
Terms
Radok Terms of Use
If you have any questions regarding this Terms of Use Agreement, you are encouraged to immediately contact John Tyler, Online Business Services Manager
at:
Radok Corporation
8655 East Via De Ventura, Suite G200
Scottsdale, Arizona
85258 USA
Telephone (480) 346-1260
Fax Number (480) 657-7140
contact@radok.com
By using this site, you signify your Assent and Agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Restricted Use of Materials
Materials in this website are Copyright © 1995-2012 by Radok Corporation (Radok), all rights reserved. Text, graphics, HTML code, and other intellectual property are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission.
Online content, including HTML, graphic images, linked images, copyrighted materials, and trademarks are further protected and monitored for infringement by SourceWatch.
Forum Terms of Usage & Conditions of Service; Discussion Postings
You certify that you are 13 years of age or over. All those individuals under 13 years of age will need a full release form from their parents before posting any messages. This is in compliance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act of 2000 (COPPA).
Nicknames that we feel are inflammatory, vulgar, promotional, or rude will be removed. All groups are moderated for foul language and commercialized promotional posts. Always be respectful of other users, the system, and the moderators. We put the system online in good faith, please use it in good faith.  Any heated discussion(s) must be directed to the TOPIC, not personal to another poster who may have a different opinion than yours.
Be descriptive, specific, and succinct in your postings. This way your opinion and point is clearly understood and referenced.
Links to adult content, pages with links to adult content, near adult content (including model and swimsuit sites), or messages describing anything against the law will be removed as soon as possible. Please keep your language clean and decent. This includes personal inflammatory language as well as obscenities.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
You agree not to hold Radok or its posters liable for anything stated within the forum areas.  We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been placed on any Radok-owned site.  We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time to time without notice and are retro active.
Content Ownership, License, and Use
Radok warrants, and you accept, that Radok is the owner of the copyright(s) of the online content and Links to resources available from time to time through Radok’s online operations. Radok and its contributors reserve all rights and no intellectual property rights are conferred by this agreement.
Radok grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use information accessible to you subject to these Terms and Conditions. The content may be used only for viewing information or for extracting information to the extent described below.
You agree to use information obtained from Radok’ website(s) only for your own private use or the internal purposes of your home or business, provided that you are not selling or brokering the information, and in no event cause or permit to be published, printed, downloaded, transmitted, distributed, reengineered, or reproduced in any form any part of the databases (whether directly or in condensed, selective or tabulated form) whether for resale, republishing, redistribution, viewing, or otherwise.
You may, however, on an occasional limited basis download or print out individual pages of information which have been individually selected, to meet a specific, identifiable need for information which is for your personal use only, or is for use in your business only internally, on a confidential basis. You may make such limited number of duplicates of any output, both in machine readable or hard-copy form, as may be reasonable for these purposes only. Nothing herein shall authorize you to create any database, directory or hard copy publication of or from the databases, whether for internal or external distribution or use.
Liability
The materials in this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Radok disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. And although great care is taken to assure proper, safe delivery of its web pages – Radok does not warrant that the content of materials will be uninterrupted or error-free. Radok does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Radok) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Radok be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in these sites, even if Radok or a Radok authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Radok’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Facts and information at this website are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed on the website. Changes may be made at any time without prior notice. All data provided on this website is to be used for information purposes only. The information contained on this website and pages within, is not intended to provide specific legal, financial or tax advice, or any other advice, whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard. The products and services described on these websites are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided in our websites is not all inclusive, and is limited to information that is made available to Radok and such information, specifications, images, and pricing should not be relied upon as all inclusive or accurate.
Links, Trade Names, and Marks
The owner of this site is not necessarily affiliated with sites which may be linked to this site and is not responsible for their content. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of Radok and its subsidiaries and affiliates at this website, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by Radok or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of Radok or of other entities. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying of modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal common law trademark and/or copy laws and could subject the infringing party to legal action.
Limited Use of Subscriptions, Passwords, and Other Private Information
You agree to treat as strictly private and confidential any Subscription Code, username, user ID, or password which you may have received from Radok, and all information to which you have access through password-protected areas of Radok’ websites and will not cause or permit any such information to be communicated, copied or otherwise divulged to any other person whatsoever.
Other Legal Considerations
These Terms of Use will apply to every access to every Radok site currently owned and operated by Radok Corporation.
Radok reserves the right to issue revisions to these Terms of Use by publishing a revised version of this document on this site: that version will then apply to all use by you following the date of publication. Each access of information from Radok will be a separate, discrete transaction based on the then prevailing terms.
These Terms of Use and the license granted may not be assigned or sublet by You without Radok’s written consent in advance.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, County of Maricopa, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State and County. Any action you bring to enforce this agreement or any matters related to this site shall be brought in either the State or Federal Courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona. If any provision of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
Termination
This Terms of Use Agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from any and all Radok website(s) and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice at Radok’s sole discretion, should you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any and all other Radok website(s) and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
For more information refer to our Privacy Policy.
About WordThink
WordThink provides you with a daily reminder to use many of the words you already know, and some persuasive new words you can use every day. More…
Reference
Eduro Daily Quote
Eduro provides daily quotes that are inspirational, motivating, and
thought-provoking. More…
Wikipedia Encyclopedia
Wikipedia is a multilingual, Web-based, free-content encyclopedia project.
More…
Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com is produced by Dictionary.com, a leading provider of language services.
More…
Dictionary.com
Dictionary.com is a multi-source dictionary search service produced by Dictionary.com, LLC.
More…
Merriam-Webster
Merriam-Webster is one of America's foremost publishers of language-related works.
More…
Worth a Look
Linux Consulting
Website Protection
Homemade Pizzas
WordPress Design
Italian Recipes
Scottsdale City Guide
Atlanta Repair Service
Online ShoppingAssisted Living - Scottsdale
News Channels
WordThink Mobile
Amazing Videos
Political News
Chicago City Guide
Sensational News
Sports News
Technology News
Terrorist News
Scottsdale City Guide
WordThink is Copyright © 1998-2018 by Radok Corporation.All Rights Reserved. Website Protection by SourceWatch.