http://www.etcourse.com/terms.html
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Call toll-free: 1-888-553-5333E-mail
Electronics Technician Training
Online Education Program
Terms & Conditions
Tax Receipt
The Revenue Canada certificate for income tax purposes (Form T2202) is your official income tax receipt. T2202 forms are available online February of every year for all courses taken during the preceding calendar year. In accordance with Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) regulations, T2202 forms are only issued for tuition fees totaling $100 or more. For details, visit the CRA website. Materials and administrative fees are not eligible for tax deduction. You can print out the T2202 Tax form from STU-VIEW (George Brown’s on-line Student Information System) at http://stuview.georgebrown.ca/.
The CRA now requires George Brown College to use social insurance numbers (SIN) to prepare T2202 forms. If you have not done so already, provide us with your SIN through your online student account. Once you login, click on the "Personal Information" tab then click on the "Provide Social Insurance Number (SIN)" link and follow the prompts to enter your SIN.
If you have do not have or have forgotten your STU-VIEW account password, please call our call center at 416-415-2000 (TTY 1-877-515-5559) or 1-800-265-2002 between the hours 8.00am to 6.30pm, Monday to Thursday and 8.00am to 4.30pm on Fridays.
Please have your Student ID number available when you call and be prepared to tell us exactly why you need the password. Your password will be re-activated.
If you need to request a T2202 or T2202A form for a prior year, please call 416-415-5000, ext. 4493. Please note that a $20 administration fee will apply.
How to apply for course exemptions
Distance Ed Exemption Form
Transcript requests
A transcript is a complete record of the grades you earned while attending George Brown College.
Transcripts must be requested in writing. Please provide your full name (as it was while you were in College), your student number, the years you attended, your telephone numbers (home and business), the number of copies required, the address to which you would like the documents issued, your signature and your payment (see below). If you prefer, you may download the transcript request form (PDF) or get a form from a Student Service Centre.
Please fax the request to 416-415-4289 or mail it to this address:
Academic Records
George Brown College
P.O. Box 1015, Station B
Toronto, Ontario M5T 2T9
There will be an $15 fee for each copy of your transcript.
Withdrawals, Drop and Refund Policy
To receive a tuition refund, a student must provide the Distance Education Support Services Center with a written Request to Withdraw letter no later than ten business days after receiving the course materials. There will be a $20 administration fee charged, per module, to process the refund.
Please note that there is no refund on the Interactive Learning Package web-based curriculum material. Please also note that the textbook cannot be returned for a refund.
Allow 4 to 6 weeks for processing and mail delivery of tuition refund checks. If you do not receive your tuition refund check within 6 weeks of submitting your Request to Withdraw letter please contact the Distance Education Support Services Center toll-free (1-888-553-5333).
Please include the following information in a Request to Withdraw letter:
Name
Student Number
Course Registration Number
Reason for withdrawal
Signature
A Request to Withdraw refund request letter should be emailed info@gbctechtraining.com.
Grades
You must obtain 60% or higher to successfully complete each module of each program. If this grade is not achieved students can retest on a module once, at no additional cost then must pay a $30 fee for additional retests.
A grade report will be emailed to you after each online test is completed.
Honour System Policy
Once enrolled in the Electronics Technical Certificate program you are responsible for obeying and supporting an honor system that prohibits lying, cheating, or stealing in relation to the academic practices of George Brown College. The honor system also requires you to refrain from conduct that significantly impairs the welfare or the educational opportunities of others in the George Brown College community. You are expected to do your own work in all aspects of your course.
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy
The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (1987) provides a person with a legal right of access to certain records and personal information under the control of the institutions covered by the legislation.
This act also protects the privacy of individuals with respect to personal information about themselves held by institutions.
Should you have any questions or concerns in this area, please call the Freedom of Information Co-ordinator at 416-415-5000, ext. 4646, or write to this address:
Freedom of Information Co-ordinator
George Brown College, Casa Loma campus
P.O. Box 1015, Station B
Toronto, Ontario M5T 2T9
^^