https://www.aic.edu/privacy-policy/
Click here to learn more about our limited-opening health and safety precautions >>
I am a(n)...
Prospective Student
Accepted Undergraduate Student
Current Student
Alumnus or Alumna
Faculty
Parent
Veteran
Search
Admissions
Academics
Student Life
Athletics
Visit
Apply
Give
Email Us
(800) 242-3142
American International College
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
American International College
Privacy Policy
American International College (“AIC”) is fully committed to providing an informative, useful, and engaging website for its visitors. This privacy policy sets out how AIC uses and protects any information that you give to AIC when you use AIC-controlled and operated websites as well as other information you may provide to us from time to time.
American International College is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or through other mechanisms, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What We Collect
Our web servers automatically collect information from site visitors, such as IP addresses and browser information, in order to optimize users’ web experience and analyze traffic patterns. The web servers gather information about the particulars of a visitor’s visit through the College website such as the web page from which a visitor enters the site, the pages within the site visited, how long a visitor is on the site, and other such information that will help American International College evaluate and improve its site. This information is collected and analyzed on a summary basis only. It is not personally identifiable.
Volunteered Information
We collect Personally Identifiable Information only when voluntarily provided by website users. We only receive personal information about site visitors through our online forms, when you register, subscribe, open a support ticket or otherwise enter information on our site. When using our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, social security number, date of birth or any combination of data that could be used to identify you. This information is collected for the purposes of recruitment, admission to the College, communications, academics, verification of identity, account details (e.g.: username and password) and transaction details (e.g.: when you pay tuition or make purchases).
How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for a newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better respond to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
To communicate with you, for example, about changes to terms and conditions or if you contact us with questions.
Exercising our rights, for example, to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or our Terms of Use or Terms of Service.
Confidentiality of Student Records (FERPA)
American International College adheres to a policy of compliance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).  The policy is found separately as part of the Student Handbook.
Use of “Cookies”
Cookies are small files that a site uses, or its service provider transfers to, your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow). This enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser to capture and remember certain information. For instance, they are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personal data.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Website Analytics
AIC uses a number of select third-party vendors to provide anonymous statistical data about site usage, content consumption, and sources of traffic to the websites. Such data allows the institution to quantify the popularity of content, the effectiveness of digital and non-digital advertising campaigns, and to identify patterns that could assist in optimizing paths to key features on the websites or eliminate problem areas.
Your Rights Over Your Personal Information
You have certain rights regarding the personal information we hold about you, subject to local law. These may include the right to access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our use of, or receive a portable copy in a usable electronic format of your personal information. You also may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy regulator.
Data Storage and Transfer of Information to Other Countries
AIC’s offices are located in the United States.  However, when you visit our website you acknowledge that in using our website to send electronic communications, you will be causing communications to be sent through the computer networks of AIC and our service providers, portions of which may be located within or outside the United States. By providing information through the website you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of such information to and in the United States. Such information will be subject to U.S. law, and U.S. privacy and data protection laws, which may not be equivalent to the laws in other countries.
AIC engages in a number of international activities such as study abroad programs.  In connection with those activities, AIC may transfer information to our employees or students when in other countries or to third party management companies in other countries. By submitting your information for an international activity you consent to such transfers.
General Data Protection Regulation Rights (GDPR)
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679) (also known as GDPR), if you are a resident or an individual within a European Union country, you have certain rights as a data subject that are protected by the GDPR.  AIC commits to facilitating the exercise of these rights. To request information about or avail yourself of those rights, please send an email to dataprivacy@aic.edu with “GDPR Request” in the subject line. In the email please describe, with specificity, the GDPR right for which you are requesting assistance.
Responses to Legal Requests
Although AIC makes every effort to preserve user privacy, AIC reserves the right to disclose personal information in response to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law.  This may include, but is not limited to, protection of our legal rights, protection against fraud, for risk management purposes, or to comply with a current judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
Privacy Policy Updates
AIC considers personal data privacy an ongoing responsibility and will regularly review and update our privacy policy and practices, at minimum annually.  AIC will notify you of changes to our privacy policy that affect personal data through email and a notice on our homepage (www.aic.edu).  If AIC makes any material changes to our privacy policy or practices that do not affect personal information, we will post a notice on our website.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
www.aic.edu
1000 State Street
Springfield, MA 01109
dataprivacy@aic.edu
Current Version: May 15, 2019
Previous version: imbedded in various policies or documents
© 2020 American International College
Site map
© 2020 American International College
Privacy Policy and use of CookiesWe use cookies on our website to offer a better browsing experience, analyze web traffic and personalize content. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy.
AgreeDecline
Learn more about cookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Close