https://www.greentreeschool.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Green Tree School & Services
Skip to content
(215) 866-0200
admin@gts-s.org
Search for:
HomeAbout UsDirectionsStaffAdmissionsProgramsEducational PhilosophyAutism Support ProgramEmotional Support ProgramSchool Nutrition ProgramJobsNews and EventsNewsEventsContactResourcesHealth and Safety Plan | 2020 – 2021 School YearContinuity of EducationSkyward Family Access Portal2020-21 School Calendar
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJustin Gerwick2020-08-25T14:56:05+00:00
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: Aug. 25, 2020
Salisbury Management LLC (“we,” “our,” or “us”), provides this privacy notice to describe how we collect, use, and disclose information through our websites located at www.salisburymgt.com, www.salisb.com, www.newstoryschools.com, www.pahrtners.com, www.grhorizons.com, www.greentreeschool.org, www.riverrockacademy.net  and any other websites that link to this Policy (collectively “Sites”).
Information Collection
When using our Sites, you may voluntarily provide information about yourself, including your name, age, email address, phone number, and any other information you choose to provide. We collect this information when you contact us through our Sites, register for our email subscription, or interact with us for any other purpose. If you apply for a job through our Sites, we will collect any information you provide in your application, including, but not limited to, your educational background, employment history, and references.
We collect information relating to your interactions with us and our Sites, including browser type, IP address, pages visited and other activities on our Sites, device type, and time and date of visit, and other information we collect through the use of cookies and similar technology. See the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section of this privacy notice to learn more about the use of this information and the choices available to you.
Information Use
We may use your information for any lawful purpose, including the following:
To respond to your inquiries
To operate and improve our services, including to provide better services, products, and opportunities to our customers and visitors to our Sites
To operate, personalize, and improve our Sites, including for analytics purposes
To communicate with visitors to our Sites, including to respond to your inquiries
To send surveys, promotions, and marketing materials that may be of interest to you
To comply with the law and to maintain the security of our Sites or
With your consent, or as otherwise disclosed at the time information is collected.
Information Sharing
We may share the information we collect with other parties, including the following:
Service providers or agents that perform activities for us, including vendors used for analytics, marketing, customer relationship management, and our Sites operation
As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets, including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties; and
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.
We may share information that has been anonymized or aggregated without limitation.
Digital Advertising & Analytics
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of our Sites and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of our Sites and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. Salisbury Management uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of our Sites and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Sites, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Third-Party Links and Tools
Our Sites may provide links to third-party websites or apps. We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy notice. You should review the privacy notices of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
Our Sites may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on our Sites, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy notices of the companies that provide those features. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any accounts you create and use.
Your Choices
To opt out of our email marketing, you can use the link provided at the bottom of each marketing message.
For choices with respect to third-party interest-based advertising activities, please see the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section above.
Updating Your Information
You may request to review, change, or update your contact information by emailing us at baltimoreinfo@salisburymgt.com
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
If our information practices change, we will post these changes on this page. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of any updates.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy notice, please contact us at:
Kean Quinton, Organizational Privacy Officer
Salisbury Management LLC
3710 Hempland Road, Suite 1
Mountville, PA 17554
(717) 405-3287 ext: 3715
(717) 285-9015
kquinton@salisburymgt.com
GET IN TOUCH
Green Tree Schoool & Services
1196 East Washington Lane
Philadelphia, PA 19138–1044
Main: 215.866.0200
E-mail: admin@gts-s.org
Green Tree School & Services ©
View our Privacy Policy, Online Terms and Conditions and your rights under FERPA.
Go to Top