http://www.ltu.edu/about/privacy-policy.asp
Request Info
Visit
Apply
Give Now
Privacy Statement
About
People of LTU
President
Provost
VP of Finance & Administration
VP of Marketing and Public Affairs
Board of Trustees
President Emeritus
Organization Chart [PDF]
Faculty & Staff
Institutional Memberships
Entrepreneurial Mindset
History
Overview
Fast Facts
Chappy Airplane
Leader Testimonials
Campus Map
Strategic Plan
Mission and Values
Southfield Michigan Area
Consumer Information
Lawrence Technological University is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of its website and services. This privacy statement describes how Lawrence Technological University collects and uses the personal information you provide on our public websites and the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information.
Why does Lawrence Technological University need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with Lawrence Technological University services, we sometimes need to collect personal data to process activities such as your student applications, activities upon admission; for your accounts and in aggregate form, to track and analyze site usage.
In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for these purposes, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
How we use your Information
The personal information that Lawrence Technological University collects will depend on how you are using Lawrence Technological University websites and services.
We may collect personally identifiable information through correspondence you send to us through applications for admissions, optional surveys we may post on Lawrence Technological University Websites, and in connection with statements you may post on any Lawrence Technological University-related page on social networking sites.
We may also use Google Analytics to collect web site usage data for analysis. Google Analytics uses cookies to track user sessions to collect navigation patterns but never includes names, usernames, or email addresses. Individual IP addresses are collected, but they are not associated with individual users. You may prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac), and the domain name of your Internet service provider
To facilitate a payment order through Lawrence Technological University, we may collect your name, postal address, email address and other necessary transactional information. We collect but do not store your credit card details processed through our third party service providers PayPal, Blackbaud Merchant Services (BBMS), CardConnect, and iATS.
To enable your access to the Lawrence Technological University services, we may collect information concerning the your internet protocol address, your username and password, or other authentication methods, such as Shibboleth
In some instances, Lawrence Technological University may be legally obligated to collect and provide your personally identifiable information to third parties such as the Department of Homeland Security. In such cases, the privacy policy governing the collection of your personally identifiable information shall be as set forth in such third parties’ privacy policies.
Use of Cookies
Lawrence Technological University employs “cookie” technology. Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on your computer and act as a tool for controlling certain system variables and storing system configuration information in the WWW environment. Lawrence Technological University uses cookies to store user preferences for viewing and printing, regional and geographical information connected to an IP address, and to store authentication information. We do not use cookies to identify what other sites you have visited; however, we do use certain tools to understand the flow of traffic to and from Lawrence Technological University websites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. Third party service providers may use cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, but those cookies are not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies, if used. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy HERE.
How will Lawrence Technological University use the personal data it collects about me?
Lawrence Technological University will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner that is compatible with regulatory and legitimate uses. We will endeavor to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. Lawrence Technological University is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Will Lawrence Technological University share my personal data with anyone else?
Lawrence Technological University (LTU) may work with other organizations. We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Lawrence Technological University in the course of dealing with you. We may also release your information to fulfill legal provisions. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to provide specific services for us, such as credit card and application processing, to complete your requests. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
Under what circumstances will Lawrence Technological University contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to reasonable measures and procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure.
Access, Erasure, and Correction
Upon request LTU will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you would like to review, delete or update your information, you may contact us using the contact information below. We will permit correction, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate. We will respond to your request to privacy@ltu.edu within a reasonable timeframe. Please note, because of the way we maintain certain services, legal regulations require certain information to be retained plus residual copies of modified information may take a period of time before they are modified on active servers and may remain in our backup systems.You will need to provide sufficient information, such as your name and other possible identifying information, as a security precaution.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account). We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at privacy@ltu.edu. General website questions can be directed to webmgr@ltu.edu. Or by mail at
Lawrence Technological UniversityOffice of Marketing and Public Affairs 21000 West Ten Mile RoadSouthfield, MI, 48075-1058 1 800 CALL LTU 1-800-225-5588 (1 800 225 5588)
Last updated on 05/23/2018
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better experience. For information on LTU's cookie policy, please visit this page.
By continuing to use the site or closing this banner, you are agreeing to our terms of use.
×
×
Request Info
Get Personalized Information Based on your Interests
Lawrence Technological University has created a personalized, easy-access web site for prospective students.
You can start by setting up your own VIP interest page. Based on your unique interests and needs, we will communicate directly with you about events and other important information you might like to know.
To create your VIP interest page, choose the level of admissions you are seeking:
Undergraduate
Graduate
Contact us today.
248.204.3160
800.225.5588
admissions@ltu.edu
We look forward to hearing from you!
×
Heading
×
Heading
×
× close
Heading
[Read more ]