https://www.wcml.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact us
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Visit the Library
Visiting the Library
Finding WCML
Keeping you safe when you visit
Our Building
Explore Our Collections
Introduction
Take advantage from home of these WCML resources
Working lives - and workers' organisations
Bakers
Blacksmiths
Boilermakers
Brushmakers
Ceramics workers
Clerks and secretaries
Cotton workers
Engineering and electrical work
Footwear, hosiery and knitwear trades
Furniture and timber
Gasworkers
Graphical trades
Manchester and Salford Women's Trade Union Council
Miners
Municipal workers
National League of the Blind and Disabled
Plasterers
Railway workers
Shipwrights
Silk workers
Stonemasons
Tailors
The Co-operative movement
Protest, politics and campaigning for change
Big Flame
Black and Asian struggles
Chartist movement
Communism
Fabian Society
Fascist and anti-fascist material
General strikes
Gerrard Winstanley and the English Diggers
Grunwick
Independent Labour Party (ILP)
Lancashire Women against Pit Closures
Liberation and its archives at the Library
Luddites
No Conscription Fellowship
Peace
Peterloo Massacre
Pit and factory papers
Unemployment
Votes for women
Creativity and culture
Art
Drama and literature
Music
Leisure
Activists
Frank Allaun
Edward Aveling
Teresa Billington-Greig
Margaret Bondfield
Bessie Braddock
Barbara Castle
John S Clarke
James Connolly
William Cuffay
William Davidson
Fanny Deakin
Jayaben Desai
Charlotte Despard
Len Dole
Alice Foley
Katharine Bruce Glasier
Winifred Holtby
CLR James
Len Johnson
Ernest Jones
Annie Kenney
Mary Macarthur
Ewan MacColl
Tom Mann
Harriet Martineau
Eleanor Marx
James Maxton
Dora Montefiore
JWT Newbold
Ada Nield Chew
Thomas Paine
Adela Pankhurst
Sylvia Pankhurst
Emma Paterson
Harry Pollitt
Mary Quaile
Ernie Roberts
Benny Rothman
Jessie Stephen
Will Thorne
Angela Tuckett
Francis Fletcher Vane
Ellen Wilkinson
Mary Wollstonecraft
Activists in 2012
Tape recordings
International
India
Ireland
Union of Democratic Control
Pan African Congress
Spanish Civil War
Yuri Gagarin in Manchester
Black and Asian history
Family history
Learning resources
KS2-3 resources
KS3-4+ Citizenship resources
KS3-4+ History resources
History soundbites
Object of the Moment
2020
2019
Objects of the Month 2018
Objects of the Month 2017
Objects of the month 2016
Objects of the Month 2015
Objects of the Month 2014
Objects of the Month 2013
Objects of the Month 2012
Objects of the Month 2011
Objects of the Month 2010
Objects of the Month 2009
Search the Catalogue
Catalogue Introduction
Catalogue search
About Us
Who we are and what we do
Our newsletter Shelf Life
Annual report 2019-2020
Annual report 2018-2019
Annual report 2017-2018
Annual report 2016-2017
Annual report 2015-2016
Annual report 2014-2015
Annual report
2013-2014
Annual report
2012-2013
Annual report 2011-2012
Annual report
2010-2011
Annual report
2009-2010
Annual report
2008-2009
Press releases
If you are thinking of donating material to the Library
Projects
Begin the World Over Again
Bones of Paine
Voting for Change - a Collecting Cultures project
Invisible Histories From World War One
Unlocking Ideas Worth Fighting For
Salford oral history project
Shop
Our Founders - Ruth and Eddie Frow
Travels with a Caravan
Links
Hi to the HiDDEN
200 years of working class movement activism
Thomas Paine and 'Rights of Man'
Irish Rebellion
Tolpuddle
Rochdale Pioneers
Kennington Common Chartist meeting
Manchester Martyrs
First meeting of the TUC
Fall of the Paris Commune
Foundation of the ILP
Creation of the Labour Party
Formation of the Plebs League
Cat and Mouse Act
First Labour government
General Strike
Red Megaphones first performance
Kinder Scout mass trespass
Education Act
Nationalisation of the mines
Birth of the NHS
Hungarian Uprising
Aldermaston March and birth of CND
Prague Spring
Upper Clyde Shipbuilders
Falklands War
Nelson Mandela's release from prison
Good Friday agreement
Introduction of the National Minimum Wage
Stop the War campaign
People's Assembly
What's On
Events
Get Involved
Radical Sounds
Become a volunteer
What the library means to me
Be a Radical Reader
Other ways to support us
I would like to make a donation now
I'd like to make a regular donation
I'd like to make a gift in my will
Spreading the word
Trade union supporters
Blog
What's on
Donate
Home Privacy Policy
Last updated:03 May 2018
Privacy Policy
In line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018, the Working Class Movement Library (WCML) takes your privacy seriously and will ensure that your personal data is safe and kept confidential.
This Privacy Policy outlines how and why we use your personal information; the terms of this statement may change, so please check it from time to time.
Background
The objective of the Library is to develop, promote and use its collections to help the Working Class, defined in the broad sense as “those who contribute their labour without owning its output” both to understand its history and to learn from it in order to organise for its future advancement socially, politically and economically.
The collection and retention of any information relating to individuals will be for the sole purpose of pursuing and assisting in the pursuit of the objective outlined above.
What do we use your information for?
The lawful basis that we use for processing the data is that either:
You have given us your consent
Or
The processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by the Data Controller (WCML). In this case the legitimate interest is to carry out the objectives of the organisation.
a) Supporter information
The specific purpose of retaining personal information shall be to:
Maintain a record of those undertaking voluntary work on behalf of WCML and those wishing to be associated with the Library as Friends or supporters.
Enable us to keep Friends, volunteers, and supporters informed about the Library via a quarterly news sheet.
Keep a record of individuals, or individuals acting on behalf of organisations, making donations in support of the Library.
From time to time seek support, including financial, from our Friends and supporters.
Inform Friends, volunteers and supporters of Library events and activities.
Information relating to individual supporters shall be deleted not more than three years after that person has ceased to pay a subscription to the Library, but sooner if expressly wished.
Data which identifies an individual’s trade union membership will only be held when the name has been supplied to us as the contact for a trade union branch/regional/national affiliation.
b) Reader information
WCML holds reader contact details for two years, solely in order to communicate with readers in relation to the material they have studied at the Library, and their potential wider research interests.  There is also a legal requirement for us to retain for seven years copyright and camera use forms containing reader contact information.
c) Web site visitor information
WCML collects the following information regarding visitors to our Web site: IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed.  We may use this information to generate anonymous reports on the usage of our Web site which may inform marketing campaigns or bids for funding.  If you have given us permission to email you by signing up via the Web site to our e-bulletin, we use this information solely to send you copies of those e-bulletins. If you ever wish to unsubscribe from these, our mailings have an unsubscribe link included.
Does WCML use cookies on its Web site?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information that are sent to your computer by WCML when you log on to our Web site. They are stored on your computer's hard drive, allowing us to recognise you as a user when you next visit.
If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer, it is possible for you to disable this function. However, if you choose to do this, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.
For full details see our cookie policy page.
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of my information?
When you give WCML personal information we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc) may be transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, WCML cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, WCML is committed to taking all required steps to ensure its security on our systems.
With whom will we share your personal data?
No information relating to any individual will be passed to a third party without the express permission of the individual concerned.  The only exception to this is that in some circumstances the law requires us to disclose information to another party. An example is the reclaim of tax on Gift Aid.  If you Gift Aid a donation, then we are required to tell HMRC the name, house number and postcode of the donor and the date(s) and amount(s) of any such donation, and to retain that information for six years.
In the course of our work we use third party Web sites (regularly Eventbrite, Facebook, Google Analytics, Mailchimp, Paypal and Twitter). We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party Web sites.
Your rights
The new law gives you certain rights and you can read these in full at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protectionregulation-gdpr/.
You are entitled to see information we hold on you. This is called a Subject Access Request. You need to put your request in writing. You will also need to prove to us your identity, by supplying original or notarised ID. It is important that you prove your identity before we can send you any details. If you require this information please email  enquiries @ wcml.org.uk.
You can also:
• Withdraw your consent by asking us to stop emailing you
• Ask us to update our records
• Ask us to consider a request from you to stop processing your data (please note that activities like processing Gift Aid donations, or the fact that we hold material in our collection that you have donated to us, may mean we cannot entirely stop processing your data)
• Complain or discuss the way that we are handling your information.
For any of these requests, or to see a copy of WCML’s detailed collection and retention processes for different categories of information, please email enquiries @ wcml.org.uk.
You can also seek further advice from the Information Commissioner’s Office; details are at https://ico.org.uk.
Does WCML review its privacy policy?
WCML reserves the right to amend this privacy policy. You are advised to visit this page periodically to keep up-to-date with any changes made to this policy.
April 2018
Also in this section