http://www.nesl.edu/privacy-policy
Skip To The Main Content
Privacy Policy
In This Section
Home
Privacy Policy
By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance to this privacy policy.
Information We Collect
New England Law | Boston and our third-party vendors collect information about your use of this website such as IP address and browser type, page views, and sessions. We use the information collected to understand how visitors are using the website and to improve user experience.
This site may use cookies to carry data about your current session from one web page to the next, and to identify you to the site between visits. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or set your browser to ask you before accepting a new cookie.
New England Law | Boston will not collect personal information such as a name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number unless you specifically provide us with that information voluntarily. Occasionally, we will request personal information from you in order to deliver requested materials and respond to your questions. When you provide this information, you grant New England Law | Boston the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information. New England Law | Boston retains personal information on file but does not share, sell, or license this information with third parties or external vendors unless required to do so by legal, judicial, or governmental proceedings.
Please note that e-mail is considered a non-encrypted (and therefore non-secure) form of communication, and it can be accessed and viewed by others without your knowledge and permission. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use e-mail to communicate information that you consider confidential.
Data Security
New England Law | Boston makes every effort to ensure that your personal information remains as secure as possible.
Although we endeavor to protect your personal information, New England Law | Boston cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through online applications, and you do so at your own risk. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication could be discarded or archived. If you wish, you can contact us instead by telephone at the numbers provided throughout our site.