http://www.adbh.co.uk/25-site/25-privacy
Friday, 11th December 2020
You are here: Home
Site
Privacy
ADBH PhotosPrivacyCopyright
© Copyright ADBH Web
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all rights including those in copyright in the content of this website are owned by or controlled for these purposes by ADBH Web.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law the content of this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way without first obtaining written permission from ADBH Web.
PrivacyEU Cookie Law
On 26th May 2012, all UK websites will need to comply with the new EU E-Privacy Directive 2009/136/EC. Cookies are only a small part of this directive, and whilst you are still allowed to use cookies on a website, it must be made clear to visitors to your site that cookies are being used. A message or warning must be displayed so that the visitor is aware of them.
Cookies Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
On this website, cookies record information about your online preferences and your experience to be tailored to your interests. During the course of any visit, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
This sites use of cookies
Information supplied by cookies can be used to analyse the profile of our visitors and help to provide you with a better user experience.Use of Third Party Cookies on this site
Please note that during your visits to this website you may notice some unrelated cookies. These are from adverts such as Google's adsense and analytics's, this site does not control the cookies disseminated from them . You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
How to reject cookies
If you don't want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Personal Data
This site does not collect or store any personal data.
ADBH PhotosCananiesRhodes
Designed by ADBH.