http://www.edase.com/en/privacypolicy/
English
Login
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Online Classes
About us
Vision & Mission
Our Language Institute
Our Students
Team
Locations
IIC Santo Domingo
The School
Santo Domingo – The City
IIC Sosua/Cabarete
The School
Sosua – The City
Programs
Programs for You
Programs for your Group
Programs for Professionals
Volunteer Work
Culture & Dance
Dive & Surf
Lodging
Santo Domingo
Student Residence
Host Family
Economy Hotel
Mid-range Hotel
Sosua
Student Residence
Economy Hotel
Mid-range Hotel
Private Apartments
Prices
Enrollment
Contact Us
Gallery
News
Activities
IIC Sosua/Cabarete
IIC Santo Domingo
Home » Privacy Policy
Liability Exclusion
We are not able to guarantee that all information on this website is complete, correct and up to date at all times. This especially applies to website links, whether they are leading directly or indirectly from the IIC website.
Links on the IIC website to websites of third parties are only meant to be a service of the IIC for our clients. The IIC has no control, at all, over design and content of any linked websites. Neither the IIC approves of their contents nor shall there be given the impression of a connection between the IIC and those contents. The liability for the content of those websites that link directly from the IIC website rests solely with the original website providers.
Hinweispflicht zu Cookies
Webseitenbetreiber müssen, um Ihre Webseiten DSGVO konform zu publizieren, ihre Besucher auf die Verwendung von Cookies hinweisen und darüber informieren, dass bei weiterem Besuch der Webseite von der Einwilligung des Nutzers
in die Verwendung von Cookies ausgegangen wird.
Der eingeblendete Hinweis Banner dient dieser Informationspflicht.
Sie können das Setzen von Cookies in Ihren Browser Einstellungen allgemein oder für bestimmte Webseiten verhindern.
Eine Anleitung zum Blockieren von Cookies finden Sie
hier.
WordPress Plugin Entwicklung von
BST Software
We use cookies to improve the user-friendliness of the website. Through your visit, you agree with that.
I agree
More informations