http://www.mylife.com/privacy-policy/
Home
MYLIFE.COM, INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: June 22, 2020
Effective Date: June 22, 2020
MyLife.com, Inc. ("we", "us", "our", or "MyLife") recognizes the importance of consumer privacy and we take this issue seriously. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") desribes our privacy practices with respect to the Personal Information (as defined below) collected by our website and mobile application (collectively, the "Services").
This Policy — together with the User Agreement, which sets out other important terms regarding your use of the Services — describes how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information on or through the Services. In addition, MyLife's mobile app is also subject to the terms and conditions contained in in Apple Inc.'s App Store or Google's Android Market, as applicable.
This Policy does not describe the practices of third party websites or apps that are not operated by MyLife. It also does not describe our practices for information we collect offline or from our employees or business contacts.
If you are a California consumer, you may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") and other California laws. Please click here to review our California Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
MyLife and its service providers may collect, and may have collected in the 12 months prior to the date of this Policy, certain Personal Information from you and about you, which may depend upon on your interaction with us. For purposes of this Policy, "Personal Information" is data specifically about you. Personal Information does not include anonymized, aggregated or combined information, which includes data that is related to you but is either deidentified or studied as a group and anonymized so that it does not identify you specifically. In addition, for purposes of the California Privacy Policy below, Personal Information does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made availble from federal, state or local government records.
We may collect your contact information. We may collect your name, street address, phone number, cell phone number, fax number, and email address. Examples of how this information may be collected include when you register for our Services or use the Facebook Connect feature.
We may collect your payment information. If you make a purchase with us, we collect your payment card information, including your credit or debit card number, expiration date, other financial account details, payment history, and billing address.
We may collect your demographic information. We may collect demographic information such as your gender and age. We may also collect information regarding your ethnicity, relationship status, and political preference. We may collect characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex and marital status. Examples of how this information may be collected include when you use the Facebook Connect feature.
We may collect your registration information. We may collect information you use to register for our Services. For example, we may collect your User ID, login name, screen name, nickname, and password.
We may collect information you post or submit, including to social media. We may collect your social media account IDs, profile information, and information you publicly post or submit on social media, such as on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. In addition, if you use the Facebook Connect feature, we may collect additional information from you, such as your likeness, physical characteristics, profile pictures and live stream feeds, and other information that you post on Facebook.
We may collect details regarding your background or preferences, such as your interests, nicknames, and favorite quotes. We may collect information about your education and employment history.
We may collect your browser or device information. We may collect information about your browser or device that you utilize to use our Services, including browser/device type and unique device identifier (UDID). We may also collect your IP address as well as your geographic location through your IP address.
We may collect information regarding your contacts. If you provide permission for our mobile app to access your mobile device contacts, we may collect information from your contacts list on your mobile device to look up information for you.
We may collect your background information. In addition to the demographic information referenced above, we may collect records relating to your criminal history, court cases, traffic infractions, and civil lawsuits.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We and our service providers may collect your information in a variety of ways, including:
Voluntary Submissions. We collect Personal Information from you when you elect to voluntarily provide it to us. For example, we collect Personal Information when you register and create an account with MyLife ("Member"). The information you provide during the registration process allows MyLife to create a unique profile for you on the Services (your "Member Profile"). We also collect Personal Information when you contact us through our Services. We collect Personal Information if you directly request information or assistance from us, inquire about the Services, or send us an e-mail. We also collect Personal Information if you connect via a Social Network API, including Facebook Connect, submit a payment, or complete other online forms. We also collect Personal Information if you add or update information in your Member Profile, invite contacts to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature, or perform people searches through our Who's Searching for You® feature.
Testimonials. We may also provide you with the opportunity to share your reviews, thoughts, or comments regarding your relationship with MyLife. Such testimonial information may include your personal experiences with our products or services and related Personal Information that you choose to submit through the Services. In the event you elect to do so, we will request your permission before publicly posting any Personal Information contained therein on the Services. You can also request that we remove your testimonial any time by contacting Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section.
Facebook Connect and Other Social Network APIs. If you use the Facebook Connect function to import information or to create your Member Profile, Facebook profile information will not be imported into your Member Profile without your consent. You can edit and/or update this information on the MyLife website whenever you choose by going to the Edit section of your profile and adjusting the information as you wish.
Please note that if you choose to provide us with Personal Information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority from such people to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy. You should also be aware that any Personal Information you submit through public areas of the Services (e.g., blogs, forums, people search pages, etc.) can be viewed, collected, and possibly used by others. We encourage you to refrain from disclosing Personal Information within such public areas of the Services that you do not wish to share. If you would like additional details regarding the areas of the Services that may be publicly accessible, please contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section.
Third-Party Sources and Publicly Available Information. We may acquire Personal Information about you from other sources, such as: people who provide reviews or information about you, public databases (e.g., government sources), marketing and contracting partners, social media platforms, aggregators of data, people with whom you are friends or have otherwise connected on social media platforms, and other third parties. We may append such information we acquire from third party sources to the Member's profile.
Although MyLife will not create a Member Profile for you unless you request that we do so, we also maintain a database of public domain information we have licensed from third-party sources for display and resale on the Internet. Please note that we may use this information to create public profiles for non-Members ("Public Profiles"), as well as to allow Members to add to their existing Member Profiles. Members and non-Members can use the Services to search for individuals from their past using various parameters, and the results of their searches may include public domain information from Public Profiles and/or Member Profiles. If people search for you on the Internet (e.g., through a third-party search engine like Google or Yahoo!), their search results may also include links to your Public Profile and/or Member Profile on the Services. Additional information regarding the choices and controls that may be available to you with respect to your Member Profile and/or Public Profile can be found in the Your Choices and Control section of this Policy. A Member may take control of their Public Profile anytime by claiming the Public Profile.
Referral Information. If you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about the Services, we will ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address. MyLife will automatically send your friend an e-mail inviting him or her to visit the Services, as well as two additional reminder e-mails if he or she does not respond to our initial e-mail. MyLife stores this information on our systems and may use it for purposes such as: sending the referral e-mails you request, tracking the success of our referral program, locating contacts across the Internet, and provide information to you regarding your referrals or friends (e.g., background information).
Passive Collection. We collect information about users over time when you use the Services. This includes usage and browser information. We may have third parties collect information this way. We automatically collect and store certain information in our server log files each time a user accesses the Services. This information may include computer or device IP address, Internet browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We may collect this information through the use of tracking tools such as cookies and web beacons on our website and in our emails that we send to you:
Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are based on your Internet activity and stored on the hard drive of your computer by your Internet browser when you visit a website. Through the use of cookies, we are able to collect traffic, usage, and other similar information about your interactions with the Services (such as the time you spent using the Services, the specific portions of the Services that you use or visit, and language preferences), and information about your computer or device that allows us to facilitate your use of the Services (such as to display information more efficiently).
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies. A web beacon (sometimes referred to as a "pixel tag" or a "clear GIF") is a programming code that can be used to display an image on a website, e-mail, or other communication. Web beacons are typically one-pixel, transparent images and are used to transfer an individual's unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database in order to associate that individual with previously acquired information about him/her in a database. They allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that accesses the website on which the beacon appears, the URL of that website, the time that the website was viewed, the type of browser used to view such a website, and the information contained in any cookies set by the third party.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING; TRACKING; THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS
MyLife has relationships with certain third-party service providers who place advertisements on our behalf on other websites, perform tracking and other similar functions for the Services and our advertisements, and assist us in providing you with customer support. We may share information with these companies in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy. In addition, they may automatically collect information about your interaction with the Services through the use of tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. Among other things, this information is typically used to present you with advertisements tailored to your interests and better understand how the Services are being used.
The use of tracking technologies by third parties on the Services is governed by their respective privacy policies, and is not controlled by this Policy. Some of these third-party companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers additional information regarding cookies and web beacons, as well as a single location to opt out of interest-based advertising from member companies (www.networkadvertising.com). You may also opt out of the use of certain cookies by MyLife's third-party advertising partners by visiting http://www.privacychoice.org/companies or http://aboutads.info/choices. If you would like more information about interest-based advertising on the Services and to know your choices about not having this information used by our advertising partners, please click here.
We work with third party analytics service providers, including but not limited to Google Analytics and VWO, to help us better understand how our users use our Services.
For example, we use Google Analytics to learn more about the types of users that visit or use our website and to help improve our Services. Google Analytics provides us with certain data regarding the demographics of the users that visit our website. To provide this service, Google Analytics may collect certain information about you from your computer, including but not limited to: information regarding your visit (such as the pages you visit and the length of your visit), information about your device (such as your IP address), how you got to our website, and other information about you. You can learn more about Google Analytics and how it collects and processes data (including how to control the information sent to Google) by visiting: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt-out of Google Analytics by using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/, or by disabling cookies on your browser.
We also use VWO to learn more about our how users interact with our Services. If you wish to opt out of tracking from VWO on our website, please visit https://www.mylife.com/?vwo_opt_out=1. Please note this setting is browser-specific and the opt-out will be effective in the current browser you are using. Your visits may continue to be tracked on other browsers or in incognito mode.
Certain web browsers may provide a do-not-track (the "DNT") option. You may be able to request that your browser information websites that you do not wish your activities to be tracked, either with cookies or other persistent identifiers, commonly called "DNT signals". The Services currently do not respond to DNT signals.
COMBINING INFORMATION
We may combine information that we have collected over time and across other third party sites. We may also combine information across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. We may combine information we receive from a third party with information we already have. We may also combine non-Personal information we collect through the Services with Personal Information (such as the Member's name). If we do so, MyLife will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy for as long as it is remains combined and identifies you as a particular individual.
Occasionally, MyLife will combine Personal Information and other data to create de-identified information about groups or particular types of individuals that access the Services. For example, we may aggregate Personal Information from many different users to calculate the percentage of our total user base who have a particular area code. Such aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Services as an individual and is not considered to be Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
MyLife uses the information we collect about you in order to, among other things:
Confirm and complete the transactions you request and provide you with requested information or services
Establish a Member account for you
Verify your identity in conection with our identification verification services
Process payment for services you purchase
Respond to your inquiries, resolve any problems or disputes with you, and provide you with other customer service support
Communicate with you about your interactions with the Services, your MyLife account, this Policy, the User Agreement, and other applicable agreements and policies
Provide you with promotional offers, administrative materials, and other related content (including interest-based advertising)
Compile background reports (such as criminal or court records) and profiles as part of the Services and for sale to others
Operate, monitor, manage, improve, and expand the Services and/or our business activities
Develop, enhance, and market our products and services or the products and services of third parties
Analyze trends, administer the Services, track user activities on the Services, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole
Undertake internal research for technological development, market research and demonstration
Personalize your content and experiences on the Services
Enable you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or promotions upon your request (note that these activities may be sponsored by third parties and additional rules or disclosures may apply to the treatment of your Personal Information. We encourage you to carefully read the terms and conditions applicable to any sweepstakes, contests, or promotions prior to enrolling.)
Conduct audits related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards
Facilitate social sharing, messaging, or other similar functionalities on the Services
Protect the rights or property of MyLife or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, the User Agreement, and other applicable agreements and policies)
Protect our company, customers, and Services from security threats
Comply with legal, law enforcement or other regulatory requirements
We may also use your information as otherwise permitted by law, or as we may notify you, with prior consent to use your information in such a manner. For example, we may use Personal Information in accordance with disclosures made available to you when you submit that information through the Services, or as otherwise disclosed in this Policy.
SHARING AND SALE OF YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share and/or sell each of the categories of Personal Information above with third parties. However, we do not sell the Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
Authorized Disclosures to Specific Third Parties. We may disclose your information to third parties when you consent. For example, if you choose to co-register with our business partners when you become a Member, we will share your information with our business partners.
Business Partners and Other Third Parties. We may share information with our business partners and other third parties if we believe they have an offer that would be of interest to you and you have provided us with consent to do so. You may also be presented with additional opportunities to receive information and/or marketing materials from third parties when you interact with the Services. Please note that any information you elect to disclose to such entities will be subject to their established privacy practices, as MyLife is unable to control the privacy practices of third parties. We encourage you to always review the applicable privacy policies and terms of use maintained by third parties prior to disclosing information to them. In the event you do elect to receive promotional materials from third parties and later decide that you no longer wish to receive communications from that entity, you will need to contact the relevant third party directly to change your preferences. If you are a California resident and would like to learn about how you can opt out of the sale of this information, please see the Notice to California Residents section below.
Legal Disclosures. We may share your Personal Information in response to requests by government authorities, law enforcement agencies, or otherwise needed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as in response to a warrant, subpoena, or court order. This includes U.S. and non-U.S. law enforcement or regulatory authorities.
Security and Fraud Investigation. MyLife may also share your Personal Information with third parties if we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety (including the enforcement of this Policy, the User Agreement, and any other applicable agreements and policies), or to protect the rights, property, or safety of third parties. We may share information if we are investigating potential fraud.
Agents and Service Providers. MyLife may disclose Personal Information to our third-party agents and service providers so that they can perform requested services on our behalf. For example, we may engage third parties to assist with: website hosting, website analytics, data analysis, marketing efforts, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, credit card processing, auditing, legal services, and other similar services. These entities are generally prohibited from using such information for purposes unrelated to providing MyLife with the requested services.
Change of Control Transactions. We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business or in connection with a similar business deal (such as a merger or acquisition, financing, sale of assets, transition of service to another provider, insolvency, receivership, or a bankruptcy transaction or proceeding). For example, if part of our business is sold, we may include Personal Information as part of that transaction.
Messaging and Social Sharing. We may disclose your information to identify you to anyone to whom you choose to send messages through the Services (e.g., contacts that you invite to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature). In addition, if you choose to engage in social sharing activity (e.g., linking your social media account to your account on the Services), we may disclose your information to friends and contacts associated with your social media account, other website users, and your social media account provider. By linking your MyLife account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider and acknowledge and agree that the shared information will be governed by the applicable third party's privacy policy. You should not connect your social media account with your MyLife account or otherwise engage in social sharing on the Services if you would prefer that your information not be disclosed in this manner.
Public Submissions. Information and materials you submit to public areas of the Services, such as message boards, profile pages, blogs, and forums, will become public information that may be available to users of the Services and to the general public. For example, if you create, claim, or register a Public Profile through the Services, the information associated with your Public Profile, including Personal Information, may be disclosed to Members and non-Members through the Services, as well as through third-party search engines and similar online services. We urge you to be careful when deciding to make Personal Information publicly accessible on the Internet, including through the public portions of the Services. Your submissions are subject to our User Agreement.
Who's Searching for You®. If you search for another person while logged into the Services, we may share your search with third parties via our Who's Searching for You® feature. This functionality allows MyLife to notify Members whenever a people search is submitted through the Services for somebody with a matching name, as well as who was responsible for initiating the search in question. MyLife may also notify Members in a similar manner if their profiles have been viewed by somebody while logged into the Services. If you do not want your search(es) to be made public, you can delete it anytime from the saved searches page. Once the search is deleted, Members will not be notified and will not see your search(es).
Non-Personal Information. MyLife may collect, use, and share information that is not Personal Information in any manner not otherwise prohibited by this Policy, without additional notice or compensation to you.
We may also share information for other reasons that we may describe to you.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL
Profile Information. Members who are interested in accessing, correcting, or updating the Personal Information in their Member Profiles (including any information populated via social sharing functionality) can generally do so at any time through the Services.
MyLife also offers non-Members the ability to access, correct, or update the Personal Information in their Public Profiles by first claiming or registering the Public Profile in question through the Services' Public Profile claiming feature. This feature enables individuals to take control of their Public Profiles by reasonably verifying their identity to MyLife. For example, you can answer a few simple questions or provide us with a valid credit card to confirm your name and address (note that your credit card will not be charged during this process). Once it has been successfully claimed, a Public Profile can be edited or updated — including the fields of data that are displayed. Additional details regarding how to claim a Public Profile, as well as answers to commonly asked questions (such as what to do if information is inaccurate) can be found in the HELP section.
If you would like to request that we remove a Member Profile or a Public Profile from our active databases or claim ownership of a Member Profile, simply visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST. Upon receipt of any such request, we will take reasonable steps to validate that you are the correct owner of the profile that is the subject of your request. This precaution is designed to protect our users and their privacy, and may require us to contact you for confirmation purposes. Following verification of profile ownership, we will take reasonable steps to remove a profile from public display on the Website, however some portions of the information contained in your profile may remain in our backup systems.
Postings. If you are a resident of California who is under 18 years old, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services by writing to support@mylife.com. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Communication Preferences. If you elect to register for the Services, we and our partners may contact you with promotional offers and other similar correspondences. MyLife provides Members with the ability to change their communication preferences at any time. Among other things, you may use this option to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails or postal mail from us and our partners.
In addition to such promotional e-mails, MyLife offers all Members access to e-mail newsletters and e-mail updates for such purposes as announcing special offers, new features on the Services and account activity. These communications may contain promotional materials, including offers from our marketing partners. Members may opt-out of receiving e-mail newsletters or updates that contain promotional material by following the "unsubscribe" procedures at the bottom of the relevant communication. Alternatively, you may change your notification settings by visiting the "Email Notification Settings" page.
If you opt out of getting marketing messages, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us, such as messages about your relationship with us, where permitted by law.
If you are a non-Member and are receiving MyLife marketing e-mails from which you would like to opt-out, please simply follow the "unsubscribe" procedures at the bottom of the relevant communication. Non-Members can also unsubscribe from all future MyLife e-mail communications by contacting Customer Care. Please note that it may take us seven to ten days to process opt-out requests.
Mobile App. You can control tools on your mobile devices. You can stop future collection of information through the the mobile application by uninstalling the moblie application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at privacy@MyLife.com. Please allow sufficient time for us to process your request.
DATA SECURITY
Information collected through the Services is submitted to MyLife and/or our service providers, and is hosted and stored by us (or by service providers on our behalf) in databases on servers situated in the United States and/or internationally. By providing us with information through the Services, you consent to the processing of such information in any and all such locations, including the United States, which may have different data protection laws than those of your country of residence.
Your privacy is very important to MyLife. To help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we have implemented appropriate and reasonable security measures as required by relevant law. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Services will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, or you would simply like additional information regarding how we store and protect data, please visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST.
It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password on the Services. You are responsible for all uses of your password, whether or not such use has been authorized by you. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your MyLife account, visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST immediately.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
MyLife understands the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive world. We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit or collect data from or market to children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If you are a child under 13 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself to us through the Services. The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18.
In the event that MyLife becomes aware that we have collected Personal Information directly from any child without parental consent, we will dispose of that information in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other applicable laws and regulations. Any parent or guardian who becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent should promptly contact Customer Care toll-free at 888-466-1066 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services and certain communications you receive from MyLife may contain links to websites and/or other online content that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of any such third-party websites or online services are not covered by this Policy. MyLife cannot control the treatment of your information by these third parties, and their privacy practices likely differ from those described in the Policy. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy practices of any such third parties prior to disclosing any Personal Information to them. If you have any questions regarding their collection, use, or disclosure of your information, you must contact the relevant third party directly.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or our privacy practices for the Services, please contact us at:
MyLife.com, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
907 Westwood Blvd. (#359)
Los Angeles, CA 90024-2905
You can also contact us via e-mail at privacy@MyLife.com, or by calling our Customer Care team at 888-466-1066. Please note that e-mail communications are not always secure; accordingly, we request that you do not include credit card details or other sensitive information in your e-mails to us.
POLICY UPDATES
MyLife may revise and update this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting the new Policy with the last revised date (and, for the mobile application, providing an alert upon opening the application). You are advised to consult this Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
CCPA RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") provides consumers who are California residents with certain rights to their Personal Information. This Section explains those rights. If you are a Member, user, or website visitor who is a California consumer and would like to exercise any of those rights, please see information listed under How to Exercise Your Rights below.
For purposes of this Section, a "California consumer" is a natural person who resides in California, and does not include persons to the extent they are (i) acting as an employee, owner, director, officer or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit or government agency that is doing business with MyLife or (ii) acting as a job applicant to, an employee of, owner of, director of, officer of, medical staff member of, or contractor of MyLife.
If you are a California consumer, you may have the right to:
Request that MyLife provide you with information regarding what Personal Information about you we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold in the preceding twelve (12) months. You may only make a consumer request to know about or access your Personal Information twice within a twelve (12)-month period. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will disclose to you one or more of the following as requested:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you in the preceding twelve (12) months.
The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
The business or commercial purposes for collecting your Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
The categories of third parties with whom we shared your Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you in the preceding twelve (12) months.
Request we delete certain Personal Information we collected from you, unless that Personal Information is subject to an exception under the CCPA (as described below). Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information in our records that is not subject to any of the CCPA exceptions. Specifically, we may deny your deletion request if your Personal Information is required for any of the following reasons, which we will identify in our response to you if we deny your request:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide the service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Request that we stop selling your Personal Information. As indicated above, we sell certain Personal Information to third parties. Once we receive your request, we will process your request within 15 business days. You may also use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on your behalf, as long as you provide the authorized agent with written permission to do so that has been signed by you and the agent provides such proof to us when they submit your request. If you opt-out and subsequently enter into any transactions where a sale of your personal information is required as a condition of completing the transaction, we will provide you with instructions on how you may opt back in. In addition, your opt-out will not affect any situations where you direct us to transfer your personal information to a third party.
Be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA. MyLife will not discriminate against any California consumer who exercises any of the rights described above. Specifically, except as permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; provide you with a different level of service or quality of goods or services; or suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Authorized Agent. You may have the option to designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, so long as the authorized agent has your written and signed permission to do so, you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us, and you have directly confirmed with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf. If you submit a request on behalf of another person, we may require proof of authorization and verification of identity directly from the person for whom you are submitting a request.
In some instances, we may not be able to honor your request. For example, we will not honor your request if we cannot verify your identity, if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual, or if an exception applies. We will advise you in our response if we are not able to honor your request.
We will not provide social security numbers, driver's license numbers, or government issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, health insurance or medical identification numbers, account passwords, security questions and answers, or unique biometric data generated from measurements or technical analysis for human characteristics. However, will inform you that we have collected this type of information, if applicable.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information by MyLife to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), MyLife does not provide Personal Information to third parties for those parties' direct marketing purposes unless a user elects that we do so.
VERIFYING YOUR REQUEST
We cannot fulfill your request to exercise your right to know or right to delete if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to register with us as a Member.
To verify your identity, we will ask that you provide the following personal information when you submit your request:
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Mobile Phone Number
Address
City
State
Zip Code
Copy of an acceptable document to prove your identity, such as a copy of your government issued identification card or a copy of your U.S. passport.
Copy of an acceptable document to prove your residence, such as a copy of a signed rental/lease agreement, home utility bill (excluding cellular phones), insurance document, or property tax bill or statement.
You may need to provide additional information as part of your responses to our identity verification questions. We will only use this information to confirm your identity. Depending on your type of request or the information requested by you, we may require additional information in order to verify your identity and fulfill your request.
We will respond to your request within forty-five (45) days. However, in certain circumstances, we may require additional time to process your request, as permitted by the CCPA or other applicable law. We will advise you within forty-five (45) days after receiving your request if such an extension is necessary and why it is needed. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your verifiable consumer request.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS OR CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this MyLife California Privacy Policy or are a California resident who would like to exercise your right to know, right to request deletion, or right to opt-out of sale, or to designate an agent as described above, please contact us or submit a request using one of the methods provided below:
Write to us at:
MyLife.com, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
907 Westwood Blvd. (#359)
Los Angeles, CA 90024-2905
Call our toll-free number at 888-466-1066.
Email us at privacy@MyLife.com.
* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
Do Not Sell My Info