http://www.schooltours.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Click here for our Covid-19 Promise. For other important travel information visit our safety and support area.
Home
Galina Group Tours
Galina International Study Tours by WST
We are pleased to announce that Galina International Study Tours is now part of the Next Generation Travel family! We’ll be continuing to provide the same fantastic experiences that Galina offer, all as part of the WST experience.
About Galina International Study Tours
Having been established since the early 1990s, Galina has been providing learning experiences through fascinating school trips for children of all ages. Drawing on the subject specialisms of their experienced teachers, Galina’s mission is to meet the learning requirements of students at all stages of their school career – offering a wealth of knowledge and advice for teachers along the way.
Why WST?
Being part of the NGT family, along with WST, means that we can continue to provide the excellent experiences that Galina offer, with the added bonus of an ABTA bond for financial protection, and an ATOL licence so that flights can be offered to select destinations for the first time in Galina’s history.
Here are few reasons why our customers continue to choose WST:
4x winner of Best School Tour Operator at the School Travel Awards
Customer Service Excellence accreditation
ABTA protected
ATOL protected
A range of primary and secondary school trips across a range of subjects
School trip portal, Trip HQ, to keep up to date with all the latest on your school trip
What trips do WST offer?
Much like Galina, WST offers a range of exciting experiences across many core subjects. From Art & Design trips to the ever creative New York, to History trips to the likes of Berlin and Krakow, WST has something on offer for all kinds of curriculums.
We also offer a range of day school trips for primary schools, so that schools who can’t go as further afield can still take advantage of a great selection of educational experiences within the UK.
Take a look at our full range of primary and secondary school trips.
Find out more
To find out more, or to get a quote for your next school trip, get in touch with the WST team today.
Request a quote
If you would like a quote for a tour provided by WST please fill in your Contact Details below. We aim to contact you within the same business day.
Name*
Subject*
School Name*
Telephone No.*
Email*
Preferred Travel Dates
Destination*
Select Destination
Amsterdam
Andalucia
Austria
Barcelona
Bay of Naples
Belgium
Berlin
Birmingham
Bristol & Bath
Brittany
Brussels
Christmas Markets
Cornwall
Eden Project, Cornwall
Edinburgh
Euro Space Centre, Belgium
Europe
France
Geneva
Germany
Glasgow
Iceland
Isle of Man
Isle of Wight
Italy
Krakow
Lanzarote
Lille
Liverpool
Loire Valley
London
London - Shakespeare
London - West End Theatre
London Drama & Performing Arts
London Elizabethan England
Madrid
Manchester
Munich
New York
New York & Washington
Normandy
North Yorkshire
Northumberland
Opal Coast
Orlando, Florida
Paris
Poland
Rhineland
Rome
Rome and Bay of Naples
Scarborough
Scotland
Sicily
Snowdonia
Spain
Stratford Upon Avon
Switzerland
The Lake District
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
USA
Valencia
Vienna
Wales
Washington
York
Ypres & Somme
Other
Group Size*
Other Destination
Extra information
We’d like to keep you informed by email about our future offers, products and useful information in educational travel. Please tick this box to let us know that you are happy for us to do this. We may also pass your information on to other companies in our travel group (WST Travel, Anglia Tours, FHT Travel, Study Experiences, Sport Experiences, Remembrance Travel for Schools and Young people and Galina International Study Tours). You may choose to unsubscribe at any time by contacting us directly on office@wsttravel.com or selecting unsubscribe in our marketing material.
Get quote