https://www.galvestonhistory.org/privacy-policy
Search
GHF Privacy Policy
Galveston Historical Foundation is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors and patrons. We developed the GHF Privacy Policy to assure our donors and patrons their donor information will not be shared with any third party.
Notice: Galveston Historical Foundation is a 501 (c) (3) not-for-profit organization. It is comprised of the Galveston Historic Seaport, ELISSA, and several museums and historic properties. All references to Galveston Historical Foundation in this Privacy Policy include its sites, facilities, and associated programs in support of its mission.
Awareness: Galveston Historical Foundation provides the GHF Privacy Policy to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, by request.
Information Collected: The following represent types of donor information that we collect and/or maintain:
Accessing collected information: You can access any of your personally identifiable information that we collect on-line and maintain. You can correct any errors in your personal information by sending us a request to do so. We will verify your identity before we make any corrections.
Contact information—name, organization, address, phone number, and email address.
Payment information—credit card number, expiration date, electronic payment, matching funds and billing information. This information, however, is properly destroyed after its use.
Volunteer information—name, address, volunteer interests.
Information concerning how you heard about Galveston Historical Foundation.
Information you wish to share—questions, comments, suggestions, what interests you have in the Foundation and why you choose to support it; and
Your request to receive periodic updates/invitations via U.S. mail or email—e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fundraising appeals.
How Information is used: Galveston Historical Foundation uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate with you, and update you on Foundation happenings. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication. Regarding contributions, all donations provided for specific sites or entities are used for the specific purpose designed.
No Sharing of Personal Information: Galveston Historical Foundation will not sell, rent, lease, or share your personal information. We assure you that the identity of all our donors and patrons will be kept confidential. Use of donor and patron information will be limited to internal purposes of Galveston Historical Foundation and used only to further the Foundation activities and its mission to preserve and revitalize the architectural, cultural and maritime heritage of Galveston Island.
Removing Your Name from our Mailing List: It is our desire not to send unwanted mail to our donors and patrons. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contacting Us: If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, please send us an email at Dwayne.Jones@galvestonhistory.org or call us at (409) 765-3422.
Shop #GalvestonHistory
Seashell Wreath
$65.00
Ashton Villa Ornament
$24.95
1838 Menard House
$15.00
Newsletter Signup Sign up below for foundation updates, upcoming events, and more!
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you’re human:
CONTACT US 2228 Broadway (At the 1940 Sears Bldg.)
2002 Strand (Administrative Offices)
Galveston, TX 77550
Phone: 409-765-7834
Fax: 409-765-6831
E-mail Us | View Employee Directory
ACCREDITATIONS
INSTAGRAM
Step into the #1892BishopsPalce for our special ho
Give the gift of #GalvestonHistory this holiday se
Today’s #MarkerMonday takes us to another of Gal
We're #hiring! Our 1892 Bishop's Palace currently
The Ghost of Christmas Future wraps up our weekend
Our tour of #DickensOnTheStrand catches up with th
It’s back and open this Saturday and Sunday from
We’re missing #DickensOnTheStrand right there wi
Load More…
Follow on Instagram
FACEBOOK Galveston Historical Foundation
11 hours ago Step into the 1892 Bishop's Palace for our special holiday tours highlighting the National Historic Landmark's holiday decorations! Tickets at www.galvestonhistory.org/events/bishops-palace-christmas-toursThe tour features nine Christmas trees, live greenery, Poinsettias, and more, while you learn about the house and Victorian holiday traditions. Complimentary champagne will be served and photography is allowed. These tours are presented by TGRE. ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Linked InShare by Email
Incorporated in 1954, Galveston Historical Foundation is one of the nation's largest local preservation organizations. Over the last 50 years, the foundation has expanded its mission to encompass community redevelopment, public education, historic preservation advocacy, maritime preservation and stewardship of historic properties. Copyright © 2020 · Galveston Historical FoundationView our privacy policy.
ABOUT
GHF Board and Staff
About Galveston Historical Foundation
GHF Job Openings
Galveston Immigration Database
SITES
ALL GHF PROPERTIES & RENTALS
Special Event Venues
Educational and Group Tours
———-
Galveston Historic Seaport – Home of the 1877 Tall Ship ELISSA
1892 Bishop’s Palace
Architectural Salvage Warehouse
Hendley Green
Historic Harbor Tour and Dolphin Watch
Pier 21 Theater
EVENTS
EVENT TICKETS
CALENDAR OF EVENTS
VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES
———-
Dickens on The Squares
Galveston Historic Homes Tour
Galveston Island Beach Revue
Tall Ships® Galveston
Plankowners’ Sailabration
Menardi Gras
PRESERVATION
GHF Preservation Resources
Edward L. Protz Historic Preservation Internship
Architectural Salvage Warehouse
Heritage At Risk List
Sally B. Wallace Awards for Historic Preservation
Paint Pals
GHF Revolving Fund
Galveston Windstorm Exemption
SUPPORT
Donate Online
GHF Individual Memberships
GHF Business Memberships
GHF Volunteer Opportunities
SHOP
Online Store
My Account
Cart
———-
Store Home
GHF Custom Items
Christmas Store
Home Decor
Apparel
Maritime
Books
Retail Locations