https://www.newn.cam.ac.uk/privacy/
Close
Close
It is important for you to appreciate that the web site provides extensive links to other independent sites, within the College and University and elsewhere. This policy applies only to direct accesses to the main web site – URLs starting https://www.newn.cam.ac.uk/. You will need to consult the appropriate information on other sites for information on their policies.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this page. It was last updated in January 2014.
Data collected
In common with most web sites, this site automatically logs certain information about every request made of it (see below for more details). This information is used for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely.
Relevant subsets of this data may be passed to computer security teams as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or other computing equipment in the College and in Cambridge University. Data may be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable investigation of problems accessing this site or of system misconfigurations. Data may incidentally be included in information passed to contractors and computer maintenance organisations working for the College, in which case they will be covered by appropriate non-disclosure agreements. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics are extracted from these data and some of these may be made publicly available, but those that are do not include information from which individuals could be identified.
[You should appreciate that a log is a record of what a server sees, not necessarily what was initially sent. If a request is sent via a proxy the log file will show the proxy’s address. If someone has forged your address the log file will show your address]
A number of fill-in forms are provided on this site. The pages containing these forms include information on how data submitted on them will be processed and used.
This site uses web “cookies”: in particular we use Google Analytics to see how people use our website. This helps us improve it. The data we have is anonymised. See our Cookie policy and Google’s Privacy Policy for more information.
Logged data
The following data are automatically logged for each request:
The name or network address of the computer making the request. Note that under some (but not all) circumstances it may be possible to infer from this the identity of the person making the request. Note also that the data recorded may be that of a web proxy rather than that of the originating client
The date and time of connection
The HTTP request, which contains the identification of the document requested
The status code of the request (success or failure etc.)
The number of data bytes sent in response
The contents of the HTTP Referrer header supplied by the browser
The content of the HTTP User-Agent header supplied by the browser
Logging of additional data may be enabled temporarily from time to time for specific purposes. In addition, the computers on which the web site is hosted keep records of attempts (authorised and unauthorised) to use them for purposes other than access to the web server. These data typically include the date and time of the attempt, the service to which access was attempted, the name or network address of the computer making the connection, and may include details of what was done or was attempted to be done.
Access to personal data
In accordance with the Access to Information Act you can exercise the right to access any information we hold about you.For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the ‘Data Controller’ for the processing of data collected by this site is Newnham College, and the point of contact for subject access requests is the College Data Protection Officer (Sidgwick Avenue, Cambridge CB3 9DF, tel. 01223 335700, fax 01223 357898 E-mail: bursar@newnham.cam.ac.uk).
The College is also Data Controller in respect of any personal data served as content by this site.
(This policy is an adaptation of the March 2009  privacy policy for the University of Cambridge central web site)
People
Find us
Contact Us
Admissions
Freedom of Information
Contact Us
Newnham College
Sidgwick Avenue
Cambridge
CB3 9DF
enquiries@newn.cam.ac.uk
admissions@newn.cam.ac.uk
conference@newn.cam.ac.uk
Tel. +44 (0)1223 335700