http://www.biggerplate.com/privacy.aspx
Mind Maps
All
Popular
Business
Education
General
Webinars
PRO
Certification
Services
Partners
Pricing
Register
Biggerplate Terms & Conditions
Membership
Introduction
Biggerplate.com is a member community that aims to help people get MORE from mind mapping tools and techniques. By registering with Biggerplate.com, you are agreeing to our Membership Terms & Conditions.
Basic Membership
Basic membership on Biggerplate is free. To register as a Basic member, you agree to submit an active email address, select a username, and create a password for your account.
PRO Membership
PRO membership is a paid annual subscription, which renews automatically every year. When upgrading to Biggerplate PRO, you agree that membership will automatically renew each year, and payment automatically collected, until such time as your PRO membership is cancelled.
You can cancel your PRO subscription any time, by emailing accounts@Biggerplate.com.
You may request a refund of your PRO membership fee within 14 days, and we will be happy to provide this. After 14 days, unfortunately we will be unable to offer a refund on your PRO membership
Deleting your account
You can delete your Biggerplate account any time, by logging in, and visiting the 'My Account' section. If you have a paid PRO membership, this will be automatically cancelled, and no further payments taken once your account is deleted.
Community Protection
Biggerplate is a place for people. Real people. As such, we regularly undertake activities to delete accounts
that we feel may be harmful, offensive, or annoying for our community members. If we identify an account for deletion, we will NOT contact the account owner prior to deleting the account.
Inactive Accounts
From time to time, we may choose to delete accounts from Biggerplate that have been inactive for a lengthy period of time. "Inactive" means the account has not uploaded any mind maps, downloaded any maps, or logged into the website for an extended period of time.
Prior to deleting inactive accounts, we may choose to contact the account owner via email, but do not commit to doing so.
Email Communications
When registering with Biggerplate, you agree that we can send you a short sequence of 'welcome emails' to help you get the most from our platform. You can unsubscribe from this welcome sequence any time, from within the email message
You can choose to receive our email newsletter, which contains news, tips, and advice to help you get more from mind mapping, and Biggerplate. You can opt out of the email newsletter any time from within the email message, or from within 'My Account' on Biggerplate
As a registered member of Biggerplate, you also agree that we may occasionally send you email updates related to important changes to the website, your account, and/or our terms and conditions. We aim to keep these messages to an absolute minimum.
Privacy Policy
Settle in... this could take a while...
Introduction
Biggerplate.com Ltd is committed to respecting your online privacy and
recognises your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally
identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us.
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an
individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or
other physical address and an email address or other contact information,
whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit Biggerplate.com Ltd pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information
about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may
transfer that Information within Biggerplate.com Ltd or to Biggerplate.com Ltd's third-party service providers, across borders, and from your country or
jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Biggerplate.com Ltd strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are
designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from
country to country, Biggerplate.com Ltd intends to adhere to the principles set
forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we
transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not
require an "adequate" level of protection for your Personal Information. In
other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no
matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilise "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A
"cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect
information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may
serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most
browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them
and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may
choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to
erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and
password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host
names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system
types; click-stream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our
use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site
and your Web experience. We may also analyse information that does not contain
Personal Information for trends and statistics.
Notice
Where Biggerplate.com Ltd collects Personal Information on the web, we intend to
post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be
collected and whether we plan to share such Personal Information outside of
Biggerplate.com Ltd or those working on Biggerplate.com Ltd's behalf. Biggerplate.com Ltd
does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third
parties who are not bound to act on Biggerplate.com Ltd's behalf unless such
transfer is legally required.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to Biggerplate
Ltd. The notice we intend to provide where Biggerplate.com Ltd collects Personal
Information on the Web should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to
provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of the Web
site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that
involve our interaction with you.
If you chose to have a relationship with Biggerplate.com Ltd, such as a contractual,
other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to
contact you in connection with that business relationship.
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within Biggerplate.com Ltd or on its
behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the
Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorised access or
disclosure.
Access/Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, Biggerplate.com Ltd
wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where we collect Personal
Information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting
Biggerplate.com Ltd should you need to update or correct that Information. If for
any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and
corrections about your Personal Information to info@biggerplate.com and
we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your Personal
Information that we hold as soon as practicable.
Third Party Services
Biggerplate.com Ltd may provide information, including Personal Information, which
Biggerplate.com Ltd collects on the Web to third-party service providers to help us
deliver programs, products, information, and services. Service providers are
also an important means by which Biggerplate.com Ltd maintains its Web site and
mailing lists. Biggerplate.com Ltd will take reasonable steps to ensure that these
third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on
Biggerplate.com Ltd's behalf.
Biggerplate.com Ltd does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your
consent to third parties who are not bound to act on Biggerplate.com Ltd's behalf
unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against Biggerplate
Ltd's policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and support current industry initiatives to preserve
individual privacy rights on the Internet. If you have any comments or questions
regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@biggerplate.com.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy
and to Biggerplate.com Ltd's processing of Personal Information for the purposes
given above as well as those explained where Biggerplate.com Ltd collects Personal
Information on the Web.
Copyright
2008 - 2020 Biggerplate.com Ltd.
All rights reserved.
Add To Collection
Cancel
Add