http://www.columbiasouthern.edu/privacy
search:
Search:
LIVE CHAT
REQUEST
INFORMATION
APPLY
NOW
About
About CSU
History
25th Anniversary Message
State Authorization and Accreditation
State Authorization
External Complaint Process
Leadership
Board of Trustees
Careers
Benefits
Culture
Staff
Faculty
Contact
Media
Press Room
Testimonials
Videos
CSU Cares
Smiles Behind The Shield
View All Programs
Academics
General Education
Continuing Education
Training Events, Workshops, Conferences
Current Online CEU Courses
Behavioral Health Technician Certificate
Business
Criminal Justice
Fire
Information Technology
Medical & Healthcare
Professional Development
Safety
Request CEUs
CEU Provider Service
Disability Services
Certificate Programs
Certificates
Full Course Listing
Academic Calendar
Faculty
Commencement
Commencement Accomodations
CSU Commencement Criteria
Faculty of the Year Winners
Educational Partners
Getting Started
Admissions
Online Learning Options
LifePace Learning®
Term
Veterans Flexible Enrollment
Vietnam Educational Affiliates
Transfer Credit
Transfer Credit Policy
Transfer Credit to CSU
Articulations List
Transfer Credit from CSU
Waldorf College
Graduation Calculator
FAQs
Requirements
Admission Documentation Guidelines
Instructions for Statement of Purpose
Support
Academic Advising and Student Support Center
Importance of Advising
Recommended Program Check Points
Military Affiliated Students
FAQs
Registrar
Student Resolution and Conduct
Success Center
Career Services
Remote Proctor Now
Student Life
Connections
Clubs & Organizations
American Society of Safety Professionals
NSLS
ONL
SHRM
SVA
ACJA
The Order of the Sword and Shield
Support Services
Bookstore
Disability Services
Online Library
FAQs
Tuition & Financing
Tuition & Financing
Federal Student Aid
Eligibility
Eligible / Ineligible Programs
Preparing to Apply
How to Apply
Types of Federal Aid
Awarding Federal Student Aid
Cost of Attendance
Current Students
Policies and Procedures
General Financial Disclosures
Consumer Information
Payment Options
Scholarships
Net Price Calculator
Ways to Save
Student Fees
Tuition Refund Policy
FAQs
Partnerships
Become a Partner
Current Partners
Scholarships
Regional Connections
Conference Schedule
FAQ
Contact Us
Military
Overview
Application Process
Military Transcripts
Military Support Services
Military Representatives
Military Tuition Information
Military Tuition Assistance
Resource Center
Statement of Service
Veterans Center
Principles of Excellence
Student Veterans Association
CSUSVA Chapter Bylaws
CSUSVA Charter
Join CSU SVA
VA Benefits
Chapter 30 Montgomery GI Bill
Chapter 31 Veteran Readiness
Chapter 33 Post 9-11 GI Bill
Branch Resources
Military Spouse
MyCAA Scholarship
Programs
Apply
FAQs
Consumer Information > Privacy Policy
General Institutional Information
Health and Safety
Student Outcomes
Student Financial Assistance
Privacy Policy
Columbia Southern University (CSU) is committed to protecting your privacy. The university has established this privacy policy to communicate the manner in which it collects and uses your personal information as well as methods and efforts we use to safeguard it.
Personally Identifiable Information – Personally identifiable information (PII) is only collected with your approval, which is affirmed via actions, such as submitting online forms or phone calls. By PII, we are referring to information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. For example, you may choose to provide your name, address or telephone number when submitting an information request. PII is used by the university to assist individual visitors as necessary.  This assistance may involve redirecting an inquiry or comment to another university individual or department better suited to provide the requested service.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information – CSU collects a variety of information from website visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected automatically via the use of cookies and other standard web technologies. Automatically collected information might include operating system and web browser version, internet IP address, as well as the date and time web pages are visited. Non-personally identifiable information is stored in security and traffic logs on our servers and in cookies.
Use of Information – Directory information may be disseminated to specific parties pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). CSU does not sell or share user information to outside parties without prior written consent of the user; however, the university may share any user information with its employees, affiliates and partners, or independent contractors with a vested interest. In some cases, cookies provided by third-party services, including Google Analytics, may be used to review website performance and to identify enhancements that may benefit visitors based on current navigation patterns and search trends.
Security of Information – CSU takes security of information seriously and, as such, takes all reasonable precautionary measures to protect sensitive user information. CSU utilizes encryption wherever possible for sensitive information requested for submission via the World Wide Web. The university may contract with third-party vendors to show our advertisements on non-CSU websites and other digital delivery mechanisms.
FERPA – PII for enrolled students is protected by FERPA administered by the U.S. Department of Education. Please visit our FERPA page for more information. "Directory information" disclosures include verifying enrollment for employment or credit application purposes.
GDPR – CSU observes the applicable principles of the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
For further information, please refer to our Technology Policies in the Student Handbook or contact us at DataSecurityOfficer@columbiasouthern.edu.
REQUEST INFORMATION
LIVE CHAT
APPLY NOW