http://www.bluffton.edu/privacy/index.aspx
COVID-19:
Yellow.
Updates from campus×
Home
Privacy statement
Home
Open Secondary Nav
Privacy statement
Bluffton University is committed to protecting your privacy.Bluffton University respects the privacy of users of its website.
Web navigation information:For those who access the site for information purposes, the university stores only
anonymous data related to one's use of the site. This information helps us to provide
the best quality information and the kind of online offerings desired by users. Additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser
version, device type, service provider and IP address) may also be collected, which
will provide information regarding the general use of our websites.
Personally identifiable information:Information specific to you is requested when you use the services offered on our
websites, such as applying online, scheduling campus visits, requesting information,
referring prospective students including the Bluffton Legacy Program, recommendations,
job applications, updating your alumnus contact information, submitting alumnotes,
donating online and when you contact us.
Personal information provided is used for university purposes only, to execute the
transaction or service requested. Your information is not nor will it be sold or rented
to third-party vendors. Information may be provided to vendors under contract with
the university. Reputable vendors will be selected and required to protect alumni
privacy. Bluffton may release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
to comply with law or to protect the rights, property or safety of Bluffton University,
our users, the websites or others.
How we use cookies and log filesIn order to improve the services of Bluffton's intranet, my.bluffton.edu, cookies are used when the remember me box is checked. A cookie is a piece of data
that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be understood by
the server that provided it. It enables my.bluffton.edu to remember your password.
If the remember me box is unchecked, cookies are not used. Most browsers are initially
set to accept cookies.
My.bluffton.edu has log and temporary files stored on your computer and on Bluffton's
servers. These files store your registration information.
Caution on links to other websitesBoth www.bluffton.edu and my.bluffton.edu include inks to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices
of these other sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected
on www.bluffton.edu and my.bluffton.edu.
Contact informationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact
us at: turnerd@bluffton.edu.
Top
©