http://www.brunswickcc.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About BCC
Accreditation & Affiliations
Alumni Success
Athletics
Campus Safety & Sheriff’s Office at BCC
Fitness & Aquatics Center
Foundation
History
Institutional Planning & Research
Leadership
Odell Williamson Auditorium
Policy Manual
Tobacco-Free Campus
Title IX
Vision, Mission, Values
Find A Program
Academic Programs
Adult Basic Education
Gateway to Employment and Academic Readiness
Arts & Sciences
Brunswick Interagency Program (BIP)
Brunswick Online
Business and Industry Training
Career and College Promise
Community Services
Continuing Education/Workforce Development
Emergency Services Training
English as a Second Language
Health Sciences
Career Programs (Professional/Technical)
Small Business Center
Programs and Locations (PDF)
Admissions
How to Apply
You Got Accepted – Now What?
Career and College Promise
Registering for Classes
One-Stop Student Services Center
Financial Aid
Records
Title IX
Scholarship Opportunities
Tuition and Fees
Veteran Benefits
Military Student
Visiting Students
BCC Payment Plan
Brunswick Guarantee
Student Resources
Academic Calendar
Tutoring and Academic Assistance
Academic Support
Accessibility at BCC
Articulation Agreements
Bookstore
Food Pantry
Career Counseling
Course Catalog and Handbook
Course Schedules
Financial Aid
Graduation Information
Library
Online Information and Support
Personal Counseling
Student Ambassador Program
Student Clubs & Organizations
Student Government
Contact Us
Ask Us
Employee Directory
Employment Opportunities
Facilities Rental
Leland Center
Locations, Maps & Directions
Main Campus Map
Southport Center
Search for:
COVID-19 Info My BCC Giving
Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWho we are
Our website address is: https://www.brunswickcc.edu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Quick Links
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Academic Calendar
Academic Programs
How To Apply
Locations, Maps & Directions
My BCC
Questions
Ready to become a Dolphin? Apply Now
More Information
800.754.1050
admissions@brunswickcc.edu
Stay Connected
My BCC Facebook
Odell Williamson Auditorium
(910) 755-7421 Twitter YouTube
Fitness & Aquatics Center
(910) 846-2348
Important Dates
December 8, 2020 - January 4, 2021Holiday ClassesDecember 15Last Day of ClassesDecember 16Grades Due by 5:00 p.m.December 23, 2020 - January 3, 2021Winter Break (College Closed).January 1, 2021New Year’s Day Holiday (College Closed)January 4, 2021Open Registration (payment due at registration)
Campus LocationsMain Campus
50 College Road
Bolivia, NC 28422
Mailing Address:
PO Box 30, Supply, NC 28462
(910) 755-7300
Southport Center
701 N. Lord Street
Southport, NC 28461
(910) 755-6500
Leland Center
2045 Enterprise Boulevard
Leland, NC 28451
(910) 755-8084
Brunswick Educational & Trades Certification Center
104 Ocean Hwy E.
Supply, NC 28422
910-755-7300Brunswick Community College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) to award associate degrees. Contact SACSCOC at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, Georgia, 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of Brunswick Community College. The Commission is only to be contacted for accreditation-related issues.
Brunswick Community College does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, political affiliation, genetic information, sexual orientation or disability.
© 2020 Brunswick Community College
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Web Design