http://www.manhattan.edu/policies-disclosures.php#gdpr
pause
world-wide-web
instagram
volume-medium
linkedin
flickr
basketball
devices
home
pencil
person-money
rss
slider-left-arrow
slider-right-arrow
slider-left-arrow
slider-right-arrow
star
video-transcript
close
hamburger
logo
minus
plus
account
arrow
certificate
city
globe
graduation-cap
graph
handshake
info
info-2
map
play
search
snapchat
twitter
facebook
file-text-o
youtube
tumblr
camera
file-text
Accessibility Navigation:
Skip to the header
Skip to the main content
Skip to the footer
Return to Campus
Information & Updates
Get the latest information for the Manhattan College community: One Manhattan: Return to Campus website |  CARES Act
Policies & Disclosures
Skip to the side menu
Policies & Disclosures
HEOA
Manhattan College is committed to providing access to information that will allow students, parents, counselors, and other constituents to make informed decisions about postsecondary education. This webpage is a single access point to consumer information noted in the Higher Education Act of 1965 and amended by the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 (HEOA).
Expand any area below (click +) to display links to documents, policies and other informative web pages.
Student Right to Know: Consumer Information
The information provided here and other linked information serves to provide the required disclosures under the Student Right to Know Act (Public Law No. 101-542 20 U.S.C. 109) and its implementing regulations 34 C.F.R. 668.41; 34 C.F.R. 668.45 & 34 C.F.R. 668.48 and the Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (20 U.S.C 1092(g); 34 C.F.R. 668.41, 34 C.F.R 668.47). Information is also disclosed through the College's annual filings with the U.S. Department of Education National Center for Education Statistics through itsntegrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) system. View the Manhattan College data here.
Manhattan College is a member of the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities (NAICU).
In compliance with the U.S. Department of Education Gainful Employment Rule, the College has provided a list of its non-degree certificate programs: Gainful Employment.
Academic Programs
Articulation Agreements
This information is provided pursuant to 34 CFR 602.24(e) specifically to make readily available to enrolled and prospective students a list of institutions with which the College has established an articulation agreement. Additional information about these articulation agreements is available at:
Admissions OfficeO’Malley 601718-862-7200admit@manhattan.edu
Manhattan College and the New York College of Podiatric Medicine (NYCPM) sponsor a joint articulation program in podiatric education. Interested students must apply early in the fall semester of junior year and must take the MCAT no later than April of their junior year. An overall undergraduate GPA of 3.0 at Manhattan College and official MCAT score at least equal to NYCPM’s current minimum is required. The curriculum of the combined B.S./D.P.M. program requires the completion of at least 90 credits at Manhattan College. The student enrolled at NYCPM requesting transfer credits must complete each firstyear course with a grade of “B” or higher in order to be awarded a bachelors degree by Manhattan College. The D.P.M. degree will be awarded upon completion of the seventh year of study at NYCPM. Final admission to the program resides with the Admissions Office of the NYCPM.
Manhattan College and New York Medical College have an articulation agreement providing for early acceptance of Manhattan College Kinesiology students into the Master's program in public health and Doctorate program in physical therapy
Manhattan College and St. Thomas Aquinas College (STAC) have an articulation agreement for a 3-2 degree program in Mathematics and Engineering. St. Thomas Aquinas College awards a B.S. with a major in Mathematics after 3 years of successful study at STAC and 2 years of successful study at Manhattan College. Manhattan College awards a B.S. in Engineering upon successful completion of the 5th year of the program. Students must earn a minimum C grade in all STAC courses to be applied towards the Manhattan College degree and maintain at least a 2.5 cumulative GPA. A complete listing of the Program of Studies is available through the Office of the Dean of Engineering.
Reports on Enrollment, Pell Recipients & Graduation Rates
Fall 2019 Undergraduate Enrollment by Gender and Ethnicity
Fall 2018 Pell Recipients
Fall 2013 Cohort Pell Graduation Rates
Fall 2013 Cohort Graduation Rates Rates By Gender, Race, and Ethnicity
Academic Policies and Procedures
Academic Dismissal
Academic Probation
Academic Suspension
Academic Warning
Attendance Policy
Change of Program
Credits
Grades
Graduation
Incompletes
Leave of Absence
Repeated Courses/Grade Replacement
Satisfactory Academic Progress
Transcripts
Withdrawal
Certifications and Disclosures
Manhattan College complies with the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 42 U.S.C. §§ 6101-6107 and does not discriminate based on age in its educational or academic programs or activities that receive federal financial assistance.
Manhattan College will not retaliate against any individual for filing a complaint with the Office of Civil Rights or for advocating for any rights protected by the Age Discrimination Act.
Manhattan College complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act 42 U.S.C. §§ 12101-12213 and provides for nondiscrimination protection in employment, educational services, and accommodations for individuals with disabilities.
Manhattan College provides for reasonable accommodations to allow a qualified person with a disability to participate fully in the educational or academic programs and activities of the College.
Manhattan College complies with the Higher Education Opportunity Act Public Law No. 110-315 and will disclose information to current and prospective students about any plans to improve its academic programs on an annual basis.
Teacher Certification Data
Manhattan College’s School of Education and Health reports annually to the New York State Education Department and posts for the public the pass rate on state teacher certification examinations taken by its graduates.
Performance on the New York State teacher certification examinations:
The data provided is program-specific information concerning candidate performance on the New York State Teacher and Leader Certification Examinations between September 1st and August 31st of a particular reporting year. In order to ensure the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, results for examinations taken by fewer than ten (10) people have been suppressed if a 100% pass rate was not attained.
This page contains the passage rates for each of the following certification examinations; the Teacher Performance Assessment (edTPA), the Academic Literacy Skills Test (ALST), the Educating All Students (EAS) exam, the Content Specialty Exam (CST) and the School Building Leadership (SBL) exam. The data for the edTPA is displayed by content area (childhood, secondary or physical education). The "Percent Passed" column shows the percentage of test takers who passed the examination during this period out of the total number of test takers who took the exam during this time period as provided in the "Number Tested" column.
Credit Hour Policy & Definitions
Transfer Admissions policy
Transfer of Credit policy
Visiting Scholars, Researchers and Postdoctoral Fellows policy
Recommendation for Appointment Form
Accounting
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards
Accreditation and State Registration
Institutional Accreditation
Middle States Commission on Higher Education (MSCHE)
Manhattan College meets the Requirements of Affiliation of the Middle States Commission on Higher Education as published in Characteristics of Excellence: Requirements of Affiliation and Standards for Accreditation (12th ed., 2006). Manhattan College is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education (MSCHE) to award Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees and Post-baccalaureate and Post-Master’s certificates. Manhattan College’s accreditation was reaffirmed by MSCHE on June 28, 2012 following an extensive self-study process and site visit. Manhattan College has been accredited by MSCHE since 1921.
Middle States accreditation instills public confidence in institutional mission, goals, performance, and resources through its rigorous accreditation standards and their enforcement.  MSCHE is the regional accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation.
Middle States Commission on Higher Education3624 Market StreetPhiladelphia, PA 19104-2680Phone: 267-284-5000www.msche.orgView Manhattan College’s Statement of Accreditation Status.
Programmatic Accreditation
Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation (CAEP)1140 19th Street, N.W., Suite 400Washington, D.C.202-223-0077
School of Education – Teacher Education Programs: Effective 6/14/2010 - 6/14/2020
School Building Leadership Program: Effective 9/1/2011 - 9/1/2016
The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB)777 South Harbour Island Boulevard, Suite 750Tampa, FL 33602813-769-6500
School of Business – Business programs: Effective 2013-14 to 2018-19
ABET - Engineering Accreditation Commission415 North Charles StreetBaltimore, MD 21201410-347-7700
School of Engineering programs:
Chemical Engineering, Bachelors: 10/01/1964-Present
Civil Engineering, Bachelors: 10/01/1940-Present
Computer Engineering, Bachelors: 10/01/2001-Present
Electrical Engineering, Bachelors: 10/01/1940-Present
Environmental Engineering, Masters: 10/01/2007-Present
Mechanical Engineering, Bachelors: 10/01/1967-Present
State Registration
Manhattan College’s approved degree and certificate programs are listed on the New York State Education Department – Inventory of Registered Programs (select Search for programs by Institution then enter 439000 Manhattan College to view by Program Title).
Athletics
Equity in Athletics
The College's latest Equity in Athletics Annual Report is available here from the U.S. Department of Education. It includes data as reported to the Office of Postsecondary Education  pursuant to the Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act including:
Participation by Gender and Varsity Team
Coaching Staff & Salaries
Revenues & Expenses
Supplemental Info
Athlete Completion and Graduation Rates
This data is also available at the NCAA website by selecting Manhattan College from the dropdown menu for schools.
Graduation Success Rate Report (2006-2009 Cohorts)
Freshmen Cohort Graduation Rates (2009-10 Graduation Rate)  This report gives graduation information about students and student-athletes entering in 2008. This is the most recent graduating class for which the required six years of information is available. The report provides information about student-athletes who received athletics aid in one or more of seven sports categories: men's basketball, baseball, men's track/cross country, men's other sports and mixed sports, women's basketball, women's track/cross country and other women's sports. For each of those sports categories, it includes information in six self-reported racial or ethnic groups: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African-American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, nonresident alien, two or more races, White or non-Hispanic and unknown (not included in one of the other groups or not available) and the total (all groups combined).
Campus Safety
The College's Annual Security Report (ASR) is available at manhattan.edu/security.
A paper copy of the full report is available upon request to the Public Safety Office located at Jasper Hall, 1st floor. Phone: 718-862-7240; Fax: 718-862-8017; E-mail: publicsafety@manhattan.edu
NYS Article 129-A Campus Conduct Policy
Copyright and Trademark
Responsible Use of Computing and Information Services
Annual Disclosure Regarding Copyright
Cost of Attendance
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
Refund Policy
Disclosure Requirements for Academic Programs Leading to Professional Licensure
Manhattan College programs are designed to prepare students to apply for licensure or certification in New York. Completion of a Manhattan College program may not meet education requirements for a license or certification in another state.
Separate from educational requirements, state licensure boards may require applicants to complete professional examinations, background checks, years of professional experience, etc. If you are planning to pursue professional licensure or certification in a state other than New York, Manhattan College strongly recommends that you contact the appropriate licensing entity in that state to seek information and guidance regarding licensure or certification requirements before beginning an academic program.
The licensing boards can be found at the following links. The information provided was accurate as of April 2020.
Accounting
Counseling
Education
Engineering
Social Work
Distance Education
Notices/State Authorization/Student Identity Verification
As of February 17, 2017, Manhattan College is a member of the National Council for State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements (NC-SARA) http://www.nc-sara.org. The College has been approved by New York State to participate in NC-SARA which is a voluntary, regional approach to state oversight of postsecondary distance education. This enables the College to offer its distance education programs in all 47 NC-SARA approved states. The College is separately authorized in the other 3 states – CA, MA, FL.
How to File a Complaint
Student Complaints & Consumer Information by State
Identity and Integrity Policy
Student Identity Verification & Integrity of Work
Charges Associated with Student Identity Verification
Diversity / Affirmative Action
Affirmative Action Policy
Ethics
Policy and Procedure for Dealing with Research Misconduct
Financial Aid
See all policies
Gainful Employment
See all gainful employment data
GDPR Notice
Introduced by the European Union (EU), the GDPR, effective May 25, 2018, is a law to protect the privacy and personal information of EU residents (any individual who resides in an EU member state, including both EU citizens and non-EU citizens). The GDPR imposes certain obligations and restrictions on entities that process the personal data of EU residents and provides a number of rights to these residents, including, but not limited to the following: the right to be informed about the data collected and the reasons why; the right to require the organization to permanently delete the individual’s personal data; the right to correct errors in personal data collected or processed by an organization; the right to ensure that data is appropriately secured and only retained for as long as is necessary.
Personal Data
Personal data includes, but is not limited to:
Name, address and ID numbers;
Political opinions;
Religious or philosophical beliefs;
Trade union membership;
Genetic or biometric data;
Health data;
Sexual orientation; and
Racial or ethnic origin
GDPR Request Form
Any EU resident who has or had a formal relationship with the College and were assigned a College ID# (including students, alumni, and employees) may exercise their rights under GDPR. Please submit the GDPR Request Form .
GDPR Working Group
Manhattan College has convened a working group (GDPR Working Group) to examine and analyze GDPR and its application to the College. The GDPR Working group will work with the College community to:
Review and assess compliance efforts
Update and develop privacy policies and notices
Update and develop contractual language
Questions
If you have questions about:
Right to Request Information
Right to be Forgotten/Erasure
Right to Rectification
or any other rights provided by the GDPR, please email gdpr@manhattan.edu.
Grants Management
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards
Financial Conflict of Interest Policy
Policy and Procedure for Dealing with Research Misconduct
Human Resources
See all policies
Information Technology
See all policies
Lobbying and Political Activity
Certifications
No Federal student aid funding under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) has been used to hire a registered lobbyist or pay any person or entity for securing an earmark.
No Federal funds received under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) have been used to pay any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of Congress,an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of Congress in connection with any of these Federal actions:
(1) The awarding of any Federal contract.
(2) The making of any Federal grant.
(3) The making of any Federal loan.
(4) The entering into of any Federal cooperative agreement.
(5) The extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any Federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement.
Privacy and Information Security
Data Security Policy
FERPA
Sexual Misconduct
Title IX Policy & Non-Discrimination Policy & Contacts
Veterans
Manhattan College has signed the U.S. Department of Defense Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) and an intent to comply memo was submitted to the Veterans Administration regarding Executive Order 13607.
This Voluntary Education Partnership MOU and the accompanying The Principles of Excellence encourages and requires the College to:
1 .Prior to enrollment, provide students a personalized form covering the total cost of an educational program i.e., Program costs, student debt estimates, and Federal financial aid options upfront.
a. Student Financial Services will create a shopping sheet that addresses costs and funding options
2. Provide educational plans for all military and veteran education beneficiaries
a. The Advisors from the various Schools of the College will work with the Registrar’s Office and Degree Works software to develop a complete education plan for their educational goals
3. End fraudulent and aggressive recruiting techniques and misrepresentation
a. Manhattan College does not support or condone fraudulent and aggressive recruiting practices for any students. The College will continue to uphold its high ethical standards for recruiting.
4. Provide accommodations for service members and reservists absent due to service requirements.
a. Manhattan College understands the pressures of deployment and will make reasonable accommodations for individual deployment situations.
5. Designate a point of contact who serves as the Certifying Official and can refer students to the appropriate person for academic and financial advising
6. Manhattan College has established a Committee for Veteran's Affairs which offers services and contacts available for veterans.
Voter Registration
The Higher Education Act Amendments of 1998 requires Manhattan College to make voter registration forms widely available to its students. Follow the links below for more information and/or voter registration forms.
Forms
New York State: Voter Registration Form
English
Spanish
State Elections Office Website
Federal: National Mail Voter Registration Form
English
Spanish
Chinese
Japanese
Korean
United States Election Assistance Commission
Qualifications to Register to Vote
In order to qualify to vote in the United States, you must meet the following qualifications:
Be a United States citizen;
Be 18 years old on or before Election Day (see state-specific instructions for rules regarding eligibility to register prior to age 18);
Live at your present address for at least 30 days before the election;
Not be in prison or on parole for a felony conviction;
Not be adjudged mentally incompetent by a court; and
Not claim the right to vote elsewhere.
Apply Now
Request Info
Visit Campus