http://www.aacrao.org/advocacy/issues/state-privacy-legislation
Home |
Advocacy |
Issues |
State Privacy Legislation
State Privacy LegislationIn the wake of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a growing number of states across the country are considering comprehensive privacy legislation of their own. Most of the proposals aim to give residents new rights to ownership over their data and establish new transparency requirements for entities that process personal data. Individuals would have the right to access, delete, correct, and move their data, or opt-out of data collection. Some of the proposed measures could impact data maintained by colleges and universities in these states.
Enacted Legislation
Proposed Legislation
Updates
Resources
Recent State Actions
Enacted LegislationThe California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), enacted in 2018 and effective January 1, 2020, creates new consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information
that is collected by businesses. The law protects the personal data of "residents" of California—either by living in California or temporarily outside the state—collected by any company that does business in California for
profit. CCPA applies to any business that (1) has annual gross revenue of more than 25 million, (2) buys, receives, sells, or shares the personal information of 50,000+ "residents," or (3) derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue
from the sale of personal data. Personal data subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and certain other laws are exempted from the CCPA, but data subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
(FERPA) are not included in those exemptions. The Nevada Privacy of Information Collected on the Internet from Consumers Act (NPICICA) was amended in June 2019 through SB 220 to include a requirement
to allow consumers to opt-out of certain data disclosures. The amended law, effective October 1, 2019, applies only to only to operators who (1) own or operate an Internet website or online service for commercial purposes, (2) collect
and maintain covered information from Nevada residents who use or visit the Internet website or online service, and (3) engage in any activity that constitutes a sufficient nexus with Nevada. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain
other laws are exempted, but data subject to FERPA are not included in those exemptions.
Proposed LegislationLawmakers in numerous states have unveiled legislative proposals to regulate personal consumer data privacy. Other states are likely to follow suit.Florida legislators introduced companion privacy bills in both the state's Senate, SB 1670, and House of Representatives, HB 963.
The measure would apply to "operators" who (1) own or operate a website or online service for commercial purposes, (2) collect and maintain covered information from Florida residents who use or visit the website or online service, and
(3) purposefully direct activities toward Florida or purposefully execute a transaction or engage in any activity with Florida or a Florida resident. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject
to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. If approved, the Florida Senate Bill 1620 and House Bill 963 would go into effect July 1, 2020.
Hawaii Senate Bill 418 would apply to businesses defined as a sole proprietorship, partnership, limited partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, association, or any other form of business entity. The legislation provides no exemptions and does not specify an effective date. The Illinois Data Transparency and Privacy Act, SB 2330, would apply to any for-profit legal
entity that collects or discloses personal information of 50,000+ state residents or households or derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws
are exempted, but data subject to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. If approved, the Illinois Data Transparency and Privacy Act would go into effect July 1, 2021.
The Maryland Online Consumer Protection Act, SB 957 and HB 784, would apply
to any for-profit legal entity that collects or discloses personal information and satisfies one or more of the following: (1) has annual gross revenues of more than $25 million, (2) alone or in combination, annually buys, receives for
the business’s commercial purposes sells, or shares for commercial purposes, the personal information of 100,000+ state residents, households, or devices, or (3) derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale
of personal data. Personal data subject to FERPA, HIPAA, and certain other laws are exempted from the Maryland Online Consumer Protection Act. If approved, the Maryland Online Consumer Protection Act would go into effect January 1, 2021.
Minnesota legislators introduced companion privacy bills in both the state's House of Representatives, HF 2917, and Senate, SF 2912.
The measure would apply to any legal entity that conduct business in Minnesota or targets Minnesota intentionally with products and/or services and that (1) either controls or processes personal data of 100,000+ consumers or (2) derives
more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data and processes or controls personal data of not fewer than 25,000 customers. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject
to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. If approved, the Minnesota House File 2917 and Senate File 2912 would go into effect December 31, 2020.
The Nebraska Consumer Data Privacy Act, Legislative Bill 746, would apply to any for-profit legal entity that does business in Nebraska and satisfies one or more of the following: (1) has
annual gross revenue of more than $10 million, (2) that collects or discloses personal information of 50,000+ state residents or households, or (3) derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data. Personal
data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject to the FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. The proposed Nebraska Consumer Data Privacy Act does not specify an effective date.
New Hampshire House Bill 1680 would apply to any business that (1) has annual gross revenues of more than $25 million, (2) alone or in combination, annually buys, receives for the
business’s commercial purposes sells, or shares for commercial purposes, the personal information of 50,000+ state residents, households, or devices, or (3) derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal
data. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. If approved, New Hampshire House Bill 1680 would go into effect January 1, 2021.
The New York Right to Know Act, S224 and A3739, would apply to businesses defined as any person, proprietorship, firm, partnership, association, cooperative, nonprofit organization or corporation organized or existing under the laws of New York state or any other state, and doing business in New York state. The legislation provides no exemptions. If approved, the New York Right to Know Act would go into effect immediately.
The New York Privacy Act, S5642 and A8526, would apply to legal entities that conduct business in New York state or produce products or services that are intentionally targeted to residents of New York state. Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. If approved, the New York Privacy Act would go into effect 180 days after enactment.
The Pennsylvania Consumer Data Privacy Act, HB 1049, would apply to any for-profit legal entity that does
business in Pennsylvania and satisfies one or more of the following: (1) has annual gross revenue of more than $10 million, (2) that collects or discloses personal information of 50,000+ state residents or households, or (3) derives more
than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data. The legislation provides no exemptions. If approved, the Pennsylvania Consumer Data Privacy Act would go into effect immediately.
The Virginia Privacy Act, H 473, would apply to any entity that conducts business in Virginia or targets Virginia intentionally with products and/or services and that
(1) either controls or processes personal data of 100,000+ consumers or (2) derives more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data and processes or controls personal data of not fewer than 25,000 customers.
Personal data subject to HIPAA and certain other laws are exempted, but data subject to FERPA are not currently included in those exemptions. The Virginia Privacy Act does not specify an effective date.
The Washington Privacy Act (WPA), SB 6281, would apply to legal entities that either process personal data of 100,000+ state residents or derive
more than 50 percent of their annual revenue from the sale of personal data and process or control personal data more than 25,000 state residents. Personal data subject to FERPA, HIPAA, and certain other laws are exempted from the WPA.
Additionally, the law does not apply to state and local governments or municipal corporations. If approved, the Washington Privacy Act would go into effect July 31, 2021.
UpdatesSourced from AACRAO Transcript. Member login required.
New Updates on State Privacy Bills
Jun 25, 2020
California Privacy Rights Act to appear on the November 2020 ballot. North Dakota universities pass state version of FERPA.
Washington Privacy Act Fails to Pass
Mar 19, 2020
Several states have pending legislation similar to the WPA and the California Consumer Privacy Act, but movement is likely to be stalled due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Senator Unveils Federal Privacy Legislation
Mar 19, 2020
Proposed bill is consistent with the current data-privacy legal frameworks and integrates themes from the CCPA and the GDPR. Legislation would exempt personal data subject to FERPA.
Growing Number of States Consider Data Privacy Laws
Jan 28, 2020
In the wake of the California Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect January 1, several other states began the new year introducing comprehensive privacy legislation of their own.
Comprehensive Privacy Law Reintroduced in Washington State
Jan 15, 2020
Under new draft legislation to regulate personal consumer data privacy, personal data subject to FERPA and HIPAA are exempt.
Resources
The International Association of Privacy Professionals created a State Comprehensive Privacy Law Comparison Map as a resource to stay abreast of the changing state-privacy landscape.
Although many of the bills included in the table will fail to become law, comparing the key provisions in each bill can be helpful in understanding how privacy is developing in the United States.AACRAOWhat you should know about the new California Consumer Privacy Act MediumWhat does the California Consumer Privacy Act Mean for Colleges and Universities? JD SupraA Comprehensive Review of the new Washington Privacy Act IAPPComparing the new Washington Privacy Act to the CCPA IAPPCCPA Amendment Tracker TermageddonNevada Privacy Law Compliance Guide AACRAOImplications of the General Data Protection Regulation: An Interassociation Guide