http://www.vantagelearning.com/privacy-policy
Vantage Learning
Measuring Success One Student At a Time
Search our site:
Home
About Us
Solutions
Adaptive Learning Platform™
CiteSmart
Consumer Products
MY Access®! College Prep
MY Access!® Home Edition
MY Access!® Professional Edition
MY Access!® Prompt Packs
CorrectEnglish® Web Academic
Save 25% on All Vantage Consumer Products
Take It To The Next Level
Custom Solutions & Consulting
Testing Services
Learning Access®
IntelliMetric®
How it Works
Benefits of IntelliMetric®
FAQs
Demonstration
iseek.ai™
MY Access!®
MA FAQs
How Does MY Access!® Score Writing?
MY Access!® in the New York City Core Curriculum
MY Editor® TextSpeak
Professional Development
MY Access!® Professional Development
Assessing Programmatic Input
March 6th – Webinar – Mining The Money: Do You Know What It Takes To Prepare To Write Grants?
Professional Development Series Feedback
RubyWrite
WriteVue
In The News
Contact Us
Login
MY Access!® Home Edition
MY Access!® College Prep
MY Access!® Professional Edition
MY Access!® School Edition
iSEEK Supercruncher™
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
When you visit any of the Vantage Learning websites you remain
anonymous. Access to some areas of the site may require registration.
When required, we will tell you why we want the information and how we
plan to use it. You may choose whether to access pages that require
registration.
We may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and other
basic information. That data will always remain protected, and we will
never add you to e-mail lists unless you make a specific request. We
will use any information we gather only to help us understand your needs
and make our website or products more valuable to you. We will not
provide any personal information to other companies or individuals
without your permission. We will always give you the option to elect not
to receive additional information from us during the registration
process. If you sign up for any of our electronic newsletters, you will
find “unsubscribe” instructions readily available in every newsletter.
Protecting Your Privacy
Vantage Learning takes every step possible to protect your privacy at
all times. We also enable security measures to protect personal
information in storage. We will not provide any personal information to
other companies or individuals without your permission. Some areas of
our website provide links to third-party sites. Vantage Learning staff
members review these sites to ensure their “safety”; however, because we
do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy
policies of any third-party sites.
Cookies
Some areas of the Vantage Learning website may use cookies to help you
customize your experience at our site. These cookies do not track
individual information for marketing purposes, and we will not contact
you without your consent. A cookie stores useful information that lets
us remember you when you return. Cookies from these sites can be read
and processed only by Vantage Learning servers. If you choose to disable
cookies in your browser, you can still access most of the website.
Questions
Vantage Learning welcomes comments and questions regarding this
privacy policy. Our staff is dedicated to protecting your personal
information and makes every effort to keep this information secure. You
may direct any questions about Vantage Learning’s privacy policy to MarketingGroup@vantagelearning.com.
Corporate LinksAbout Us Main
--Careers
--Privacy Policy
--Terms of Use
Corporate Site | Contact Us | Careers | International | McCann Associates | iSEEK | Vantage Linguistics | Vantage Communications | DigitalSports
Vantage Learning © 2016