http://www.hr.msu.edu/privacy.html
MSU Human Resources >>
Michigan State University Human Resources Web Site Privacy Statement
MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY HUMAN RESOURCES WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Human Resources at Michigan State University strives to protect the privacy of applicants, students, employees and retirees.
This online privacy statement discloses Human Resources information gathering and dissemination practices. This statement outlines the information we may collect, how we protect it, how we may use that information and how you may elect to change your information. Please note that this privacy statement does not apply to any other website maintained by, or associated with, Michigan State University.
Collection of Information
While using our public web pages you do not have to identify yourself or divulge personal information. We may collect general information from you that does not identify you personally—this may include data such as your domain name, the name of the web page from which you entered our site and which of our web pages you visited and for how long. We aggregate this information to help us better focus on the needs and interests of our visitors and to improve the overall functionality of our website.
As you use our website we will not collect any personal information including your name, street address, email address or telephone number, unless you provide the information to us voluntarily.
Human Resources at Michigan State University collects, processes and uses personal data to review and process employment applications, benefits and leave administration, background checks and other employment related functions on behalf of Michigan State University.
Rights for Individuals in the European Union
If you provide information directly to Human Resources at Michigan State University from a location in the European Union, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside the European Union to the United States.
To the extent applicable, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) grants data subjects in the European Union the right, in certain circumstances, to request access to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in the use of, or erasure of your information. Your requests pursuant to the GDPR will be subject to the retention periods of applicable federal and state law. The GDPR provides further information about your rights. You also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection authority. If you are inclined to exercise rights under the GDPR, please contact Human Resources at Michigan State University at
webmaster@msu.edu
or by calling us at 517-353-4434.
You may also write to us at:1407 S. Harrison RoadEast Lansing, MI 48823
Use and Sharing of Information
Human Resources at Michigan State University is committed to ensuring your privacy. However, Human Resources at Michigan State University may release personal information if required to do so by law, university policy or contractual obligation.
When you do provide us with personal data, we may share the information with background check agencies, online training resources, labor unions, and routinely used third party services to process employment information, and benefit providers and consultants.
Access To Your Personal Information
You may review, update and correct the personal information you provided to Human Resources at Michigan State University at
webmaster@msu.edu
or by calling us at 517-353-4434.
You may also write to us at:1407 S. Harrison RoadEast Lansing, MI 48823
Users can correct or update their applicant data by logging into their application profile at
http://careers.msu.edu, or by calling MSU Human Resources at 517-353-4434.
Third Party Tracking Technology
This site uses a tracking technology called Google Analytics to obtain site usage information such as users’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the site is visited. Data obtained through Google Analytics does not include and is not linked to any personal information. Data from Google Analytics allows us to monitor the use of this site, understand how users find our Site, and improve the site’s function and content.
Site usage data collected through Google Analytics is not shared with other Google products and tools.  Our use of Google Analytics is in compliance with Google’s Terms of Service and the MSU Access to Student Information Guidelines. Google provides more information about Google’s privacy practices and information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking of your web browsing.
This site uses Google Custom Search.
Cookies
When you view our website we may store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie. Cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any of your personally identifiable information while on our site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies you may not be able to fully experience all of the features and content of our website.
Our Commitment To Security
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. Safeguards include restricted access to computer systems and paper files, firewalls, encryption and secure authentication methods.
Your Consent To This Privacy Statement
By using our website you signify that you agree with the terms of our current privacy statement. If you do not agree with any term in this statement, please do not provide any personal information on this site. If you do not provide personal information on this website, you may not be able to do certain things such as access particular areas of the site, request certain types of information, or send us an email.
Changes To This Statement
We may occasionally decide to change our privacy statement especially as new features are added to our website. If there are changes to this statement, we will post those changes here so you are aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
How to Contact Us
If you have any other questions or concerns about this privacy statement, please call us at 517-353-4434 or send us an e-mail at
webmaster@msu.edu.
This policy was last updated in June 2018.
Quick Links
Retirees
Students
EBS Help
Union Contracts
Employee Toolkits
Source Newsletter
Development Courses
Healthcare Reform
Employment Verifications
Social Media and Feeds
Facebook
Twitter
WordPress Blog
Tweets by msuhr
Contacts
1407 S. Harrison Road
East Lansing, MI 48823
Phone: 517-353-4434
Toll Free: 800-353-4434
Email HR
Contact HR
HR Service Directory
EBS Login
About HR
Call Us: (517) 353-4434
Contact Information
Privacy Statement
Call MSU: (517) 355-1855
Visit: msu.edu
MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer.
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Spartans Will.
© Michigan State University
©