https://www.bathcollege.ac.uk/help-advice/choosing-the-right-course
College Information
About Us
Join Our Team
Meet Our Team
Term Dates
College Campuses
Construction Skills Centre
How the College is Organised
Governance and Reports
Vision and Strategic Plans
16-18 Performance Tables
Study With Us
Course Finder
A-Z Subjects
All Courses
International
Apprenticeships
Traineeships
Degree Level Courses
Full-time Qualifications
Part-time Qualifications
Part-time Love2learn
Adult Community Learning
Foundation Learning
SEND / Inclusion
Free Courses
Employers
College Life
The College Day
Students’ Union
Student Accommodation
Library and Learning Resource Centre
Student Wellbeing
Getting to College
Volunteering and Activites
Sport
Exams Office
Student Voice
Student Handbook
Student Code of Conduct
Staff and Student Links
What’s On
Events
Open Days
News & Blog
Shop & Services
College Shop
The Academy
The Flower Shop
Room Hire
Help & Advice
Student Advice Centre
Choosing the right course
Where could college take you?
Careers Advice
Qualifications Explained
Parents and Carers
Support for Schools
Funding and Fees
Staying Safe Outside College
Emergency Procedures
Privacy Information
FAQ’s
Anonymous Contact
Contact
Job Vacancies
Potential Subcontractors
Staff and Student Links
Employer Links
A
A
A
Home / Help and Advice / Choosing the right course / programme of study
Your Choices
Under Government guidelines, you must now stay in education or training until the age of 18.
This means that you have three options to choose from when you finish Year 11, as you enter a stage known as post-16 education or Key Stage 5:
Go to college to study a full-time academic or vocational programme
Stay at school (if they have a sixth form)
Start a training programme in the form of an apprenticeship or traineeship
Whilst many of our students come straight from year 11 with a range of GCSEs, there are many students who make a real success of their time at the College who haven’t come via this ‘traditional’ route. You may have:
come from a school that does not offer GCSEs
not done as well as you know you could because you felt that school wasn’t ‘right’ for you
been ill or had difficult situations
Don’t worry. If you think you haven’t got the entry requirements for our courses – come and talk to us, we have great progression courses that will help you to a bright future.
What can I study at post-16?
There are many different qualifications so it can get a bit confusing. At Bath College you get the chance to continue with subjects you studied at school or take up something new. We have courses at all levels. It’s important that you find the level that is the right starting point for you, then work your way up.
The diagram below shows the routes available to you and you can find out more about each type of qualification here.
What else do I need to know?
GCSEs are changing
From  September  2016, new GCSEs will be graded differently. They will no longer be A*-G, but will now be graded 9-1 (9 being the highest grade).
The table below shows how the two grading systems compare. Please note that the old grade ‘C’ is now a grade ‘4’. The new grade 5 is the equivalent of a strong grade C pass.
The other change is that GCSEs are now ‘linear’, which means the exams you sit at the end of Year 11, in most subjects will dictate your overall grade.
There are three phases to the changes. In August 2017 you’ll receive numbers for English and Maths. All GCSEs will be graded with numbers in August 2019
Programmes of Study
Students no longer study a qualification at post-16 level, as a student you will undertake a programme of study.
A study programme is designed to meet your individual needs and provides you with the knowledge and skills required for employment or further study. Each study programme is made up of the following:
Academic, vocational or technical qualification
Work experience and/or employability skills
Personal and social development
English and/or maths development (if required – see below)
English and Maths at Post-16
It is extremely important that young people have a strong understanding of both maths and English. Both employers and universities look at these as fundamental skills required to operate effectively in the 21st century.
Therefore, if you have not achieved a grade C/grade 4 in English and/or maths, you will continue to study these when you enter post-16 education. If this applies to you, this will form part of your timetable, where you will either be re-entered to re-sit your GCSE in that subject or study Functional Skills, until you are ready to re-sit your GCSE in that subject.
You need only pass one English subject at grade C/4 or above to be exempt from studying English post-16. However, some careers and degree programmes look for a GCSE at grade C/4 in English Language as a prerequisite e.g. the Childcare and Early Years sector.
At Bath College, the following applies in regards to English and maths:
If you have a D/3 you will work towards retaking your GCSE, studying 3 hours per week for each subject.
If your grade in either subject is lower than a D/3, you will sit a key skills assessment to determine which level of Functional Skills you will study. Following successful progress through the Functional Skills levels (1.5 hours per week for each subject), you will be entered to re-sit your GCSE.
Where could college take you?
Find out where a course at Bath College could take you next.
Further Advice
If you are still confused about what is the right path for you contact our Student Advice Centre.
Help and Advice
Anonymous Contact
Support for Schools
Choosing the right course / programme of study
Funding and Fees
SEND / Inclusion Service
Contact Us
Careers Advice
Future Bright (B&NES Service)
Fair Processing Notice
Student Advice Centre
Leaving School
Parents and Carers
Qualifications Explained
FAQ’s
Upcoming Events
Virtual Open Day
2nd December 2020 - 4:00 pm - 30th June 2021 - 7:00 pm
View All Events
Latest News
Bath College works with Compassionate Community Hub to feed students this Christmas
Post-pandemic retraining programme launched by Bath College and Bath Spa University
Small Businesses Call for Urgent Action on Skills
Twitter
Bath College @BathCollege
RT @LittyMan: @BathCollege Carpentry students making 8 sided pegs for oak framing @EnglishOak_1 Visit to the workshop to see how oak frames…
Your opinions count Comments, compliments and complaints? Please let us know what you think
HAVE YOUR SAY
Courses you may like
Award in Creative Media Production & Technology
Part Time Qualifications
£300.00
Business HNC (Part Time)
Degree Level
Computing HND
Degree Level
X
CLOSE
Your Wishlist
Continue Browsing
We use cookies to personalise site content, social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of this site with our advertising and social media partners.
Privacy Center
Accept
This site uses cookies More infoNo problem