https://www.nassp.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
|
NASSP
Log In
Create an Account
Join NASSP
School of Thought
Career Center
Store
Partners & Advertisers
Affiliates
Contact Us
View Cart
Search for:
News and Resources
COVID-19 Resources
Publications
Research for School Leaders
Media Relations
NASSP Approved Student Programs
School Leader’s Review
Principal’s PR Portal
Professional Learning
Building Ranks™
Online Professional Development
On-Site Learning
Conferences
Center for Principal Leadership
Assistant Principal Leadership Center
The Wallace Foundation Resources
LFA College and Career Readiness Tools
Recognition
Principal of the Year
Assistant Principal of the Year
Digital Principal of the Year
National Principals Month
National Assistant Principals Week
Middle Level Education Month
Student Awards
Breakthrough Schools
Distinguished Service Awards
Policy & Advocacy Center
Take Action
NASSP Position Statements
NASSP Advocacy Conference
Latest Advocacy News
Learn the Issues
NASSP and LPI Research Agenda
Events
Principal Recovery Network
Principal PPE Resources
Calendar
Who We Are
Membership Benefits
Board of Directors
Student Leadership
Contact Us
Strategic Intent
Annual Report
Careers at NASSP
State Affiliates
Privacy Policy
The National Association of Secondary School Principals (“NASSP”) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its websites, including www.nhs.us, www.njhs.us, www.nehs.org, www.natstuco.org, www.nassp.org, and https://community.nassp.org/home (the “Site”). This policy describes the type of information we collect, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information through this Site, as well as through other channels.
NASSP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes at this location and provide you with notice of any material changes so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Please review this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis.
If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy, you may opt to not use the NASSP site and provide NASSP with your information.
Contact Details
NASSP has designated a Data Privacy Manager/Chief Data Officer to answer any questions or concerns you may have regarding our Privacy Policy and our practices regarding information you provide to us. Please contact:
NASSP
1904 Association Drive, Reston, VA 20191-1537
Attn: Data Privacy Manager
Email: privacy@nassp.org
NASSP’s Mission Purpose; Legitimate Interests
NASSP is the voice for principals and other school leaders across the United States. NASSP’s mission is to transform education through school leadership and fulfil each student’s potential on great leaders in every school committed to the success of each student. As such, any information we collect serves to further our mission, including but not limited to the following:
Provide relevant information to our potential members, active members, State Affiliates, constituents, and the public
Provide relevant information concerning the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Student Council
Respond to inquiries relating to the Association
Promote NASSP’s events, programs, and activities
Perform our contractual obligations with members in good standing, State Affiliates, registered attendees at our events, and subscribers of our publications and other products/services.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Anonymous Data
We do not collect any personal information from visitors browsing the public areas of our Site. We do collect data such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name of a visitor’s computer. This information is used only as anonymous aggregate data to help us customize our website content and advertising to make our sites more useful. We may share this anonymous data with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties.
For some emails that we send in HTML format to our members through our list-serves and electronic newsletters, we track whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message and collect specific information such as: email address of a user, the date and time of the user’s "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. We use this information solely to enhance our products and their distribution to our members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
Personal Information; Purposes
You can access some areas of the Site without submitting any information to us. However, if you wish to access additional content available on the Site or participate in some of NASSP’s activities, you may be asked to provide certain personal information for the following purposes:
Apply for NASSP membership
Register for NASSP events, conferences, or seminars
Order products and services from NASSP.
Apply for NASSP scholarships
Apply to participate in the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Student Council
Access our Members-Only resources
Create website account
Donate to NASSP
Contact NASSP
You will be entering into a contract with us by participating in any of the activities described in A through E.
NASSP only collects personal information you voluntarily submit to NASSP. NASSP collects the following types of personal information:
Your name
Date of birth
Your school or business name
Mailing address
Email address
Phone
Fax
It is NASSP’s general policy to keep your personal information for a period of 7 years following your last contact with us, or your last business transaction with NASSP, including all activities described in A through E above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NASSP may keep your personal data for a longer period as required by law or as needed in legal proceedings.
NO COLLECTION OF SPECIAL DATA
NASSP does not collect any special categories of personal data such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, genetic data, etc. Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
To third parties: The name, title, school or business name, and mailing address of registrants to our conventions and seminars may be shared with the sponsors of these meetings for meeting promotional purposes or with third parties that offer products and services that may be of interest to the registrants. Additionally, we sell member mailing information that includes name, title, school or business name, and mailing address through a third party vendor. We do not include phone numbers, fax numbers or e-mail addresses. You can remove yourself from this mail list by contacting our Customer Care Department at membership@nassp.org or 800-253-7746. Any form on which you are asked to provide personal information (such as membership application or conference registration forms) will include an opt-out box.
NASSP uses email, phone numbers and fax numbers to fulfill member benefits and to promote our own programs, products and services. We may send a limited number of emails promoting the products or services of our top sponsors. You may elect to opt-out of receiving these emails from NASSP by contacting our Customer Care Department at membership@nassp.org or 800-253-7746.
Credit Card Account Information. We do not disclose credit card account information provided by our members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, we submit the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse for processing. After you type or call it in, your complete credit card number is transferred to this secure machine across a proprietary one-way interface. This computer is not accessible by network or modem, and the number is not stored anywhere else, with the exception of facilitating our normal data backup requirements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, NASSP may disclose your personal information as required by law or as needed in legal proceedings when NASSP believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets to a third party, we may also disclose your personal information to the third parties. In the event of such a transaction, the personal information held by NASSP will be among the assets transferred to the buyer.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
Cookies are small files that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it possible for you to use an online “shopping cart” to keep track of items you wish to purchase. NASSP uses cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you visit our site. For example, we use cookies to make surfing our site easier by automatically performing certain functions such as saving your personal preferences and by ensuring that you don’t see the same advertisement repeatedly. We do not use cookies to record passwords or credit card or other financial information. We also use cookies to study the traffic patterns on our site: which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse them. However, by doing so you may not have access to the full benefit of our website.
One way we use cookies is in conjunction with Google AdWords. AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google. It connects the activity of www.nassp.org and its associated web properties with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. You can opt out of the cookie tracking here:
https://adssettings.google.com/
CHILD PRIVACY POLICY AND PARENTAL CONSENT STATEMENT
NASSP wants to protect the safety of children using the Site. To the extent applicable, NASSP complies with applicable laws and regulations, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), which governs information gathering online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child’s parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13.
Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, in any instance where NASSP asks for age and determine the user if under the age of 13, NASSP will require a parent or guardian email address in order to send a consent form to the parent/guardian for verifiable consent before NASSP collects any personal information from children under the age of 13.
Without obtaining verifiable parental consent, online contact information collected from a child is only used to respond directly on a one-time basis to a specific request from the child and is not used to re-contact the child and is not maintained in retrievable form by NASSP.
In addition to obtaining verifiable consent according to the process described above, NASSP does NOT:
collect personally identifiable offline contact information of a child under age 13 without prior parental consent.
provide any personally identifiable information, regardless of its source, to any third-party for any purpose whatsoever concerning our Users under 13 years of age, unless otherwise disclosed to children and their parents during the information collection process.
give children under age 13 the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.
entice any child by the prospect of a special game, prize, or other activity to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.
There are several exceptions that permit collection of a child’s e-mail address without receiving parental consent in advance:
To provide the parents with notice and to seek consent for communications with the child. Note: this may require collection of the parent’s e-mail address as well.
To protect the safety of a child who is participating on the site; i.e., in a message board
To protect the Website or to respond to law enforcement; i.e., in the case of a Website compromise.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website contains links to other websites. NASSP has no control over these sites and they are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Please check the privacy policies of these sites to determine how your personal information will be used.
SOCIAL MEDIA
The NASSP website includes social media features, such as the Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram buttons that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address or log which page you are visiting on our site, and/or may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
NASSP places a premium on making sure that personal identifying information remains private and secure and is not subject to misuse or manipulation. Our Site has industry standard security measures in place, including storage of personal identifying information in a secure environment, to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under NASSP’s control. Although we have endeavored to create a secure and reliable Site, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, you should consider carefully if you want to submit sensitive information via the Internet.
AMENDMENTS AND UPDATES
NASSP will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here so that Users will know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy.
Updated: June 2018
Share This Page
National Association of Secondary School Principals
1904 Association Drive, Reston, VA 20191-1537
P: 703-860-0200
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Media
Linking Policy
Store FAQ
© 2020 National Association of Secondary School Principals
Stay Connected