http://www.fairfaxhouse.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu  Plan Your Visit
Opening TimesTickets and admissionFinding UsGroup VisitsFamily VisitsAudio GuidesUseful InformationAccess
House & Collections
Unlock the splendour within…Explore the TownhouseExplore the CollectionThe King David PanelExhibitions
What’s OnLearnHospitality & Hire
Private DiningReceptions, Meetings & Special EventsFilming & Press
Support us
Seeing Fairfax House in a New LightDonateVolunteer with usFriends of Fairfax HouseGive a giftSt George’s Oral History ProjectWork with us
Exhibitions
Discover the finest Georgian Townhouse in England where city-life behind closed doors unfolds
Let Fairfax House transport you to the splendour of city-living in eighteenth century York
Its beautiful collection of furniture and furnishings brings the house to life
Experience its richly decorated interiors and magnificent stucco ceilings
Explore our hidden treasures...
Discover the secrets within...
Privacy Policy
MESSAGE TO EVERY MEMBER, CUSTOMER AND CONTACT
Your personal information
Here at York Civic Trust and Fairfax House we strive to deliver our objective of “Promoting Heritage – Shaping Tomorrow”. We need to collect and use personal information to do this, and the arrival of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in May 2018 has been a welcome reminder to us to review the way we do this.   As a result we’ve made changes to our Privacy Policy (insert link to either YCT or FH website, both containing the single policy).   If you are content with this policy and the way we communicate with you, you do not need to do anything—we will continue with your consent to operate as we have done in the past.
Please contact us at any time with questions you might have about our use of your personal data:  email info@yorkcivictrust.co.uk or info@fairfaxhouse.co.uk or telephone 01904 655543.
You have the right to opt-out of receiving communications at any time and we provide an ability to do so every time we contact you.
PRIVACY POLICY
We know it is important to keep your personal information private and secure, under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of May 2018. This privacy policy explains how and why we use your personal data, to make sure you stay informed and can be confident about giving us your information.
We will keep this page updated to show you all the things we do with your personal data. This policy applies if you are a member, donor, volunteer, customer or employee of York Civic Trust, although the information we hold may vary according to which category you belong to.
We will never sell your personal data. We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with other organisations who are acting on our behalf. In doing this we comply with all aspects of the GDPR.
Who are “we”?
In this policy, “we” refers to York Civic Trust, Fairfax House Museum (an operating department of York Civic Trust) and Fairfax House York Enterprises Ltd (a wholly-owned trading company of York Civic Trust)
York Civic Trust has charity registration number 229336, company number 00486282 and ICO registration number Z7401294. Fairfax House York Enterprises has company number 04490278.
What personal information do we collect and how do we use it and store it?
The type of personal information that we collect and use may include your name, address, phone number and e-mail address, survey responses, and where appropriate Gift Aid Declarations, bank account and direct debit details, and details of relevant interests, skills, and special circumstances, which you give to us.
This information is collected when you join us as a member, visit our museum, contact us to update your details, respond to surveys, purchase tickets for our services or events, or request to receive specific communications.
We use this personal information in ways which we believe you would reasonably expect on becoming a member, acting as a volunteer to carry out our activities, visiting our museum, purchasing tickets, goods and services, or requesting to receive specific mailings. The legal basis for holding and processing this information is ‘consent’ under the GDPR. We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for these uses.
How can you check what we hold?
At any time you may request details of personal information which we hold about you, amend this information or ask for it to be removed. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the Data Protection Officer, York Civic Trust, Fairfax House, Castlegate, York, England, YO1 9RN, call 01904 655543 or email us at info@yorkcivictrust.co.uk or info@fairfaxhouse.co.uk.
This notice was updated on 7 June 2018