http://www.johnco.cc.ks.us/student-resources/technical-support/password-help.html
Skip to main content
We use cookies to make sure the website can function, to measure traffic and to
support the marketing of our services. To change your preferences or to
opt-out, go to our privacy statement. By using this website, you agree to our
privacy statement and website terms of use.
Accept and Continue
JCCC Notice:
Please minimize non-essential visits to campus to help us maintain the safest possible learning environment.
For the latest updates, about JCCC and COVID-19, visit jccc.edu/covid19.
MORE
Effective November 25:
Some face-to-face instruction will move to remote delivery; some instruction will continue on campus. Check with your instructors
Academic support services will continue on campus.
Non-academic student support services will move to remote delivery
Students who are currently attending face-to-face classes should verify with their face-to-face instructors how the remainder of their class sessions will be delivered. Students who are taking online courses will continue online as planned for the remainder of the semester.
Details regarding all available student services are on the Student Resources webpage.
Students who need equipment to transition to online learning or who are experiencing food or housing insecurity or other hardships should contact the Student Basic Needs Center.
Reminder: If you develop symptoms of COVID-19, contact your health care provider.
More JCCC information and resources are at jccc.edu/covid19.
For up-to-date details on the pandemic, see the Centers for Disease Control's COVID-19 webpage.
Username & Password Help
Home
Student Resources
Technical Support
Username & Password Help
It's important to keep your JCCC credentials up to date so you can securely access the tools and services you need.
Need to set up a new JCCC account?
Visit the TSC Knowledge Base
You will use your account username and password to log in to many of the tools available at JCCC. You will use them to access MyJCCC, Canvas, your JCCC email account, Office 365 and more.
Setting up your account is easy, and it's essential that you keep it private and up to date.
Do not share your password with anyone — including your parents, professors, staff members and counselors.
If you have a new JCCC account, or have never registered an older account, you need to first register your account to set up security questions and answers and provide verification phone numbers and email addresses. This will enable you to easily update or recover your password at any time. The registration process requires your provide your full email address, not just your username.
Register Account
If you have already registered your account, know your current login and want to change your password. You will need to provide your full email address, not just your username.
Change Password
If you have already registered your account and know your username, but need your password. You will need to provide your full email address, not just your username.
Recover Password
As a security measure, the system will disable your account after you enter the wrong password 5 times. Call the Technical Support Center at 913-469-8500, ext. 4357, to have your account enabled.
If you don't know your username.
Retrieve Username
If you have already registered your account and want to change your security questions.
Update Security Questions
Need more help?  Chat with Technical Support
Monday-Friday: 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
When crafting your message, your username can be your true name or an alias.
After you type a question into the dialog box, please wait for the technical support staff to respond. Technicians may be busy helping others. Someone will be with you as soon as possible.
If your message is not being answered during our available hours, please refresh your page and try again.
Be polite and let the technical support staff know when your question has been answered or if you need to end the session.
If you need assistance resetting your password, please be sure to have easy access to a computer to complete this process. You may also contact us by phone at 913-469-8500, ext. 4357 (HELP) and leave a message.
You can also call the Technical Support Center at 913-469-8500, ext. 4357.
Frequently Asked Questions
None of the passwords I create meet the requirements! What am I doing wrong?
The best passwords are unique — so they're not easily guessed — and memorable to you — because a password that is written down isn't a secure password.
MyJCCC passwords must meet the following criteria:
10 to 16 characters (longer passwords are even better!)
It MUST include at least three of the following:
at least one number (0-9)
at least one non-alpha-numeric symbol, like @ # $ % ^ & * - _ ! + = :, etc.
at least one capital letter
at least one lower-case letter
It MUST NOT include part of your username, first name or last name
Do not reuse a password you have used before or one you use on other accounts.
Note: The JCCC system compares contributed passwords to a library of passwords that are known to be easily compromised. If your password includes a recognizable word, it may be rejected because it is in that library of known passwords.
Why should I register my account?
Your MyJCCC credentials give you access to access a variety of applications and tools, including e-mail, the MyJCCC portal, Canvas, MyFinances, Office 365, Papercut and the JCCC wi-fi network.
By registering your account, you'll set up additional authentication information (cell phone, alternate e-mail address and security questions) that will allow you to easily change and recover your username and password at any time.
What if I've forgotten my MyJCCC password and haven't registered it yet?
You can contact the Technical Support Center at 913-469-8500, ext. 4357 (HELP) for assistance.
Will registering or changing my MyJCCC username or password change my Continuing Education account credentials?
No.
Continuing Education (CE) student usernames and passwords are managed separately from your MyJCCC credentials. To create a Continuing Education user account, reset your current CE password, or retrieve your current CE username, go to the CE registration website.
If you have issues with your Continuing Education login, call the JCCC Continuing Education registration specialists at 913-469-2323.
I have more than one JCCC email address. Do I have to register both of them?
Yes.
People who have both username@jccc.edu and username@stumail.jccc.edu accounts should complete the registration process for each of their email addresses.
If you have established an account with JCCC Continuing Education, you will need to maintain and manage that account separately.
Can I update my credentials using my smartphone or tablet?
You can register, update or recover your credentials using any device that provides browser access to the internet.
For additional information, check out Password Expiration Help.
What do I do if I think my MyJCCC account has been hacked or compromised?
Contact the Technical Support Center for assistance.
Phone: 913-469-8500 x4357 (HELP)
Email: techsupport@jccc.edu
Walk-ins: Regnier Center (RC), second floor, room 271, Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-5 p.m.
Student Resources
Academic Advising & Counseling
Academic Resource Center
Access Services
Career Development
Continuing Education Student Resources
Computer Labs
Course Delivery Methods
Graduation Requirements
Healthcare Simulation Center
Library
Personal Counseling
Police & Safety
Printing On Campus
Student Handbook
Student Records
Student Basic Needs Center
Student Wellness
Technical Support
Username & Password Help
MyJCCC Help
Student Email Help
Password Expiration Help
Testing Centers
Transfer Information and Services
Veteran & Military Student Services
Menu
Search
Login
Enroll
×
Search
Search
About JCCC
Accreditation
Our Campus
Center for Sustainability
Our Story
Leadership & Governance
Strategic Plan
Contact JCCC
JCCC Foundation
Academics
Credit Programs
Continuing Education
Admissions
Apply
Campus Visit
Early College
Credit Enrollment
Financial Aid
International & Immigrant Students (IISS)
JCCC ID Card
New Student Orientation
Student Success Center
Tuition
Campus Life
JCCC Bookstore
Child Development Center
Dining Services
Insurance
JCCC Stories
Student Housing
Student Activities and Organizations
Community Resources
Johnson County Adult Education
CLEAR
Dental Hygiene Clinic
Facilities Scheduling
Guest Wireless Access
Kansas Small Business Development Center
Pastry Shop
Kansas PTAC
Cosmetology Salon School Services
Speakers Bureau
Volunteer at JCCC
Youth Programs
News & Media Resources
JCCC and COVID-19
Media Contacts and Releases
Online Learning
Getting Started
Online Degrees and Certificates
Online Continuing Ed Courses
Complaint Process for Out of State Students
Out-of-State-Student Complaints
Winter Session
Student Resources
Academic Advising & Counseling
Academic Resource Center
Access Services
Career Development
Continuing Education Student Resources
Computer Labs
Course Delivery Methods
Graduation Requirements
Healthcare Simulation Center
Library
Personal Counseling
Police & Safety
Printing On Campus
Student Handbook
Student Records
Student Basic Needs Center
Student Wellness
Technical Support
Testing Centers
Transfer Information and Services
Veteran & Military Student Services
Catalog
Directory
Maps
A-Z Index
Credit Class Schedule
Continuing Ed Course Search
High School College Now Classes
Get Involved @ JCCC
My JCCC
My Finances
Canvas
Password Reset
Office 365
Continuing Education Account
InfoHub
Enroll