http://www.readfaster.com/privacy.asp
Contact
Store
Privacy PolicyTerms of Use
Privacy Policy
The Literacy Company is the sole owner of the information collected on our website. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Registration
In order to use some of the services of this website, a User must fill in the required information to be granted access. During registration a User is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the User about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Order
We request information from the User on our order form. Here a User must provide contact information (like name and billing address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the User.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that The Literacy Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our Users to be aware that when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of information, which includes information about your preferences on our site. This information is sent to your browser from our website's server and stored on your computer's hard drive. If your computer is configured to reject all cookies, you will not be able to use our Account Login service.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our Users' information. When Users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. We protect your personal information using a GoDaddy High-Assurance SSL certificate. Users can be confident their information is safe when shopping at The Literacy Company (www.readfaster.com).
Bookmark & Share
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Sitemap
Privacy
Contact
Copyright 2020 The Literacy Company. Designed by Rareview
Questions? Call (866) 732-3327