http://www.cantonart.org/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CMA welcomes you to enjoy our spectacular Winter Exhibitions.Galleries now open during normal museum hours.Winter Exhibitions tickets are on-sale now - reserve timed tickets HERE
Open Today: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
ABOUTHistoryAnnual Report
Art Collection
Museum History
Past Events
Past Exhibitions
Board of Trustees
Employment
Internships
Staff
VolunteerCanton Artists League
Canton Ceramic Artists Guild
Canton Fine Arts Associates
Canton HeART Guild
Event Volunteers
Gallery Tour Guides
Volunteer Angels
Calendar
MembershipBecome A Member
Renew Your Membership
Business Membership
DonateDonate Today
Giving Tuesday
Our Sponsors
Planned Giving
Sponsorship Opportunities
LEARNSchool of ArtAdult & Teen Workshops & Classes
Kids Classes & Workshops
Summer Art Camp
Scholarships
Instructors
Art Collection
Art for Health & Healing Program
Birthday Parties
Educator Resources
From Home
Gallery Tours
Museum To Go Program
Scouts
ShopArtisan Boutique
Gift Cards
Fine Art Prints
ContactContact Us
Hours & AdmissionHours
Directions
Gallery Tours
Join E-Mail List
Follow Us
Announcement
Plan Your VisitExhibitions
Artisan Boutique
Become a Member
Hours & AdmissionHours & Admission
Reserve Tickets
Know Before You Visit
Directions
Accessibility
Know Before You Visit
Gallery Tours
Calendar
Visit Canton
Reserve Tickets
Contact Us
Explore the MuseumArt Collection
Virtual Gallery Tour
Magazine
Facility Rentals
Become a Member
News
Events & ClassesCalendar
School of ArtAdult & Teen Workshops & Classes
Kids Classes & Workshops
Summer Art Camp
Scholarships
Upcoming EventsArt Harvest
Christkindl Markt
First Friday
gARTen Fundraiser
Ceramics Guild Annual Spring Sale
School’s Out FREE Mondays
Soul Soiree: An Artful Evening with CMA
Stark County High School Art Exhibit
Support UsDonate Today
Soul Soiree
Business Membership
Sponsorship Opportunities
VolunteerEvent Volunteers
Gallery Tour Guides
Canton Fine Arts Associates
Canton Ceramic Artists Guild
Canton Artists League
Canton Fiber Arts Guild
Canton HeART Guild
Volunteer Angels
Planned Giving
Canton POS
Home /
Content /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Canton Museum of Art (CMA) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Canton Museum of Art website and governs data collection and usage for all CMA sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the CMA Statement of Privacy. CMA is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
E-Commerce Transaction:  Collection of your Personal Information
As an e-commerce website, CMA collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by CMA is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your purchases. CMA does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
CMA encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CMA so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CMA website.
Use of your Personal Information
CMA and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to register for classes, order tickets, reserve ticktets for events, process Museum Shop orders, and deliver the products requested. It is possible that CMA may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from CMA and its affiliates. CMA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CMA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. CMA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
CMA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
CMA may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CMA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CMA, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CMA or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which CMA or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. CMA abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Mailing List Control
You may stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from CMA by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
CMA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this Statement
CMA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how CMA will use your personal information, CMA will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. CMA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CMA is protecting your information.
Donate Today
Be the first to hear about News Exhibitions & Events
Subscribe
VisitHours and Admission
Directions
Exhibitions
Events
Know Before You Visit
SupportDonate Today
Become a Member
Sponsorships
Volunteer
School of ArtAdult & Teen Workshops & Classes
Kids Classes & Workshops
Summer Art Camp
PoliciesTerms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Refunds and Returns
call us330.453.76661001 market avenue n canton, ohio 44702Copyright © 2009-2017 Canton Museum of Art