http://www.west-lothian.ac.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Home
>Terms and Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully as they govern the use of this website.
Terms with an initial capitalised letter are defined in the Terms of Use unless defined to the contrary in this Privacy Policy.
1. Data Controller
This Site is designed for use in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland only. The data controller of personal data collected through this website is
For residents of the United Kingdom:
West Lothian College
Registered in Scotland No SCO21216
Registered office: Almondvale Crescent, Livingston, West Lothian, EH54 7EP
www.west-lothian.ac.uk
We are committed to protecting your personal data and complying with relevant data protection legislation. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information that is collected by us on this Site, and how we use and protect it. This Statement also outlines your rights regarding data protection, and tells you how to contact us. This Statement applies only to this Site. For example, it does not apply to banners, advertisements or promotions we may sponsor or participate in on websites owned by third parties.
2. Personal data and its uses
What we collect and why
When referring to "personal data", we mean information we collect from you, from which you may be personally identified. Typically, this may include your name, work address, work telephone number (including mobile number), work credit card information, screen name, work email address and IP address. Please be assured that we will not collect any personal data from your visits to our Site unless you provide this information voluntarily.
When you supply personal data to us through this Site, it will be clear what we plan to use the data for and we will seek your consent to such use. We will then use it only for such purposes. Typical purposes are as follows:
(a) Answering your queries
Where you send us personal data in the context of asking us a question or query (for example, about the company, or its products or services or their quality or availability), we shall use the data you provide in order to respond to your question. In some cases, it may be necessary to share your details with other members of the West Lothian College Group, or with other third party data processors.
(b) Future direct marketing
Where you elect to receive such material, we will from time to time send you information and/or offers about our goods and/or services which we believe may be of interest to you. If you agree, we may also share your data with or pass it to other companies in the West Lothian College Group and other carefully selected companies who may wish to send you information and/or offers about their goods/services, as stated at the time we collect your data. At any time, however, you may unsubscribe from ("opt out" of) such future contact.
3. Data Processors
At times we may retain third parties to process or analyse data we collect on our Sites, including your personal data. For example, the Site may be maintained or hosted by a specialist IT services agency, and any promotions may be administered by a sales promotion agency. In addition, if you order a product or service from us, we may share personal data with suppliers and other third parties to allow payment and delivery of such product or service. These suppliers and other third parties are contractually obliged not to use your personal data in any way other than that which we have specified.
4. Security
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal data secure, and require third party data processors to do likewise. All personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse. Please note, however, that we may release your personal data if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order.
5. Cookies etc
(a) Use of cookies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. When you visit our Site we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our Site and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly. To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Site and to help us improve the structure of our Site. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Two types of cookies may be used on this Site; "session cookies", which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the Site, and "persistent cookies", which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
(b) Use of web beacons
Some of our Site pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These web beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign. Because web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe for a web page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, where they are used in conjunction with cookies they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or by changing the cookie setting on your browser.
(c) Disabling/enabling cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
There are a number of ways to manage cookies. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences. Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website privacy policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as "P3P" features (Privacy Preferences Platform). You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:
Open 'Windows Explorer' Click on the 'Search' button on the tool bar Type "cookie" into the search box for 'Folders and Files' Select 'My Computer' in the 'Look In' box Click 'Search Now' Double click on the folders that are found 'Select' any cookie file Hit the 'Delete' button on your keyboard
If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select "cookies" in the "Help" function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
6. Your rights
Under EU data protection law, your rights include:-
(a) a right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data to which you have previously consented;
(b) a right to obtain a copy of the personal data which we hold about you (we reserve the right to charge a small fee for the exercise of this right);
(c) a right to object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing.
(d) a right to have incorrect personal data we hold about you corrected.
8. Contact points
If you wish to raise any data protection issue with us, or exercise any of your legal rights, please contact us:-
For residents of the UK:
West Lothian College, Almondvale Crescent, Livingston, West Lothian, EH54 7EP
Email address: enquiries@west-lothian.ac.uk