https://www.life.edu/privacy-policy/
arrow-down
arrow-left
arrow-nav
arrow-right
arrow-up
close
db-alumni
db-current
db-faculty
db-fmaily
db-future
db-online
download
facebook
gallery
help
linked-in
maximize
menu
minimize
pause
play
print
search
share
twitter
youtube
zinfolio
Privacy Policy
Open Gallery
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June,2018
Life University (“us”, “we” or “our”) operates the http://LIFE.edu website, various emails and software systems, including mobile applications(the “Services”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information (as defined below) when you use our Services. We will not use or share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This policy pertains to anyone who accesses our websites, emails, or software systems, including mobile applications.  By using the Services, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://LIFE.edu.
Life University strictly abides by the provisions of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). All members of the University community are trained on the components of FERPA and its regulations. Refer to the Life University FERPA policy, which can be found at  https://www.LIFE.edu/academic-pages/registrar/ferpa/.
Information We Collect And How We Use It
Information You Provide To Us
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may includeinformation that can directly or indirectly be used to personally identify you, including, but not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address, or other information (“Personal Information”). We collect this information for the purpose of identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and otherwiseimproving our services.  Other examples of how we collect information you provide to us include:
In the course of our application processes for both admissions and employment purposes;
As part of our fundraising and advancement activities, including obtaining and processing information as part of our efforts in soliciting and collecting contributions and in-kind donations (more information about the specific uses of your information in our advancement activities can be found here);
Through hosting events and having participants register and submit Personal Information in the course of their participation;
As we receive and respond to email, texts and other digital communications;
Through data sharing with vendors and partners, (e.g., those processing payments for the institution, other academic program partnerships , including study abroad, companies that are hosting or storing data on our behalf etc.);
This is not an exhaustive list of how we collect data that you provide to us.  Please be advised that as an educational institution that provides health care services, we collect and process your data in ways germane to our standard business processes for providing educational and health care services.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third-parties may use cookies to help us analyze how our users are using the Service and they have their own Privacy Policies addressing how they use such information.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a service that is provided by Google Inc.  We use Google Analytics to provide us with analysis of usage of our Services.
You can opt-out from Google Analytics service from using your information by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser tool: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
Life University uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third-party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
Google AdWords is a remarketing service provided by Google Inc. We use Google AdWords to market our services to:
those who may have an interest in our services based upon their search queries matching our keywords.
those who may have an interest in our services based upon the pages they have visited on our site.
Google or other third parties may show you ads based upon these criteria, using cookies to determine the ads to display.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Opt-out From Direct Marketing
We do not share your information with third parties for the purposes of directly marketing their goods and services to you unless you first agree to our sharing your information.  If you would like to change your preferences, please click here.
With your agreement, we permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technology to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use our Site. For example, we use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as Google Ad Words, to market our services to you on other websites and online services. Through a process called “retargeting,” each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit our Site so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity. To avoid use of this information for advertising by these third-party ad partners, you can click here to change your settings. You can also change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third party ad parties honor the Do Not Track browser signal. Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at networkadvertising.org/choices or aboutads.info/choices.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Serviceson our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Servicesis used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Services. Our Services donot address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Services after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Rights Of Those Providing Personal Information From The European Union
If you are accessing the Services from the European Union and providing Personal Information to us, then you have certain additional rights.  These rights can be somewhat complicated and are subject to certain exceptions or limitations.  We encourage you to review the relevant law – the E.U.’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or to contact us with any questions you might have regarding these rights.
If you are providing personal information to us from the European Union, you have the following rights:
Rights to access your personal information;
Rights to restrict how we are processing your personal information;
Rights to rectify, or correct, your personal information;
Rights to have us erase your personal information;
Rights to object to our processing your personal information;
Rights to withdraw your consent to our processing your personal information; and,
Rights to “data portability”.
Do You Have Any Questions About This Privacy Policy?
If you should have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact [insert name and contact information for individual handling privacy issues].
I’ve read and accept the privacy policy. *
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. You can always change your settings with the Policy Center link in the footer.          Cookie Settings.
Accept Cookies
Decline Cookies
Privacy Center
Privacy Settings
Life University. A World Leader in Holistic Health and Chiropractic Education
Privacy Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies which we use to offer you a better experience and related content. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Necessary
Analytics
Marketing
Social
Privacy Center Privacy Policy
Technical CookiesIn order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_secwp-settings-8wp-settings-time-8 Technical Cookieswp-settings-8wp-settings-time-8 YouTube AnalyticsYouTube analytics allows us to continually refine the video selection, length and styles we provide to our visitors.1P_JARAIDAPISIDHSIDNIDOGPCSSAPISIDSIDSSIDSIDCC_ga_gid_gat Google AnalyticsWe track anonymized user information to improve our website._ga_gid_gat Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic and to help us AB test new features.1P_JARAIDAPISIDHSIDNIDOGPCSSAPISIDSIDSSIDSIDCC_ga_gid_gat Add to Any__cfduid
Decline all Services
Accept all Services