http://www.vet.cornell.edu/privacy-policy
CVM
Privacy Policy
The Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine (CVM) is committed to respecting users of our website. For that purpose, this policy has been adopted to address the collection and use of information from CVM’s website. In order to maintain effective privacy practices, CVM retains the right to update this policy without notice.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine by sending an email to vet-webmaster@cornell.edu. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
Information Collected
CVM collects two types of information from users: information provided by the user in order to receive requested information and/or services, and information passively collected upon a user’s visit to our website
Passively Collected Information
When a user visits our site, some information such as the visitor’s Internet protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider, operating system, the site from which the visitor arrived, and the time and date of the user’s visit may be collected automatically as part of the software operation of the website. This intake of information is not personally identifiable. Additionally, CVM is currently using Google Analytics, a web metrics service, to collect certain information automatically upon a user’s visit. For more information regarding Google Analytics, see Google's privacy policy.
Information Provided by the User
Users may provide CVM with non-personally and personally identifiable information in order to utilize certain services and retrieve information. Such instances may not be noticeable to the user and include, but are not limited to: filling out surveys, completing registration information, and submitting certain online forms.
Use of Information
CVM uses information collected solely for internal purposes, such as part of enrollment in the College or to see what pages are most frequently visited, in order to improve our website. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may share your information across departments within CVM or within Cornell University, as appropriate. We may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to:
comply with law
enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or
protect the rights, property or safety of CVM, any department or office affiliated with CVM, Cornell University, our users, or others.
Security
All information provided to CVM is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that allows your browser to automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of CVM.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which CVM has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us by email at vet-webmaster@cornell.edu.