http://www.bigsandy.kctcs.edu/about/privacy-terms/index.aspx
Covid-19 Updates
Starting Friday, November 20 at 5pm our courses will be moving to online instruction.
For more information, including a list of exempt classes, check out
the latest update from Dr. Zylka.
Close
skip to main content
Request Information
Fall classes
Custom Viewbook
Start Your Application
Big Sandy Community & Technical College>About>Privacy and Terms
AboutMeet Our StudentsMission & Vision CampusesStudent LifeLeadershipEventsCollege at a GlanceAccreditationPrivacy TermsAnti-Harassment & Discrimination PolicyLicensure Disclosures
Privacy and Terms
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice
explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the
way your information is collected and used.
Collection of Information
Information about your use of this web site is collected using server access logs
and a tracking cookie. The collected information consists of the following:
The IP address from which you access the web site;
The type of browser and operating system you use to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
The addresses of pages from where you followed a link to our site.
Part of this information is gathered using a tracking cookie set by the Google Analytics service and handled by Google as described in their privacy policy. See your browser documentation for instructions on how to disable the cookie if
you prefer not to share this data with Google.
We use the gathered information to help us make our site more useful to visitors and
to better understand how and when our site is used.
By using this web site, you consent to the collection of this data in the manner and
for the purpose described above.
Equal Opportunity Employer
The Kentucky Community and Technical College System is an equal educational and employment
opportunity institution and does not discriminate on the basis of; race, religion,
color, sex, gender identity, gender presentation, national origin, age, disability,
family medical history, or genetic information. Further, we vigilantly prevent discrimination
based on sexual orientation, parental status, marital status, political affiliation,
military service, or any other non-merit based factor.
Copyright and File Sharing
We support the right of authors and creators to enjoy the benefits of their work,
and as an institution we take copyright law and the legal distribution of copyrighted
material very seriously.
Summary of Civil and Criminal Penalties for Violation of Federal Copyright Laws
Copyright infringement is the act of exercising, without permission or legal authority,
one or more of the exclusive rights granted to the copyright owner under section 106
of the Copyright Act (Title 17 of the United States Code). These rights include the
right to reproduce or distribute a copyrighted work. In the file-sharing context,
downloading or uploading substantial parts of a copyrighted work without authority
constitutes an infringement.
Penalties for copyright infringement include civil and criminal penalties. In general,
anyone found liable for civil copyright infringement may be ordered to pay either
actual damages or "statutory" damages affixed at not less than $750 and not more than
$30,000 per work infringed. For "willful" infringement, a court may award up to $150,000
per work infringed. A court can, in its discretion, also assess costs and attorneys'
fees. For details, see Title 17, United States Code, Sections 504, 505.
Willful copyright infringement can also result in criminal penalties, including imprisonment
of up to five years and fines of up to $250,000 per offense.
For more information, please see the Web site of the U.S. Copyright Office, especially their FAQ's. For KCTCS policy regarding these issues, please see Policy 4.2.5 (PDF). For a list of sources for legal downloading, please see http://www.educause.edu/legalcontent .
Core Values and Ethical Conduct Reporting
KCTCS has a duty to adhere to high ethical standards and principles. All members of
the KCTCS community are expected to report potential legal, procedural, and ethical
violations.Find out more.