http://www.umuc.edu/terms-and-conditions/social-media-policy.cfm
Skip to Main Content
More +
Alumni
Donors
Media
Donate to UMGC
Events
News
Locations +
U.S. Locations
UMGC Asia
UMGC Europe
Learn Online
Transcripts
Log In
855-655-8682
Get Help
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Apply NowRequest Info
Terms and Conditions
UMGC For …
Prospective Students
Current Students
Administration
Partners
Alumni
Donors
Media
Log In
Academic Programs
Academic Programs
Academic Programs Business & Management Cyber Security Data Analytics Education & Teaching Healthcare & Science IT & Computer Science Liberal Arts & Communication Public Safety
Bachelor's Degrees Undergraduate Certificates Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees
Compare Programs
About Online Learning Open Educational Resources General Education Requirements
Resources Program Comparison Tool Schedule of Classes Catalogs Related Links Academic Calendar Academic Programs for Military & Veterans Legacy Academic Programs Learning Resources
Transfers & Credits
Transfers & Credits
Transfer & Credits Transfer Credits Credit from Colleges & Universities Credit from Community Colleges Credit from International Study
Fast Paths to Credit Prior Learning Workplace Learning Military Education & Training Credit by Exam Professional Courses & Industry Certifications Vocational & Technical Training
3D Scholars Program for Prince George's County		public high school students Community College Alliances Reverse Transfer Program Transfer Events
Resources Estimate Your Credits Transfer FAQs Related Links Program Comparison Tool Completion Scholarship Submit Your Transcripts
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid Tuition Qualifying for In-State Rates
Estimate Costs
Ways to Finance Your Education Federal Financial Aid Employer Tuition Assistance Military & Veterans Benefits Monthly Payment Plan
Scholarships Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college graduates Scholarship Finder COVID-19 Financial Resources
Tools Time and Tuition Estimator Resources How to Apply for Aid Costs & Tuition FAQs Related Links Federal Employee Discount Qualifying for Military Tuition Rate Finances
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans Steps to Apply Academic Programs Transfer Credits Careers
UMGC for Military & Veterans Military Awards & Affiliations Our Students & Alumni Our Faculty & Staff VetSuccess on Campus Worldwide & Regional Military Locations
Education Benefits & Financial Aid Military Tuition Rate Eligibility Tuition Assistance Housing Allowance Scholarships Financial Aid & Payment Plans Certification of Benefits
Resources Vessey Veterans Resource Center Military & Veterans FAQs
About UMGC
About UMGC
UMUC is now UMGC About UMGC Why Choose UMGC Regional Accreditation University System of Maryland Membership UMGC for Federal Employees
Awards & Recognition Mission & History Brand Guidelines
About Our Students Student Services About Our Faculty
Related Links Events Leadership and Governance Locations Military Awards & Affiliations News COVID-19 FAQs for Current Students
Admissions
Admissions
Admissions Steps to Apply Admissions Requirements
Students Educated Abroad Returning Students
Academic Calendar Admissions Events Flexible Scheduling What's Next: After You Apply Take Placement Tests Register for Your First Classes
Resources Admissions FAQs Tools Schedule of Classes Related Links Submit Your Transcripts Steps to Apply for Military & Veterans Steps to Apply for Federal Employees
Apply Now
Request Info
?
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Home Terms & Conditions Social Media Guidelines
Guidelines for Participation in Social Media
These guidelines for social media at the University of Maryland Global Campus apply to individuals who create or contribute content to UMGC blogs, social networking pages, wikis, or any other kind of social media. We also recommend you review the University System of Maryland Policy on Student Social Media Privacy.
Topics of Discussion
We welcome your comments on UMGC's social media sites. Comments should be courteous and relevant to UMGC and/or the ongoing discussion on that page. Commercial advertising and spam will not be tolerated.
Quality Matters, Even Online
Information posted online may be difficult to remove or fix, leaving an Internet trail that is essentially permanent. Carefully consider what you are about to post, and make an effort to be clear, complete, and concise. You are fully responsible for the content of your contributions.
Respect Information
Do not post or share someone else’s material without the owner’s permission. Please adhere to copyright and fair use guidelines.
Comment Moderation and Monitoring Content
Users may post content anonymously or by name on UMGC's dedicated social media sites. UMGC invites discussion with and between faculty, staff, students, prospective students, and the community. However, UMGC will remove posts that are obscene, violent, offensive, or abusive in nature. UMGC will also remove posts that are in violation of copyright or trademark policies, as well as those that violate the terms of use or terms of conduct of the applicable social media site.
Following are some general guidelines:
Please make sure you are posting in an appropriate manner. We will remove posts that use inappropriate or defamatory language. We will also remove repeated posts containing the same content or spamming.
Please make sure you do not post personal information such as student ID numbers, social security numbers, etc. If you need assistance, e-mail us directly at socialnetwork@umgc.edu.
Please note that if you are part of the UMGC faculty or staff or you are affiliated with UMGC in any way, we welcome your posts, but you are not authorized to speak on behalf of the university without approval.
Please understand this is a community for people to share news and information about UMGC. If you post information that advertises or promotes other products or services or that is not relevant to UMGC, your post may be removed.
Please tell us what you think! We are here to listen to YOU. We welcome all comments that do not violate the above guidelines and will respond as quickly as possible to them.
Social Media Terms and Conditions
Facebook: Statement of Rights and Responsibilities
Flickr (Yahoo!): Terms of Service and Community Guidelines
Google + (Google): Terms of Service and User Content and Conduct Policy
Instagram: Terms of Use
LinkedIn: User Agreement
Pinterest: Terms of Service
Slideshare: Community Guidelines
Twitter: Terms of Service
YouTube: Terms of Service and Community Guidelines
The discount for Federal employees and their spouses and eligible dependents will be applied to out-of-state tuition and specialty graduate programs. It does not apply to doctoral programs. This discount cannot be combined with the Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college students or the Pennsylvania Completion Scholarship.Undergraduate and standard graduate program tuition for students who meet the criteria for Maryland residency will be the applicable in-state rate. Tuition for active-duty military; members of the Selected Reserves, National Guard, and the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and the spouses and dependents of these student groups will be the applicable military or specialty rate. If you are a student using Post 9/11 benefits, please contact an advisor at 800-939-8682 to determine if you can apply both benefits.
View important information about the education debt, earnings, and completion rates of students enrolled in certificate programs.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled. Tuition rates are subject to the approval of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents. They may be changed, or other charges may be included, as a result of the Board of Regents decisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this or any other university publication, the university reserves the right to make changes in tuition, fees and other charges at any time such changes are deemed necessary by the university and the USM Board of Regents.The Board of Regents has authorized the university to charge a student's delinquent account for all collection costs incurred by the university. The normal collection fee is 17 percent plus attorney and/or court costs. The service charge for a dishonored check is $30. Requests for services (for example, transcripts, diplomas, registration) will be denied until all debts are paid.Please see the Policy on Student Classification for Admission and Tuition Purposes for specific details about residency requirements.Financial aid and tuition remission for University System of Maryland employees cannot be applied to noncredit courses. Golden ID benefits may not be applied to fees, noncredit courses, specialty graduate programs, or doctoral programs. Regular tuition rates apply for cooperative education, course challenge examinations, and EXCEL 301.
GI Bill is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. More information about education benefits offered by VA is available on the U.S. government GI Bill website.
The UCSP 615 requirement may be waived if you previously earned a graduate degree from a regionally accredited institution. For more information, contact your academic advisor.
Website Terms & ConditionsConsumer Disclosures & PoliciesExternal Complaint ProcessesProfessional LicensureState AuthorizationCopyright AgentHow UMGC Uses Your SSNNondiscrimination StatementOpting OutPrivacy PolicySocial Media GuidelinesWebsite Accessibility Statement
Orientation to Graduate Studies at UMGC UCSP 615 | 0 Credits (Required within the first 6 credits of graduate study for all new graduate students, except those in programs requiring CBR, DCL, or PRO 600.) An overview of the skills needed for academic and professional success. Focus is on enhancing communication and critical thinking skills. Assignments provide familiarity with tools such as library and information resources. APA style and resources are also addressed.