http://www.mygretutor.com/privacy-policy/
MyGRE Tutor
MY
Practice
Overview
Progress
Questions
Vocab
Writing Review
Overview
The Issue Essay
The Arguement Essay
Essay Organization
Grammar, Style, and Brevity
Math Review
Overview
Arithmetic
Algebra
Geometry
Data Analysis
Question Types
Verbal Review
Overview
Sentence Equivalence
Text Completion
Reading Comprehension
Study Plans
About Study Plans
1 Week Study Plan
2 Week Study Plan
3 Week Study Plan
4 Week Study Plan
6 Week Study Plan
8 Week Study Plan
About The GRE
Overview
How to Register
Canceling Registration
Registration Dates
Testing Centers
Test Fees
Test Format
Interpreting your Score
GRE Score Process
GRE Score Reports
Computer Adaptive GRE
About My GRE Tutor
About Us
FAQ
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Upgrade
Log out
Log in
Register
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously! We will NEVER, under ANY circumstances, give out your personal information to any third party, except, in the rare case, as it is required by law. If you have any questions, please contact us by clicking on the Contact
Us link at the bottom of this page.
Copyright and Trademark Notification
All materials, names, terms, and trademarks on myGREtutor.com are the property of myGRETutor.com except where otherwise noted. Nothing on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of these
materials, terms, names and trademarks displayed on this website, without the written permission of the myGRETutor.com. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, displayed, downloaded,
posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of myGRETutor.com. Any unauthorized use of any material
contained on this website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Any questions concerning the use of these materials, names, terms, and trademarks should
be referred to myGRETutor.com at the contact page.
Website Terms of Use
By accessing, browsing and/or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this website.
The material provided on this website is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright law and international treaties. This website is controlled and operated by myGRETutor.com from its location within the United
States. myGRETutor.com makes no representation that materials in the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you choose to
access this website from other locations, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The materials on this website are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, myGRETutor.com disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including but not
limited to, implied warranti
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall myGRETutor.com be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or
the inability to use, the materials on this website, even if myGRETutor.com or a myGRETutor.com authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this website results in the need
for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you.
Transmissions
Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this website or to any myGRETutor.com .com email address by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by myGRETutor.com or its affiliates
for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products. All transmissions will be electronically tracked via IP address. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this
website any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Privacy
The registration process requires users to provide myGRETutor.com a personal e-mail address. We use customer contact information to send registered customers information about their accounts, including sending lost passwords. Customer contact information
is also used to contact customers in response to a question that have been submitted by customers and receive by myGRETutor.com. Under no circumstances will myGRETutor.com distribute, sell, or in any way whatsoever make available the e-mail
addresses of its customers to any outside sources, except when instructed to do so by the law. This site may contain links to other sites. myGRETutor.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Terms of Use Revisions
myGRETutor.com may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which
you are bound.