http://www.cambridgephilosophicalsociety.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy of the Cambridge Philosophical Society
This statement explains how the Cambridge Philosophical Society (“we” and “our”) handles and uses data it collects about its Fellows, authors and other persons for processes relating to the operation and activities of the Society.
When changes are made to this statement, we will publish the updated version to our website, which may be found at http://cambridgephilosophicalsociety.org.
The controller for your personal information is the Cambridge Philosophical Society, which is a charity incorporated by Royal Charter (registered charity number 213811).  The person responsible for data protection matters, and the person who is responsible for monitoring compliance with relevant legislation in relation to the protection of personal information, is the Executive Secretary of the Society (Ms Beverley Larner), whose contact details are on our website.
The normal legal basis for processing your personal information is that we believe that it is in our legitimate interests to do so, in order for the Society to run effectively and efficiently.  We will retain your personal information for as long as it is likely to be needed in connection with your relationship with the Society, and so long as remains in our legitimate interest to do so (for example, in order to retain historical records of the activities of the Society and of its Fellows).
Where we process your personal information outside of the purposes listed in this statement, we will seek your explicit consent to do so in advance.  You may ask us for further information on these matters at any time if you have specific concerns.
How your data is used by the Society
We collect and process your personal information, as specified below, for a number of purposes, including:
maintaining your personal details (such as your name, relevant College and Departmental or other academic identifiers and preferred contact details), including ensuring effective communications with you;
maintaining financial records (such as payment of membership fees or other payments to the Society, or records of financial transactions of the Society in which you are involved);
maintaining a formal record of your activities within the Society and communications with it;
processing grant applications to the Society;
matters relating to the Society’s publications and other activities of the Society; and
maintaining data to enable the Society to undertake research into its own activities or to manage complaints made to us.
If you have concerns or queries about any of these purposes, please contact us.
How we share your personal data
Personal data may be shared within the Society in relation to the purposes of the Society.
Personal data may be shared with others, such as a College or University Department or the Society’s publishers, in relation to the purposes of the Society.
We use University IT facilities to store electronic copies of personal information.
We may also be subject to a legal requirement (with or without your consent) to share your personal information with the University or a College or a government agency (such as the police or security services or other statutory authorities with investigatory powers) under special circumstances (e.g. relating to tax, crime or health and safety).  Where possible, we will notify you of our intention to share such information in advance.
We may share information with persons overseas for the academic purposes of the Society (such as obtaining academic references).  In any other case of sharing your personal data overseas, we will ask for your explicit consent prior to transmitting the information.
Your rights
You have the right: to ask us for access to, rectification or erasure of your personal information; to restrict processing (pending correction or deletion); to object to communications; and to ask for the transfer of your personal information electronically to a third party (data portability).
Some of those rights are not automatic, and we reserve the right to discuss with you why we might not comply with a request from you to exercise them.
If you have questions or concerns about your personal information, or how it used, please speak an officer of the society.
If you remain unhappy with the way your information is being handled, or with the response received from us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF (https://ico.org.uk/).