https://www.legalexpert.co.uk/sexual-abuse-compensation/physical-and-sexual-abuse-solicitors/
Home
Contact Us
Physical And Sexual Abuse Solicitors Claim Specialists
100% No Win, No Fee Claims
Nothing to pay if you lose.
Sexual Abuse victims get maximum compensation
Free legal advice from a friendly solicitor.
Specialist solicitors with up to 30 years experience
Find out if you can claim compensation Call 0800 073 8804
Start My Claim Online
Physical And Sexual Abuse Solicitors – Can I Make A Compensation Claim?
We have represented numerous victims of physical and sexual abuse across the United Kingdom. If you have been the victim of such abuse, it is important to get the compensation you deserve, and we will be there for you every step of the way. All of our cases are fully confidential, and we provide a free advice service for those that are curious about the claims process.
Select a Section:
A guide to using child sexual abuse solicitors
What is a child sexual abuse solicitor?
Child abuse statistics
High profile sexual abuse cases
Can my physical and sexual abuse solicitor file my claim?
After I start my claim with my physical and sexual abuse solicitor what would I then need to do?
Making a child abuse claim through the CICA
Time limits on sexual abuse claims
I suffered sexual abuse while in care do I have a claim?
I suffered sexual abuse at school can I claim?
Can I get free advice from a physical and sexual abuse solicitor?
What are the benefits of using a specialist physical and sexual abuse solicitor compared to a non-specialist solicitor?
The most common types of claims that our physical and sexual abuse solicitors regularly work on
Confidentiality and child abuse claims
No Win No Fee child sexual abuse solicitors
Why choose us as your claims service for a physical and sexual abuse claim?
Call for free advice from physical and sexual abuse experts and to start a claim
A guide to using child sexual abuse solicitors
Over the past few years, there have been a number of high profile physical and child sexual abuse cases. If you or your child has been the victim of abuse, it is important that you get the compensation you deserve. In this guide, we reveal everything you need to know about compensation for victims of abuse. This includes details on sex abuse at school, sexual abuse while in care, the benefits of using a specialist solicitor, the No Win No Fee approach, and much more. Simply read on to find out everything you need to know. You will also find our contact information at the end of the guide should you have any further questions.
What is a child sexual abuse solicitor?
A child sexual abuse solicitor is a solicitor that has received expert training and has plenty of experience in physical and child sex abuse cases. They help victims of abuse to get the full amount of compensation they deserve. You should get in touch with child sexual abuse solicitors if you were abused within the last three years, and if you have received medical assistance for your injuries. If you are unsure regarding whether you have the basis for a case, please do not hesitate to get in touch. Our advisors will be more than happy to assist, and everything discussed will be confidential.
Child abuse statistics
Physically abused child
The statistics regarding child sex abuse make horrific reading. The NSPCC states that every one in 20 children in the UK have been sexually abused. They have also revealed that every one in three children who are sexually abused by an adult do not tell anyone. More than 90 per cent of children that were sexually abused were abused by someone they knew. Moreover, in 2015/16 more than 2,900 children were identified as requiring protection from sexual abuse. Also, over 8,000 of the contacts made to the NSPCC helpline were about sexual abuse concerns.
High profile sexual abuse cases
There have been a number of high profile sexual abuse cases over the years. This includes those involving: Libyan Cadets sex attacks, Rochdale Exploitation Scandal, the North Wales Child Abuse Scandal, Barnardos, St. John’s Ambulance, the Sports / Football Abuse Scandal, the Scout Association, Hillside First, Ashdown House, St. George’s School, Chethams School of Music, St Paul’s Cathedral Choir School, Durham Chorister’s School, St Pauls, Jehovah’s Witnesses, the Methodist Church, the Church of England, the Catholic Church, Cyril Smith, Stuart Hall, Max Clifford, Rolf Harris, and Jimmy Savile.
If you have been the victim of one of the cases mentioned above, we can help you to secure the compensation you deserve. We can also help you if you have been involved in sexual abuse that has occurred at the hands of a family member or friend, or any other form of physical or sexual abuse. All cases are just as important as each other, so please do not delay in getting in touch with our team.
Can my physical and sexual abuse solicitor file my claim?
Certainly! If you have a valid claim, then the physical and sexual abuse solicitor that you are in contact with from our team will be able to file the claim on your behalf. All claims are handled on a No Win No Fee basis. You can find more information about this towards the end of this guide.
After I start my claim with my physical and sexual abuse solicitor what would I then need to do?
In most cases, the process will start with signing a No Win No Fee agreement. This ensures that you only need to pay legal fees once compensation has been secured. After this, the solicitor you are working with will walk you through the entire process and be with you every step of the way. Every case is different, and is handled as such. It’s likely that you will need a medical, though. This is something we can arrange for you locally and free of charge if you want us to do so.
Making a child abuse claim through the CICA
There are two ways you can make a sexual abuse claim, either through the courts or the CICA. We will advise you on the best approach. The CICA, otherwise known as the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority, is a scheme that is funded by the government. Under this scheme, compensation applications are processed on behalf of victims of sexual and violent crime.
Time limits on sexual abuse claims
For all personal injury cases, the time limit is three years. This means that you have three years from the date of the abuse to launch a sexual abuse claim. Court proceedings do need to be issued within this time frame, meaning you shouldn’t leave it until the very last minute to get in touch with physical and emotional abuse solicitors.
There are some exceptions to this rule, though, and so it is certainly worth getting in touch with our team for more information. Firstly, with regards to children, parents can claim on the child’s behalf, yet if they do not do so, the child will also have the opportunity to claim once they turn 18. They will have three years from their 18th birthday. Not only this, but we have worked on historical abuse claims. In a lot of cases of abuse, victims do not come forward until many years later, and we want to ensure that these victims still get the compensation they deserve. Please call us to discuss this further.
Please note that time limits do differ when making a claim through the CICA. In such cases, your application does need to be made within two years of when the assault occurred. For historic cases, applications need to be made within two years from the date when the abuse was reported to the police.
I suffered sexual abuse while in care do I have a claim?
If you have suffered sexual abuse while in care, you can most certainly make a claim. We can help you to secure compensation for abuse in foster care or while you were in the care of any other adult or guardian. It is understandable that you may be feeling worried and nervous about making such a claim, but we will be with you every step of the way. It’s important to get the justice you deserve. No child should ever be abused. Care is meant to make us feel safe and looked after, and no one should abuse this position of power. If they have, you deserve to be compensated. Please give our team a call.
I suffered sexual abuse at school can I claim?
We have worked on a number of cases that have involved sexual abuse at school. If you or your child has suffered abuse at the hands of a teacher or anyone else that works at an education institution, you deserve compensation. We send our children to school to learn. We should feel safe in the knowledge that they are being looked after. If someone has abused his or her position of power, you should definitely get the compensation you deserve.
Can I get free advice from a physical and sexual abuse solicitor?
Absolutely! If you are thinking about making an abuse compensation claim and you would like further information, please do not hesitate to give us a call. You will speak with one of our polite and professional advisors who will happily provide you with free advice. You can be sure that everything that is discussed will be confidential. Moreover, you are under no obligation to proceed with our service once we have provided you with the advice you are seeking.
What are the benefits of using a specialist physical and sexual abuse solicitor compared to a non-specialist solicitor?
When making such a compensation claim, you should always look for specialist physical and sexual abuse lawyers, rather than non-specialist solicitors. There are a number of reasons why this is a case, but it largely comes down to experience and expertise. With a specialist solicitor, you can be certain that the individual has received the required training in order to work on such claims. You also know that they have worked on many physical and sexual abuse cases before. With a non-specialist solicitor, there is always the risk that their lack of experience could result in a mistake. A mistake could be costly and mean that you miss out on compensation. You won’t get a second chance to secure compensation, which is why it is important to hire a specialist physical and abuse solicitor from the very beginning.
The most common types of claims that our physical and sexual abuse solicitors regularly work on
We have worked on many different types of physical and sexual abuse claims over the years. This includes the following:
Organised sexual abuse – This refers to incidents whereby multiple children are subject to sexual abuse by a number of perpetrators. In such circumstances, children are subject to a variety of serious harms. This can include torture, ritualistic abuse, sadistic and bizarre sexual practices, the manufacture of child pornography, and child prostitution.
Sexual abuse – This occurs when another child, adolescent or adult uses their authority and power to expose the minor to inappropriate sexual material or behaviour, or they force them to engage in a sexual act. This can include involving the child in pornography, exposing the child to pornography, exhibitionism, voyeurism, fondling of breasts, anal or vaginal penetration, oral sex, masturbation, and fondling of genitals.
Domestic and family violence – This is a pattern of abusive behaviour in an intimate relationship. One person exerts control and coercion over another. This can include psychological abuse, threats to harm loved ones and pets, damage to personal property, legal abuse, cultural and spiritual abuse, financial abuse, isolating from family and friends, stalking, and emotional, sexual, and physical assault.
Physical abuse – Physical abuse tends to be accompanied b neglect or emotional abuse. It refers to any physical act that has been inflicted upon a child on purpose. This can be as a form of discipline, or it may be simply to hurt the child. The intent does not matter, so long as the act was non-accidental, it is physical abuse.
Neglect – Neglect is defined as any omission or serious act by an individual in care of a child, within the bounds of cultural tradition, constitutes as failing to provide conditions that are needed for a child’s healthy emotional and physical development.
Emotional abuse – This is the most common form of child abuse. It can often accompany sexual and physical abuse, although it can also occur on its own. It includes restrictions, setting unreasonable expectations, insults, humiliation, rejection, and not showing love and affection.
No matter what type of abuse you have suffered, we can help you to get the compensation you deserve. Please do not worry if your case does not sound similar to the suggestions mentioned above. Every case is different, and they are all as important as each other. The examples mentioned above are merely to give you an understanding of what the most common types of claims are with regards to physical and sexual abuse.
Confidentiality and child abuse claims
It is important to us that your privacy is respected at all times. We will operate with the utmost confidentiality throughout each and every stage of the legal process. If you wish, we can apply to the court to ensure your court document details are made confidential. Plus, we will always ask for your permission before contacting anyone else about your case, be it the police or the social services. If you would like more information on the steps we take to ensure your privacy, one of our advisors will happily talk you through this, as we understand it may be a concern for you.
No Win No Fee child sexual abuse solicitors
You will be pleased to know child abuse solicitors often work to a No Win No Fee payment structure. This makes it possible for anyone to make a claim, irrespective of how much money they have in the bank! This is because you only pay legal fees once compensation is received, meaning you will have the payout to cover the cost. If, for some reason, we are unsuccessful in our quest to secure compensation for you, you won’t need to pay a penny.
This eradicates the concerns you may have about making a claim. After all, a lot of people worry that they will make a claim for compensation, only to wind up with a large legal bill yet no compensation at the end of it. This could easily happen if you hired a solicitor that bills on an hourly basis. It will never happen when you work with our team.
You can also be certain that we will always be working as hard as possible to secure the maximum amount of compensation for you. When you opt for a solicitor that charges per hour, there is always the worry that they will waste your time. They may take on your case while knowing it is not strong enough for compensation, or they may not put in the work required. After all, they will get the same payment at the end of the day irrespective of the outcome. The No Win No Fee payment structure ensures the solicitor is held accountable.
Why choose us as your claims service for a physical and sexual abuse claim?
There are many reasons why you should choose us as your claims service for a physical and sexual abuse claim. Firstly, you will be assigned a specialist in-house solicitor that has worked on many physical and child sexual abuse claims before. This will give you complete peace of mind that you have a leading expert fighting your corner and, therefore, the very best chance of securing the maximum amount of compensation. As a personal injury law firm, we also have many years of experience in the industry, and we have an exceptional reputation to back it up. All you need to do is look at the feedback that has been left by our prior clients to see that this is the case.
Another reason why so many clients are happy with our service is because we always put them first. We know that you must be going through a hugely traumatic time in your life. We know that it is difficult to even think about pursuing compensation while you are still suffering from what has happened. That is why we work hard to secure compensation as efficiently as possible. We want you to focus on your well-being while we focus on getting you the payout you are entitled to.
Call for free advice from physical and sexual abuse experts and to start a claim
If you have been the victim of abuse, and you are ready to make a claim expert physical and sexual abuse solicitors will be more than happy to assist you. Simply call our helpline on 0800 073 8804, and they will answer any concerns or queries you have. We know that you may be feeling nervous about proceeding with the claim process; however, there really is no need to be. We have years and years of experience, and complete confidentiality can be expected at all times. We will be there with you every step of the way to make the claims process as hassle-free as possible.
Helpful links
Guidance on domestic violence
This link takes you to the UK Government’s guidance page for domestic violence and abuse. This includes information on domestic homicide reviews and advisers, protection notices, disclosure scheme, and coercive control.
Reporting rape
If you have been the victim of sexual assault or rape, there are organisations that can help, including the police. This website provides information on what to do when reporting a sexual assault or rape. You will also find some good advice regarding what to do if the offence happened recently.
NHS sexual assault help
This NHS page provides help for those who have been raped or suffered a sexual assault. This includes information on what is a sexual assault, as well as the forensic medical examination and sexual assault referral centres.
Legal Expert guide to sexual abuse claims
This link takes you to our guide on sexual abuse claims. You will find plenty of helpful information, including details on sexual abuse in the workplace, facts and statistics, time limits, and the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority (CICA).
Contact Us
Fill in your details below for a free callback
Name :
Email :
Phone :
Services :
Please Select..Accident at WorkCar Accident ClaimsMedical Negligence ClaimsSlip Trip ClaimsWhiplash ClaimsCriminal InjurySexual AbuseFlight CompensationStress or BullyingOther
Time to call :
Please Select..Today: 8.am-9amToday: 9.am-10amToday: 11.am-12.amToday: 12.am-1.pmToday: 1.pm-2.pmToday: 2.pm-3.pmToday: 3.pm-4.pmToday: 4.pm-5.pmToday: 5.pm-6.pmToday: 6.pm-7.pmToday: 7.pm-8.pmTomorrow: 8.am-9amTomorrow: 9.am-10amTomorrow: 11.am-12.amTomorrow: 12.am-1.pmTomorrow: 1.pm-2.pmTomorrow: 2.pm-3.pmTomorrow: 3.pm-4.pmTomorrow: 4.pm-5.pmTomorrow: 5.pm-6.pmTomorrow: 6.pm-7.pmTomorrow: 7.pm-8.pm
Please leave this field empty.
Latest News
error: Content is protected !!