https://www.okbu.edu/about/privacy-policy.html
Skip area navigation
About OBU
Our Mission
Mission Statement
Vision
Purpose Statement
Core Values
Quick Facts
OBU History
OBU Centennial
President & Administration
Board of Trustees
Campus Map
Human Resources
University Advancement
Stories and Features
University Calendar
Accreditation and Membership
Apply Online
Visit Campus
Request Information
Oklahoma Baptist University 500 West University Shawnee, OK 74804 405.585.4000
Intentionally disclosed information
When you correspond with us we may use the information you give us to reply to you, to send you more information about OBU, and, unless you are a student, to solicit donations.
If you are a student:
We may share your information only if you give us permission.
We may share your information for the purpose of awarding scholarships.
We do not automatically enroll you to receive any solicitations.
Automatically disclosed information
When you visit our website, we automatically receive and record your IP address and browser data. We use this information to improve our website and to ensure security. We may also use this information to customize the content you see. For instance, if you visit our site from a mobile device we may display the content in a simplified format. We do not use this information to track you or to identify you personally.
Information disclosed to third parties
Our website uses third-party services to improve usability and to analyze usage patterns. These may receive intentionally or automatically disclosed information during your visit, and have their own privacy practices.
Facebook
Formstack
Google
Instapage
Siteimprove
Spectate
We may give your information to third-party email delivery services for the purpose of sending emails on our behalf. To remove your email address from a distribution list, you may reply to a message, follow the unsubscribe link, or contact us by telephone, email, or mail.
Emma
Mailchimp
We do not share your information for any extraneous purpose such as email harvesting, marketing, or sales.
What are cookies?
Cookies are digital files that help websites remember something about you. Learn more at the Cookies & You website.