http://www.connectionsacademy.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Last Updated: December 23, 2019
Applicable To All Users
Acceptance of Terms
By using this Education Management System ("Connexus®"), you (hereinafter referred to as the "User" or "Users") agree to all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced in these Terms of Use ("Terms"). These Terms apply to your use of Connexus® and all materials, information, software, content, products, and services that are owned or licensed by Connections Education LLC, dba Online & Blended Learning K–12 USA ("Connections"), and included in, or available through, Connexus®, ("Connections Content") as well as any content owned or licensed by a 3rd party content provider that is included in, or available through Connexus with that 3rd party's permission ("3rd Party Content") (Connections Content and 3rd Party Content collectively, "the Content"). If the User is a minor, he or she shall be the responsibility of his or her parent/guardian, who shall ensure that the User adheres to the Terms.
Any 3rd Party Content uploaded or otherwise made available by a 3rd Party is and remains the sole property of the 3rd Party or the 3rd Party licensors. By uploading or otherwise making available any 3rd Party Content, you automatically grant and/or warrant that the owner has granted Connections, the perpetual royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, display, and transmit the 3rd Party Content through the channel into which you have uploaded or authorized Connections to upload the 3rd Party Content. You also permit any User of Connexus with access to that channel, subject to your restrictions, to access, view, store, and reproduce the 3rd Party Content to the same extent permitted herein. To the extent provided for in the specific terms of the governing agreement between Connections and 3rd Party, 3rd Party Content may be removed, obscured, altered or modified by the 3rd Party, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein with respect to the use of Connexus.
Connections reserves the right to change these Terms at any time, effective upon posting the updated Terms on the Connexus® log-in page. The most current version is always available by clicking on the Terms of Use link located at the bottom of the log-in page of Connexus.
Permitted Use
Connexus® is to be used for the purpose of accessing the education program licensed by or for the benefit of the User(s). Connections grants the User the non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to access, visit, use, view, and print the Content, solely for the User's own personal non-commercial use in connection with such education program, provided the User keeps intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Use of the Content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in these Terms is prohibited.
Users may not (1) remove, obscure, or alter the Content in any way except as agreed to in writing by Connections, (2) use Connexus® in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Connections server or the network(s) connected to any Connections server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of Connexus®, 3) gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any Connections server through hacking, password mining, or any other means, or 4) obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through Connexus®.
Any use of Connexus for the following purposes is strictly prohibited. By using Connexus®, you agree that you will NOT
Send, receive, or display pornographic, obscene, sexually explicit material, or any material harmful to minors
impersonate any person or entity (through the use of their password or other means), including any employee or representative of Connections
copy or distribute content included in Connexus® (including postings on the Message Boards, WebMail messages, or curriculum materials, including answer keys) without the owner's permission
solicit or collect information about the Users or members of this site, especially for the purpose of transmitting, or facilitating transmission of, unsolicited or bulk electronic email or communications
use the school-provided communication services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk e-mail, spamming, or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise)
upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property
solicit or collect personal information (including name, address, and phone number) from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age without verified parental consent
display threatening or offensive material, including using swear words, offensive, vulgar, or obscene language
display racist, prejudiced, or discriminatory messages or pictures
violate any state or federal law
reveal another User's or a minor's personal address, phone number, or similar information to others without their consent or verified parental consent
violate any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property laws or otherwise use intellectual property of another individual or entity without the owner's permission—this includes providing links to and including other copyrighted or trademarked material from third parties in Connexus® (including posting on the Message Boards or in WebMail messages) without permission as well as using any trademarks, service marks, or other marks in social media or other websites without the owner's permission
trespass in another's folders, work, or files
promote commercial activities except as agreed to in writing by Connections
advertise products or services or engage in political lobbying
defame, harass, insult, abuse, stalk, threaten, attack, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as privacy and publicity) of another person or interfere with another person's work, including, but not limited to, sending unwanted WebMail messages or e-mail
provide material support or resources to (or conceal the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources of) any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
Each User will have a user name and password (the "Log-in Information") for the purpose of accessing Connexus® and the Content. Users must keep all Log-in Information strictly confidential, and all Log-in Information may be used only by the assigned User. Users are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of all Log-in Information and for preventing access to Connexus® and/or the Content by unauthorized persons using a User's Log-in Information. Users are responsible for any and all activities that occur under their account. Users must notify Connections immediately of any unauthorized use of their account or any other breach of security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain employees of Connections will be permitted to "log in as" someone other than themselves, after receiving the approval of their supervisor and undergoing specific training.
Proprietary Rights
The User acknowledges and agrees that certain of the information available in Connexus® is protected by various copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights and laws and may only be used as permitted by law and with the permission of the owner. Except as expressly authorized by Connections, Users may not sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from or otherwise exploit the Content or features in Connexus® in any form or medium. Users are fully responsible for their own use and for ensuring such use does not infringe on the rights of Connections or third parties. In addition to potential legal action, any unauthorized use including copying or reposting of Connections or third-party intellectual property may result in one or more of the following: termination of access to Connexus®, school-based disciplinary action, and/or removal from the school, course offering or program of study.
Copyright Infringement
Content is owned or controlled by Connections or the third party credited as the provider of the Content, and its contents may not be copied, reproduced, distributed or modified in any way without the express written consent of Connections. If you have any copyright concerns about any materials posted on Connexus® by others, please let us know. We comply with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable to Internet service providers (17 U.S.C. 512). Unless otherwise stated in any specific DMCA designation provided by Connections, please provide us with written notice ("Notice") by contacting our Designated Agent at privacy@connectionseducation.com.
To be effective, the Notice must include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of the owner, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner, ("Complaining Party") of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed upon;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Connections to contact the Complaining Party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address;
Identification of the allegedly infringing material on Connexus® ("Infringing Material"), and information reasonably sufficient to permit Connections to locate such material on Connexus®;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed upon ("Infringed Material"), or if multiple copyrighted works on Connexus® are covered by a single Notice, a list of each copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (please be specific as to which Infringing Material is infringing on which Infringed Material);
A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of Infringing Material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the Notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the Complaining Party is the owner or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Trademarks
Connexus® contains trademarks and service marks of Connections and of third parties. These marks may only be used in accordance with Connections' Trademark Usage Guidelines within the Website Terms of Use on the public website. For permission to use the Connections name or logo or any Connections marks outside of the Trademark Usage Guidelines, contact privacy@connectionseducation.com. Any use of any Connections marks that does not comply with the Trademark Usage Guidelines is strictly prohibited.
Links
Connexus® may contain links to other websites or other resources that are provided for the User's convenience. Unless otherwise noted, these linked sites are not under the control of Connections and Connections is not responsible for the content available on third-party-linked sites. Connections makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments whatsoever about any third-party websites or third-party resources that may be referenced, accessible from, or linked to Connexus®. A link to a website does not mean that Connections endorses the content, the website owner or use of such website. In addition, Connections is not a party to or responsible for any transactions the User may enter into with third parties, even if the User learns of such parties (or uses a link to such parties) from Connexus®. Accordingly, the User acknowledges and agrees that Connections is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, except where specifically contracted for, and is not responsible or liable for any content, services, products, or other materials on or available from those websites or resources.
Privacy
You agree that your use of Connexus® is also subject to the Privacy Policy, which is part of these Terms.
Mobile Terms and Conditions
By opting in to receive text message alerts from Connections Academy, you consent to receiving important information regarding your student's enrollment via text or SMS messages at the mobile phone number you provided. Such calls or texts may be placed using automatic dialing equipment. Message and data rates may apply. Please see our Privacy Policy for additional information.
You may opt in to these messages by sending JOIN to 88180. You may opt out of these messages at any time by replying STOP to any message.
Reply HELP to any message to receive further assistance on an inquiry. Call 1-800-382-6010 or visit www.connectionsacademy.com/about/contact-us to reach our Customer Care team.
All supported carriers are listed below:
AT&T, Sprint/Boost/Virgin, T-Mobile/MetroPCS, Verizon Wireless, C Spire Wireless, Carolina West Wireless (CWW), CellCom USA, Google Voice, U.S. Cellular, ACS/Alaska, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Aio Wireless/Cricket, Appalachian Wireless, Atlantic Tele-Network International (ATN), Bandwidth, Bluegrass Cellular, Buffalo Wireless, CableVision, Cellular Network Partnership (PIONEER), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chariton Valley Cellular, Chat Mobility USA, ClearTalk(Flat Wireless), Copper Valley, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), Cross Telephone Company (MBO Wireless), Duet IP (Maximum Communications New Core Wireless), Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI Communications Corp, Golden State Cellular, i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Illinois Valley Cellular (IV Cellular), Immix(Keystone Wireless), Inland Cellular Telephone Company, Leaco, Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), MTA Communications, MTPCS (Cellular One Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, Northwest Missourri Cellular Limited, Panhandle Telecommunications Systems(PTCI), Peoples Wireless, Pine Belt Wireless, Pine Cellular, Revol Wireless USA, RINA, Sagebrush Cellular (Nemont), SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, SouthernLinc, SRT Wireless, Texas RSA 3 Ltd(Plateau Wireless), Thumb Cellular, Union Telephone Company(Union Wireless), United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless (5 Star Wireless)
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Export Control
Connections controls and operates Connexus® from its headquarters in the United States and makes no representation that the Content is appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use Connexus® from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable state and federal laws, including, but not limited to, export and import control laws and regulations of the United States. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or connecting to Connexus®, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Warranty and Other Disclaimers
Connections is committed to ensuring the accuracy of all information included in Connexus®, subject to the following limitations:
Connections will use reasonable efforts to keep the information current and to ensure the accuracy or completeness of materials available through Connexus®. However, materials available through Connexus® are not promised or guaranteed to be correct, current, or complete, and may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The User acknowledges that Connections is not liable for the conduct of any party using Connexus® or for any defamatory, offensive, infringing, or illegal materials contained on Connexus® or in any Communication Service, and Connections reserves the right to correct any errors or omissions and remove any materials from Connexus® at its sole discretion and without liability of any kind.
Disclaimer of Warranty
USE OF CONNEXUS® OR ANY COMMUNICATION SERVICE IS AT THE USER'S SOLE RISK. ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES WHATSOEVER. CONNECTIONS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, AND OTHER WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONNECTIONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES THAT CONNEXUS® WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE. THE USER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT IF THE USER DOWNLOADS OR OTHERWISE OBTAINS MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES, THE USER DOES SO AT THE USER'S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO THE USER'S COMPUTER SYSTEM. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE USER.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL CONNECTIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE CONNEXUS® OR ANY COMMUNICATION SERVICE. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF CONNECTIONS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CONNECTIONS' LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Release
THE USER HEREBY RELEASES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES CONNECTIONS, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS ("RELEASED PARTIES"), FROM ALL ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, INJURIES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND GROWING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USER OR USER'S MINOR CHILD(REN)'S USE OF CONNEXUS® OR ANY COMMUNICATION SERVICE. THE USER UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS IS A FULL AND COMPLETE RELEASE TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW OF ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES TO WHICH YOU OR YOUR MINOR CHILD(REN) MAY HAVE AS A RESULT OF HIS OR HER USE OF CONNEXUS® REGARDLESS OF THE SPECIFIC CAUSE THEREOF.
Indemnification
Upon request by Connections, the User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Connections and its affiliates, employees, contractors, officers, directors, third-party content providers and licensors from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney's fees, which arise from the User's use or misuse of Connexus®, Content, or any Communication Services. Connections reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the User, in which event the User will cooperate with Connections in asserting any available defenses.
Governing Law, Choice of Law, and Forum
The use of Connexus® shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, excluding its conflicts of law rules. The User expressly agrees that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to the User's use of Connexus® shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the State of Maryland, and the User further agrees and submits to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
Severability and Integration
Except for other agreements signed by the User with Connections, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between the User and Connections with respect to use of Connexus®. If any part of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
Termination of Use
If the User violates these Terms, the User may be barred from future use of Connexus® and/or subject to legal action. Cause for such suspension, termination and/or deletion shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms, or of other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification of Connexus® (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, and/or (g) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities. Termination of your account may include (x) removal of access to all offerings within Connexus®, (y) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (z) barring of further use of Connexus®. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Connection's sole discretion and that Connections shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, or access to Connexus®.
Additional Terms Applicable to the Connections Community of Schools, Including All Nexus Schools, Only
WebMail, Message Boards, and Other Communication Services
Connections offers an internal email system, Connections WebMail, through Connexus, as a service to certain Users in connection with those education programs that provide for webmail service. Webmail allows those Users to interact with other Webmail Users. Connections cannot guarantee the security of any information that such Users disclose in WebMail messages, and the Users do so at their own risk. Sent WebMail messages are accessible only to the author and recipients, as well as other authorized personnel for the purpose of maintaining system integrity and to ensure that Users are acting responsibly and legally as required by these Terms. WebMail messages are also not guaranteed to be private and may be monitored. Messages relating to or in support of illegal or obscene activities or that otherwise violate these Terms may be reported to the appropriate authorities and may result in the loss of privileges, removal from the User's respective educationprograms, and/or legal action.
Connections also operates academic Message Boards located within Connexus® to facilitate the exchange of ideas, information, and opinions between Users whose respective education program provides access to Message Boards. These Users may only use the Message Boards for structured clubs, activities, and other educational uses as specified by each school department and as described on each Message Board. The Message Boards contain contributions that represent only the opinions of their respective authors and do not express the opinions of Connections. Use of the Message Boards is subject to the rules governing their use as provided when accessing them (see also the Links section below).
In addition to the WebMail system and the Message Boards, Connections may from time to time offer chat areas and/or other message or communication functionality designed to enable Users to communicate with others (each a "Communication Service" and collectively "Communication Services"). The User agrees to use Communication Services only in compliance with these Terms and as described on each Communication Service to post, send, and receive messages and materials that are proper and, when applicable, related to the particular Communication Service.
Any information that you submit to be posted to a Message Board or other Communication Service will be disclosed and available to all Users of that Communication Service and is, therefore, no longer private. We cannot guarantee the security of such information that you disclose or communicate online in public areas, and you do so at your own risk. Connections does not control or endorse the content, messages, or information found in any Communication Service; therefore, Connections specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from a User's participation in any Communication Services. All participants acknowledge that any reliance upon such content shall be at the sole risk of the person so relying.
Although Connections has no obligation to do so, Connections reserves the right (i) to monitor anything posted to a Message Board or other Communication Services or anything sent via Connections WebMail, and (ii) to remove anything which Connections considers offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms or for any other reason as Connections deems necessary in its sole and absolute discretion. Connections also reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Connections deems necessary to satisfy any disciplinary investigation, applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, at Connections' sole discretion.
Use of School Work, Interviews, Photographs, and Videos
Users may have the opportunity to provide material for inclusion in Connexus®. This material may include the submission of work samples; participation in clubs; postings on the Message Boards; text or other submissions for newsletters, newspapers, and yearbooks; writing WebMail messages; etc. Users represent that they own and/or control all of the rights to User's own material and that the public use of such material will not violate or infringe on the rights of Connections or any third party.
Users may also have the opportunity to participate in a LiveLesson®. Connections cannot guarantee the security of any information disclosed by voice or text in a LiveLesson® session. Any information that a User submits or is captured in a LiveLesson® session may be disclosed and available to all Users and is, therefore, no longer private. Parents or legal guardians are responsible for any information disclosed by their minor children.
LiveLesson® sessions may be recorded and used for instructional and demonstrative purposes. The User, for himself or the User’s minor child, hereby agrees to the recording of LiveLesson® sessions in which the User participates. To the extent a User does not wish to participate in a recorded LiveLesson®, recorded sessions are available to the User to view on demand.