https://www.edencamp.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Eden Camp Modern History Theme Museum
SAVE OUR MUSEUM - WE NEED YOUR HELPDONATE NOW
MENU
Visit
Visit
Ticket Prices
Season Tickets
How to get here
Covid Safe Plan
Buy Tickets
Online shop
See All
Ammo
Gifts
Books
Stationery
Experiences
Clothing
Children
What’s on
Food & Drink
Discover
Schools
Schools
Home Activities
Heritage Restorations
About us
About us
News
Join the team
Suppliers & Links
Event hire
Contact
Advertise with us
BUY TICKETS
MENU
/
CONTACT
0 items
0 items
Privacy Policy
The General Data Protection Regulations came into force on the 25th May 2018. It is the new EU legislation protecting personal data and providing electronic privacy. This new law is built around the principles of transparency and control.
We (Eden Camp) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy explains when and why we collect personal information, how we process it and how we use it.
We will only collect, process and use your data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, in line with your expectations and in a transparent manner.
This policy sets out information about what data is collected, why it is collected, how it is used and your options and rights regarding the collection and use of your data.
Who we are
Name:
P.O.W. Camp 83 Limited trading as Eden Camp Modern History Theme Museum.
Operational Address: Eden Camp Museum, Malton, North Yorkshire. YO17 6RT.
Registered Company No. and Address: 01993416 2 Hallgarth, Pickering, North Yorkshire. YO18 7AW.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act (1998) and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) from 25th May 2018, the data controller is Eden Camp Modern History Theme Museum.
Why we collect data
As a visitor we really appreciate your support. Therefore we want to ensure that we are able to keep you informed about how your support is enabling us to keep the museum up and running and thus ensuring that the memories of those that our exhibitions and displays represents alive. The data that we hold about you helps us personalise promotions and services that we may offer in the future.
What personal information do we collect, hold and use?
We hold personal information about our staff, visitors/customers and supporters.
The information covered by this Privacy Policy includes the personal data you provide when you submit quiz entry sheets, take part in visitor surveys, respond to our invitations to attend or take part in events that we organise within the museum, request information about our museum or displays and exhibitions that make up our museum, allow us to complete accident and incident forms and otherwise opt-in to receive information from us.
When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data, by referring you to this privacy policy.
We treat your data with the utmost care and take appropriate steps to protect it.
Personal information we collect may include but is not limited to
Name and title
Gender
Date of Birth
Postal Address
E mail address
Phone number
Our website uses Cookies* and digital data may be collected when you visit our website, including IP addresses, browser data, traffic data. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, however we will use appropriate procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Cookies
Our website www.edencamp.co.uk uses cookies to store information on your computer. Most of these cookies are essential to make our site work and information collected is used to track visitor use to improve our service and compile statistical reports on website activity. If you continue to use our site we assume that you are happy to receive these cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in anonymous for such as repeat visits, time spent on pages and pages of interest.
You can set your computer browser not to accept cookies, and also remove cookies that may already have been activated on your computer.
We have a small number of links on our website to other links from our website – www.edencamp.co.uk to other websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to our website so when a person browsing our website clicks a link to other websites they should familiarise themselves with the site’s Privacy Policy.
Where information is recorded on paper files, it is stored securely in restricted access offices.
How we will use your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order/purchase
To provide after sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service);
In certain cases, we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
CCTV
– We utilise CCTV with 24 hour recording in a number of different areas of the museum for the purposes of security and visitor safety. The system is monitored by our own museum staff.
Your rights
The accuracy of your information and the data that we hold on you is important to us. If you change any of your personal contact details, or you are aware that the information that we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us using the methods advised below.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data and can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the methods below.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or would like a copy of the information that we may hold about you, please e-mail us at admin@edencamp.co.uk , write to us at Eden Camp Museum, Malton, North Yorkshire, YO17 6RT, or call our admin office on 01653 697777.
The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) (www.ico.org.uk) the supervisory body responsible for protecting people’s access to information and you have the right to lodge a complaint to them if you feel we are not using your data appropriately.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This policy was issued : May 2018
We reserve the right to update and review our Privacy Policy at any time. We may inform you of any changes if this is necessary.
Eden Camp Modern History Theme MuseumMalton, North Yorkshire, YO17 6RT
Email: admin@edencamp.co.ukTelephone: (01653) 697777
Eden Camp reserves the right to alter or withdraw any exhibit, event or price without notice and to refuse admission to any party.© 2020 Eden Camp Modern History Theme Museum All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. View Details ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.