https://www.ceai.org/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 3, 2020 CEAI (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the CEAI website (the “website”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our website.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving our website. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.ceai.org
Information Collection And Use
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to service our website, to provide the features on our website on our behalf, analyze how our website is being used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or websites.
Children’s Privacy
Our website does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Share
Tweet
Share
Pin
Not a Member?
Join the Movement
CEAI is a 501 (c)3 Religious Non-Profit
Terms and Conditions – Privacy Policy
Home
About
About Us
Ministry Partners
Contact Us
What’s New
Membership With Coverage
Job Action Protection
Professional Liability Insurance
CEAI Member Insurance Program
No-Cost Term Life Insurance
Discounts & Deals
Travel
Online Degrees & Tuition Discounts
Credit Union
Affinity4 Internet – Long Distance
Membership Fees
Resources
Resource Center
Service Request
Ask An Attorney
Ask An Educator
CEAI Mobile App
Daily Devotionals
Prayer Request
Around The Word In 180 Days
1:16 PM Prayer Initiative
FAQs
Teachers of Vision Magazine
Union Issues
Union Issues
Union Frequently Asked
Questions
Events
LIFT America
SavED by Grace Blog
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read our Privacy Policy if you haven't already.
Close