http://www.bigbend.edu/privacy-policy
Email
| Portal
| Password Help
| Canvas
| Starfish
| Student Kiosk
Home
Admissions
FUTURE STUDENTS
Getting Started
DREAMers!
Dual Credit Programs
Running Start
Testing Services
Admissions
Paying For College
CURRENT STUDENTS
Campus Map
DREAMers!
Registration
Transcript Request
Graduation Application
Transfer
Paying For College
Get Virtual Assistance
Academics
EXPLORE
PROGRAMS & DEGREES
Course Catalog
Searchable Class Schedule
How to Register for Classes Info and Videos
Student Kiosk
Canvas
Tutorials for Online Classes
Transitional Studies (Open Doors/HS21/GED/ABE/ESL)
SUPPORT SERVICES
Advising
Counseling
Disability Support Services
Library
STEM Center (Tutoring)
The Writing Center
TRIO SSS
Career Services
Workforce Education Services
Get Virtual Assistance
NEED TO KNOW
Academic Calendar
Campus Lab Hours
Final Exam Schedule
University Opportunities
Student Life
GET INVOLVED
Associated Student Body
Athletics
Student Clubs
Columbia Basin Allied Arts
Student Veterans
ON CAMPUS
Report-It!
Residence Halls
Bookstore
Campus Safety
Child Care
Viking Food Pantry
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Student Employment Opportunities
NEED TO KNOW
Student’s Right to Know
Title IX
Login Assistance
Campus Resources
Current Students/Important Links
Printing Policy
Student Handbook
Technology Resources
Drug-Free Campus
Information Center
Resources
Strategic Planning
Administration
BBCC Foundation
Biennial Review 2016-18
Big Bend Factoids
Building Info
Campus Tours & Outreach
Community & Professional Education (CBIS)
Drug & Alcohol Abuse Prevention
Human Resources
Institutional Research and Planning
Instruction & Assessment
Maps and Directions
Public Information Request
Purchasing
Resources for Business
Undocumented Status and DACA Resources
Quick Links
Advanced Technologies Education Center (ATEC)
Organizational Chart
Job Openings
Browse Openings
Student Employment / Career Services
Contact Us
RESOURCES
Campus Directory – CTRL+F to search by name
Office & Service Hours
Get Virtual Assistance
Privacy Policy
Big Bend Community College > Privacy Policy
Font Size: Larger /Smaller
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Privacy Policy
Something extraordinary is happening at Big Bend Community CollegeBBCC nursing students achieved a 100-percent pass rate on their first attempt at the national NCLEX board exam for registered nurses in 11 of the last 12 years. The school was voted the third-best nursing program in the State of Washington by the website registerednursing.org..
Popular Searches
BBCC Academic Calendar
Canvas
Class Schedule
Financial Aid
Annual Security Report
Press ReleasesBoeing donates $50,000 to Big Bend aviation programsBBCC TRIO Programs celebrate National First-Generation DayBig Bend’s Garoutte selected to sit on NFCA BoardPhi Theta Kappa inducts 17 new members NewsBig Bend nursing students excel through difficultiesTerry Leas reflects on higher education careerBig Bend Celebrates TRiO Upward Bound Program With Drive Thru ParadeMicrosoft donates $10K for Big Bend Computer Science program scholarships
Athletic NewsVikings sweep Miles City, Ray picks up two winsVikings split 4-game weekend series at home with Pierce CollegeVikings softball picks up three wins at crossover tournamentBig Bend Baseball splits weekend series with Centralia, 2-2
Home | Admissions | Academics | Student Life | Information | Contact | SitemapAccessibility | Non-Discrimination Policy | Privacy Policy | Publication Disclaimer | Support | Terms of Use7662 Chanute Street N.E. • Moses Lake, WA 98837 • 509-793-2222 • 877-745-1212 • TDD 509-793-2325
© Copyright 2013 Big Bend Community College
Covid-19 InformationRead More
+