http://www.abertay.ac.uk/legal/
We use cookies to ensure we provide you with the best user experience. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive cookies from our site. Learn more.
Close
Legal
This section provides all the legal information we are required to publish. Full versions of our GDPR Policies are available here.
Home
Legal
Legal
This section provides all the legal information we are required to publish.
Freedom of Information
This page provides you with an introduction to Abertay University's Publication Scheme pages and with quick links to its pages.
The purpose of this Model Publication Scheme is to provide you with details of the range of information that we routinely publish. The scheme also provides details of how you can access this information and tells you whether it is available free, or if there is a charge for the information.
Freedom of Information
Cookie Policy
This section details how we use Cookies - small text files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you access the Abertay's website.
Cookie Policy
Data Protection
This section shows the University's Data Protection Policies and outlines our requirement to comply fully with Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016
Our Privacy Policies establishes how we handle any personal information we might gather from you.
Student Personal Data: Privacy Notice
Fundraising and Alumni Privacy Notice
Abertay University Gift Acceptance Policy
Events Privacy Notice
Marketing and Communications Privacy Notice
Candidate Privacy Notice
Employee Privacy Notice
Procurement Privacy Policy
Data Protection Policy
Privacy by Design and by Default Policy
Individual Rights Policy
Fleur’s Wonderland App Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for Research Participants
OPEN Outreach and Public Engagement Privacy Notice
Abertay REF2021 Privacy Notice
Abertay University COVID Personal Data Privacy Notice
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions form a legal Agreement between you and Abertay.
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions
Accessibility
Abertay University is committed to making the information and resources that it provides via our website accessible to all users.
Accessibility