http://www.messiah.edu/terms
Messiah University's response to COVID-19
Messiah is in session this fall with flexible in-person and remote learning options, health and safety protocols and student care and support.
Learn more
X
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Site map
Accessibility
Sign in
Contact
Apply
Visit
Give
APPLY TO MESSIAH
Fill out our online application and take an important step toward becoming a Messiah University Falcon!
Undergrad
Graduate
Dual Enrollment
Undergrad Online
Programs
Degree Programs
graduate
Degrees and certificates
Academic distinctives
School of Graduate Studies
Career development
QuickLinks
Library
Career & Professional Development Center
Schools and departments
University Honors Program
Messiah University is nationally recognized for its integration of top-tier academics and Christian faith.
start here
Admissions
Undergraduate
Apply
Request information
Cost of tuition
Scholarships and grants
Meet your counselor
Admissions process
Accepted students
Adult Degree Programs
Apply
Request Info
Tuition and aid
Admissions requirements
graduate
Apply
Request information
Tuition and aid
Admissions requirements
Visit Campus
Virtual Tour
Connect virtually
Open House events
Directions
Campus Map
We educate strong servant leaders who combine professional expertise with a reconciling spirit.
start here
Athletics
gomessiah.com
Full calendar
GoMessiah.tv
Be recruited
Sports camps
Sports & Recreation
Club & rec sports
Physical fitness
Game day
Sports ministry
Athletics serve as an exciting piece of our community and provide a common bond for school spirit.
start here
Faith & Service
Overview
Grow your faith
Service opportunities
Global engagement
Find a church
Faith in the classroom
Our motto, 'Christ Preeminent', shapes every experience you'll have as a student at Messiah.
start here
Student Life
Life on campus
Things to do
Your new home
Living on campus
Frequently asked questions
Dining facilities
A diverse community
Student support
Messiah’s campus is an active, busy place where you’ll have fun and make lifelong friendships.
start here
Home
Terms and disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Our policy is to collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our Web sites unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us. However, our web servers do automatically recognize some non-personal information, such as volume and timing of access, as well as the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our sites.
If you choose to share personal information with us, we will not sell that information to commercial entities. Messiah College may communicate with you regarding future offerings or opportunities in which we feel you may be interested. If you do not wish to receive these communications, please contact us using our web help form. Please note that student information is kept confidential pursuant to federal and state regulations.
Security Policy
Messiah College's website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process purchases made on its online store and ticketing systems. By using this technology, online customers can feel confident that their personal information is protected from interception by any third party. Sensitive credit card information is not permanently stored on any Messiah College web server and though your order information is retained for our records, this information is not shared with other companies or persons. For more information, see "What is a Secure Connection?"
Policy Changes
Occasional changes may be made to these policies as new services and content are added to our site. Visitors are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy and security guidelines.
Acceptance of Terms
By using any of the Messiah College website(s), you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of any Messiah College site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Links to Third-party Web Sites
Any links on the Messiah College website to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. If you visit these links, please know that you will be leaving our website. Messiah College has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Messiah College does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information or materials found there. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked from the Messiah College website, you should refer to their respective policies for privacy/security information.
For More Information
If you have questions about our privacy or security policies, or have suggestions about improving our policies, please contact us using our web help form.
Website Copyright Policy
Messiah College web pages are maintained by many departments and organizations across campus and are frequently updated and improved. New content is added as it becomes available. Although we attempt to keep information on the Messiah College website as accurate as possible, the accuracy of the information provided across the entire site is not guaranteed.
For general information about Messiah's website, please contact us using our web help form.
Any personal employee, student, and student group home pages found on the Messiah College web servers are the sole responsibility of the users who make that information publicly available. Any personal home pages and the opinions or information contained therein, as well as any pages linked from the Messiah College website, are the creation of the person or persons maintaining the pages and do not necessarily represent the opinions of Messiah College.
All parties providing content on the Messiah College website warrant that the copying, distribution and use of such content does not violate any other party's proprietary rights. It is the responsibility of Messiah College to investigate all complaints concerning materials hosted on the Messiah College website and to notify offending parties to remove the material if it is found to violate local, state or federal law or Messiah College policies.
Concerns regarding objectionable material posted by students should be directed to the Associate Dean of Students, who is responsible to review the material to determine if it violates Messiah College standards.  If the material is found to violate College standards, the Associate Dean of Students will notify the student to remove the material within 24 hours.  If the material is not removed, the Associate Dean of Students will direct Information Technology Services (ITS) to disable the student’s Internet access and may pursue appropriate disciplinary procedures.