http://www.thealmanac.net/site/terms.html
Welcome, Guest
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
News
South Hills News
Bethel Park
Mt Lebanon
Peters Township
South Fayette
Upper St Clair
Area Deaths
School News
Sports
Life & Culture
Neighbors
Religion
Seniors
Career
People
Announcements
Looking Back
Quick_pix
Sights & Sounds
What's Happening
Events Calendar
Lottery Results
Fish Fry Map
Weather
Classifieds
e-Edition
South Hills Living
Get Our Newsletter
Get the Almanac
Keep It Coming
Start It Up
Advertise With Us
Submit Content to The Almanac
Contact Us
About Us
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
e-Edition
Get the Almanac
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Submit Content to The Almanac
About Us
Bethel Park
Mt Lebanon
Peters Township
South Fayette
Upper St Clair
General
Welcome to www.thealmanac.net, the website of The Almanac, a publication of Observer Publishing Co. As part of our service, Observer Publishing Co. agrees to provide you with information and other computer services subject to the terms of this Terms of Service Agreement. Upon notice published through the service, Observer Publishing Co. may amend or modify these Terms of Service at any time. Use of this site signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service.Rights
This site is owned and operated by Observer Publishing Co. and contains material which is derived in whole or in part from Observer Publishing Co. and other sources and is protected by international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this site including code and software. You may download material from this site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.License
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through this service, you are granting Observer Publishing Co. a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such communication. Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the communication.The forgoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, servicemark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall Observer Publishing Co. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use Observer Publishing Co. materials. You specifically acknowledge and agree that Observer Publishing Co. is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any material, or with, any of Observer Publishing Co. terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Observer Publishing Co. web site. In addition, Observer Publishing Co. may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. Observer Publishing Co. is not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. Your use of this site also signifies your release of Observer Publishing Co. and its affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against them, arising from your use of these products or services.Bulletin Boards, Forums, Discussion Groups and Chat Rooms
This service may include bulletin boards, forums, discussion groups and/or chat rooms ("bulletin boards") which allow feedback and/or real-time interaction between users, Observer Publishing Co. and/or third parties. Observer Publishing Co. does not control the messages, information or files delivered to any bulletin boards. It is a condition of your use of the bulletin boards and this Web site that you do not:Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the bulletin boards.Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, deceptive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or inaccurate information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.Post or transmit any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.Post or transmit any information, software or other material which contains a virus or other harmful component.Post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising.HTML code is prohibited.Posting of images is limited.Users may be removed, banned, suspended or revoked at any time without notice or warning.You understand that Observer Publishing Co. has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards. However, Observer Publishing Co. reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Observer Publishing Co. sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these terms and conditions.
A fundamental purpose of these areas is to encourage freedom of speech and frank dialogue on all issues. However, misstatements, distorted facts and outright lies have no place in a constructive discussion either on our pages or within web sites linked to our pages.Privacy PolicyDisclaimer
Observer Publishing Co. has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Observer Publishing Co. does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on these third-party sites. The materials in this site and the third-party sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Observer Publishing Co. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Observer Publishing Co. does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site, including bulletin boards, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. Observer Publishing Co. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site or in third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. You (and not Observer Publishing Co.) assume the entire cost of all necessary maintenance, repair or correction.Termination
This agreement is effective until terminated by Observer Publishing Co. at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access any bulletin boards and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the bulletin boards, the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.Other
This Terms of Service Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Observer Publishing Co. and you with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written or oral. Observer Publishing Co. may amend or modify this Terms of Service Agreement or impose new conditions at any time without prior notice. Such amendments and modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof which may be given by means including, but not limited to, posting on Observer Publishing Co. Any use of the service by you after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of such amendments, modifications or new conditions. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions
© Copyright 2020 The Almanac, 122 S. Main St Washington, PA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy