https://www.jobs.ac.uk/legal/accessibility
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
Recruiters
Your Account
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
Your Account
Recruiters
Accessibility Statement for the jobs.ac.uk Website
This accessibility statement applies to www.jobs.ac.uk.
This website is run by Warwick University Services Ltd, trading as jobs.ac.uk. We want as many people
as possible to be able to use this website.
On this website, you should be able to:
change colours, contrast levels and fonts
zoom in, up to 200% without the text spilling off the screen
use the site with assistive software such as TextHelp Read and Write and Zoomtext.
listen to most of the website using a screen reader (including the most recent versions of
JAWS, NVDA and VoiceOver)
We’ve also made the website text as simple as possible to understand.
AbilityNet has advice on making your
device easier to use if you have a disability.
How Accessible is this Website?
We know some parts of this website are not fully accessible:
You may not be able to access all content by using the keyboard alone
Not all colour contrasts may meet sufficient contrast levels
Not all images have alternative text
Not all links have discernable names
Not all PDFs have HTML alternatives, e.g. Products and Rates cards
Tooltips are not enabled for all icons
Not all PDFs meet accessibility standards
There are moving images that can’t be paused
There are pop ups that appear without warning
Feedback and Contact Information
If you need information on this website in a different format like accessible PDF, large print, easy
read, audio recording or braille:
Email – servicedesk@wegit.co.uk
Call – 024 7657 3400
We’ll consider your request and get back to you within 10 working days.
Reporting Accessibility Problems with this Website
We’re always looking to improve the accessibility of this website. If you find any problems not listed
on this page or think we’re not meeting accessibility requirements, contact the accessibility team on
servicedesk@wegit.co.uk
or 024 7657 3400.
Enforcement Procedure
The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is responsible for enforcing the accessibility
regulations. If you’re not happy with how we respond to your complaint, contact the
Equality Advisory and Support Service (EASS).
Technical Information About this Website’s Accessibility
Jobs.ac.uk is committed to making its website accessible, in accordance with the Public Sector Bodies
(Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018.
This website is partially compliant with the
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1
AA standard, due to the non-compliances listed below.
Non Accessible Content
The content listed below is non-accessible for the following reasons.
Non-compliance with the Accessibility Regulations
The following items do not comply with the WCAG 2.1 AA success criteria:
All non-text content that is presented to the user might not have a text alternative
1.1.1 Non-text Content
Information, structure, and relationships conveyed through presentation may not be programmatically
determined or may not be available in text.
1.3.1 Info and Relationships
Instructions provided for understanding and operating content may rely solely on sensory
characteristics of components such as shape, colour, size, visual location, orientation, or sound.
1.3.3 Sensory Characteristics
Verification is needed to determine if colour is not used as the only visual means of conveying
information, indicating an action, prompting a response, or distinguishing a visual element.
1.4.1 Use of Color
There may not be sufficient colour contrast between font and background colours, especially where
the text size is very small
1.4.3 - Contrast (Minimum)
Since all functionality of the content may not be operable using a keyboard interface, then focus
may not be moved away from that component using only a keyboard interface, and, if it requires more
than unmodified arrow or tab keys or other standard exit methods, there may not be any instruction
provided for the user for moving focus away
2.1.2 No Keyboard Trap
A mechanism may not be available to bypass blocks of content that are repeated on multiple Web pages
2.4.1 Bypass Blocks
The purpose of each link may not be determined from the link text alone or from the link text
together with its programmatically determined link context.
2.4.4 Link Purpose (In Context)
It is not always clear to tell where you have navigated to when you are using a keyboard
2.4.7 Focus Visible
The default human language of each Web page may not be programmatically determined.
3.1.1 Language of Page
There are pop up’s that appear without warning
3.2.2 On Input
Error messages may not always be clear
3.3.2 Labels or Instructions
Some elements may not have complete start and end tags or elements may contain duplicate attributes.
4.1.1 Parsing
For all user interface components (including but not limited to: form elements, links and components
generated by scripts), the name and role can be programmatically determined; states, properties,
and values that can be set by the user may not be programmatically set; and notification of changes
to these items may not be available to user agents, including assistive technologies.
4.1.2 Name, Role, Value
Disproportionate Burden
We do not at the current time claim the non-conformances are a disproportionate burden to fix.
We are currently assessing ways of fixing the issues, once that work is complete, we may reassess the
issue. Particularly with some of our legacy content.
Content That’s not Within the Scope of the Accessibility Regulations
PDFs and other documents
The accessibility regulations do not require us to fix PDFs or other documents published before
23 September 2018 if they’re not essential to providing our services.
Any new PDFs or Word documents we publish will meet accessibility standards.
What We’re Doing to Improve Accessibility
Much of the site is built on legacy code, making changes complicated. We are underway with changing
the underpinning platforms to modernise them. All new systems and processes are being built with
“accessibility by design”.
We historically make one or two major updates to the site each year. Each future major update will
address key areas of the site and adjust accessibility.
The accessibility statement will be updated with each major update
We would like editors of the website to be fully conversant with best practice
Preparation of this Accessibility Statement
This statement was prepared on 22nd September 2020. It was last reviewed on 22nd September 2020
This website was last tested on 22nd September 2020. The test was
carried out internally by conducting a manual check of carefully chosen sample pages and content types.
We continue to review the site on a regular basis to check new content.
We used the following Quality Assurance tools in the preparation of this statement:
IBM Equal Access Accessibility checker
Legal Information
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Copyright © jobs.ac.uk 1998 - 2020
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright © jobs.ac.uk 1998 - 2020
IE11 Trigger
Browser Upgrade Recommended
jobs.ac.uk has been optimised for the latest browsers.
For the best user experience, we recommend viewing jobs.ac.uk on one of the following: