https://www.pace.edu/web-site-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Pace University is committed to protecting your privacy
The Pace.edu Web site is provided to support Pace University’s mission and to be of service to students, parents, faculty, staff, alumni, friends, supporters, and the public. Use of this site for any purposes other than that for which it is intended is unauthorized and prohibited.
Data Collection and Use of Cookies
We only collect your personal information (such as your name, address, or telephone number) if you provide it to us voluntarily. Personal information collected on Pace.edu may be stored and processed in the United States.  In limited cases, data may be stored and/or processed in other countries in which Pace University (and its affiliates and agents) maintain facilities and/or services. By using Pace.edu, you consent to the storage, processing, and transfer of your personal information outside your country.
We collect general, statistical information about visitors to our site for the purpose of facilitating communication and conducting business between the college and users of the site. We use this information solely for internal purposes, such as to improve Pace.edu.Under no circumstances do we share information about visitors with external organizations. Pace University also makes use of cookies to improve our visitor’s Web experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored by a Web site on a user’s hard drive, which contains information about the user. Pace University employs cookies to keep track of user names and passwords, as well as to personalize your experience at Pace.edu. You can set your browser to decline or accept cookies, though if you choose not to accept cookies, some parts of the Pace.edu site may function less efficiently.
Pace.edu uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to help us understand, in aggregate, the age, gender and interests of visitors to Pace.edu. This Google Analytics tool does not reveal your name or other identifying information to Pace University. Further, Pace University does not combine the information collected through use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. The information received from Google Analytics is used only to improve Pace.edu and the type of information displayed to Pace.edu visitors so we can better serve those interested in Pace University. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to Pace.edu by using Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-on, available here.
The information and services described on Pace.edu are not intended for children under the age of 13. Pace University does not knowingly collect any information from children. If we learn that we have collected or received personally identifiable information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Security
Pace University provides a secure server to protect your information from being viewed by an outside user. The technology transmits and receives scrambled data, which is decoded on the server side.
Surveys and Email
Pace University may request information through surveys, which users may choose to participate in on a voluntary basis. Information gathered may be used for marketing and promotional purposes or to notify you of new content, among other uses. If you email us with questions or comments, we may use your personal information in order to respond to you. We may also share your information with a third party to assist in our response. We may file your comments for future reference, or we may discard the information after we have reviewed it. Under no circumstances do we share information about visitors with external organizations.
Interactive Features/Facebook
While Pace University and Pace.edu strive to protect users’ personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online through interactive features such as forums, message boards, chat rooms, or similarservices that are specifically designed to be visible to other users. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to submit via those media can be read, collected, and used by other participants and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit when you engage in such activities.
Pace University may also use Facebook features and tools, including pixel tags added to Pace.edu, that allow data about actions of visitors to be sent to Facebook to track conversions and to allow Pace University to create custom audiences for the courses, products or services Pace University may advertise on Facebook. We may also provide Facebook with other data we have collected about you for this purpose, using Facebook tools that allow data such as email addresses and phone numbers to be locally hashed on our system before we upload and pass such data to Facebook. Facebook’s use of such data is governed by Facebook’s Data Use Policy. You can adjust Facebook ad settings here. You can also manage the interest-based advertising you receive or completely opt-out of receiving such advertising by indicating your choice here.
Links to third-party sites
This site may contain links to sites owned or operated by parties other than Pace University. Pace University does not control outside sites and is not responsible for their content. Inclusion of links to an outside site does not imply any endorsement of the material on the site or, unless expressly stated otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation, or association with its owner, operator, or sponsor.
Exceptions
Pace University occasionally hires other companies to provide services on our behalf; for example, to process event registrations, to send alumni announcements, and to provide you with information on upcoming events, etc. Pace University will provide these companies only with the information they need to deliver the services, and, where applicable, such companies will be contractually prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
In certain circumstances we will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or in other special cases, such as an attempted breach of the Pace.edu security, without notice to you.
Copyright
This site and all information and images within it are copyright Pace University, unless otherwise noted. U.S. copyright law protects all materials on this site. All rights reserved. Anyone wishing to obtain permission to reproduce any materials appearing on this site should contact webcontent@pace.edu.
Disclaimer
The information on this site is provided “as is,” and no representations or warranties of any kind are made regarding it. Our policy is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
Your access to and control over your information
You have the right to access the personally identifiable information that Pace University has collected about you. You may do the following at any time by contacting us at webcontent@pace.edu:
- Opt out of any future contacts from us;
- See what personally identifiable information we have about you, if any;
- Change, correct, or have us delete any personally identifiable information we have about you; and/or
- Express any concern you have about our use of your personally identifiable information.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us at webcontent@pace.edu.
Updates
Pace University reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time. All updates will be posted on this page. Your continued use of Pace.edu following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes.
Updated: May 15, 2018
Menu
Undergraduate Students
Majors and Minors
Programs & Opportunities
Online Programs
Academic Support
Career Services
Libraries
Graduate Students
Degrees
Programs & Opportunities
Online Programs
Academic Support
Career Services
Libraries
Continuing and Professional Education
Online Certificates
Center for Professional Studies
English Language Institute
Badges
Provost and Faculty
Provost
Office of Research
Faculty
featured faculty
Colleges and Schools
Colleges and Schools
Quick Links
What is the Pace Path?
Pace Path Planning Guide
Resources
Purposeful Planning and Academics
Sample Four Year Overview
The Pace Path in Academics
Coaching and Mentoring
Alumni Student Mentoring Program
Additional Mentoring Programs
Experiential Learning
Career Services
Center for Community Action and Research
Pace International / Study Abroad
Student Development NYC
Student Development PLV
NYC Campus
Housing
Dining
activities
health & wellness
Security & Emergency Management
Visit Campus
nyc campus map
Master Site Plan
Westchester Campus
Housing
dining
Varsity Athletics
activities
Health & Wellness
Security & Emergency Management
westchester campus map
Plan a Career
College of Health Professions
Dyson College of Arts and Sciences
Lubin School of Business
School of Education
Seidenberg School of CSIS
Contact Us
Explore Careers
Jobs in My Major
Facts and Figures
Informational Interviews
Career Testing
Contact Us
Get Prepared
Get Market Ready
Workshops
Resume and Cover Letter Guidebook
Digital Branding Tips
Dress for Success
Dining and Professional Etiquette
Find a Mentor
LinkedIn Tools
Contact Us
Find a Job/Internship
Get Market Ready
Join Handshake
Meet Employers
Job Search Sites
On Campus Jobs
Volunteer
Employer Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives
Contact Us
For Employers
Quick Links
Apply Today
Request Information
Visit Campus
Deposit Today
More info for
School Counselors
Undergraduate Admission
Create Your Custom Viewbook
Freshman
International
Transfer
Veterans
Financial Aid
Accepted Students
Graduate Admission
Graduates
International
Veterans
admission events
Financial Aid
Accepted Students
Law School
Create Your Custom Viewbook
Pace Online and Continuing Education
Online Programs
Adult For Credit
Adult Non-Credit
January Intersession
Find It Fast
A to Z
News
White Pages
Visit Pace
Request Information
Apply Now
Schools
MyPace
Current Students
Parents & Families
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Friends
Directions
Giving
Find It Fast
A to Z
Apply Now
Request Information
Schools
Visit Pace