http://www.contextdiscovery.com/legal.aspx
Free 21-day
trial
Related links
Context Organizer Products – Overview
Context Organizer
for the Web
Context Organizer
for Microsoft Office
Context Organizer
for Mindjet MindManager
BlinkInfo for Websites
Context Organizer for
SharePoint
Compare Products
Screen Shots
Video Demos
Use Cases
Testimonials
Cool Facts
Installation Requirements
Download Trial
FAQs
Legal
Home    Legal
General
Copyright
Use of Web Site Information
Privacy and Confidentiality
Cookies
Indemnity
Software licenses
Exclusion from Warranties and Liability
Payment
Security
Links to Third Parties
Links to Context Discovery
Consent
Termination
Disclaimer
Exclusive Jurisdictions
Refund Policy
Contacting Company
General
Context Discovery Inc., henceforth referred to as Context Discovery, makes information
and services available on this web site subject to these terms and conditions. By
using this web site and/or by pressing any of the functional buttons, such as 'order',
'submit' and similar buttons, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by
these terms and conditions.
Context Discovery reserves the right to change these terms and conditions, as well
as Context Discovery services, prices and events mentioned in this web site at any
time, at its sole discretion, without notice. You should visit this page periodically
to review the terms and conditions, as they are binding on you. Context Discovery
reserves the rights to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any
violation of these terms and conditions. Any rights not expressly herein are reserved.
[ Top ]
Copyright
Except for the material belonging to third-parties, all material and data at this
web site, including, but not limited to, the layout and design of this web site,
as well as the company name (Context Discovery), logo, graphics, sounds or images
on this web site, are copyrighted and are the property of Context Discovery Inc.
No portion of this web site may be distributed or reproduced by any means or in
any form without prior written permission from Context Discovery. License is granted
to users of this web site to use this information only for the sole purpose of following
the links in pursuit of skills and labour exchange, business opportunities, and
employment. Third party trademarks, logos, banner ads and similar material appearing
on this web site are trademarks of their respective holders.
[ Top ]
Use of Web Site
Information
As a user, you agree not to do the following things while using this web site: post
material that is copyrighted unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission
of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets unless
you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on
any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity
rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing,
abusive, or impersonating another person; post any computer programming routines
or engines that are intended to damage or detrimentally interfere with any system,
data or information. However, if such communications do occur, Context Discovery
will have no liability related to the content of any such communications.
[ Top ]
Privacy and
Confidentiality
Context Discovery guarantees privacy of personal information (such as name, telephone
and fax number, e-mail address, mailing and residence address) to all users of this
web site. Context Discovery will not willingly and knowingly disclose the above
mentioned personal information provided by the users of this web site to an outside
party without the users' prior consent.
With the exception of the above mentioned personal information, Context Discovery
does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information through this web
site. Except for the personal information, any information sent to Context Discovery
will be deemed NOT CONFIDENTIAL. You grant Context Discovery an unrestricted, irrevocable
license to display, use, modify, reproduce, transmit, and distribute any information
you send Context Discovery, for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes.
[ Top ]
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information placed on your hard drive after you visit web
sites. Your browser manages the cookies. You can make the choice of whether to accept
cookies or not with your browser settings. However, if you choose not to accept
cookies, it is possible that some parts of the site may not function properly. Please
see your browser instructions for other guidelines on cookie use. Cookies do not
contain personally identifiable information. Context Discovery Inc. reserves the
right to make cookies mandatory at times for certain purposes, including but not
limited to:
- Authenticating credentials
- Tracking user preferences
- Enhancing user experience
[ Top ]
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Context Discovery and its officers, directors, employees
and agents from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or
expenses whatsoever, including without limitation reasonable legal fees and disbursements,
resulting directly or indirectly from: (a) your access to or use of this web site
or any web site to which this web site is or may be linked from time to time; (b)
your use of, reliance on, or publication, communication or distribution of anything
on or from this Site; or (c) your violation of any law or regulation.
[ Top ]
Software Licenses
All software that is made available for downloading from this Site is protected
by copyright and may be protected by other rights. Your downloading and use of any
such software is conditioned on your agreement to be bound by the terms of the software
license agreement or designated legal notice accompanying such software.
[ Top ]
Exclusion of Warranties and Liability
THE MATERIALS PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON
INFRINGEMENT. CONTEXT DISCOVERY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR
CONDITIONS REGARDING THE USE, VALIDITY, COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF,
OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF, OR OTHERWISE RESPECTING, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE.
CONTEXT DISCOVERY DOES NOT ADOPT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY MANUFACTURER,
SUPPLIER OR MERCHANT OF ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL
CONTEXT DISCOVERY, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
OF OR ACCESS TO THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, OR ANY CONSEQUENCES FLOWING THEREFROM,
EVEN IF CONTEXT DISCOVERY OR A CONTEXT DISCOVERY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH, AND WHETHER BASED IN AN ACTION IN
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY.
Context Discovery has attempted to provide accurate information on this web site
as a service to you. However, we assume no responsibility for, and make no representations
with respect to, the accuracy of the information. Context Discovery may change the
programs or products mentioned on this web site at any time without notice. Mention
of non-Context Discovery products or services is for your convenience and for information
purposes only, and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. Because
international information is provided at this web site, not all products or programs
mentioned will be available in your country. Please contact your local sales representative
for information as to products and services available in your country.
[ Top ]
Payment
Context Discovery does not charge users for the use of this web site.
Context Discovery may charge an applicable fee, if a user requests consulting or
other type of services from Context Discovery.
Context Discovery will charge individuals, companies and organizations for advertising
on the Context Discovery web site or through the Context Discovery e-newsletter.
Unless otherwise indicated in the Context Discovery promotional materials, all payments
are due in full 7 (seven) calendar days upon placing an order.
Context Discovery accepts payment by wire transfer, cheque, or money order . If
you are paying by cheque or money order, you need to make sure that the bank or
clearing financial institution which is issuing your cheque or money order has an
affiliation with a Canadian bank. If you are transferring money to Context Discovery
by wire, it is your responsibility to cover the transfer fees.
Context Discovery may change existing pricing policies without prior notice. It
is your responsibility to make sure that you have the most up-to-date pricing information.
You are required to contact Context Discovery in order to clarify the pricing details,
if and when in doubt.
[ Top ]
Security
The web site of Context Discovery is not yet equipped with software which would
allow for secure credit card transactions. Context Discovery does not want to receive
banking information via this web site. To collect information for billing purposes,
one of the staff of Context Discovery will contact you by phone or e-mail.
Context Discovery uses an outside server to host its web site. The hosting services
are provided to Context Discovery by Magma Communications ? a division of PRIMUS
Telecommunications Canada Inc. who have implemented reasonable web site security
measures for the Context Discovery web site. However, Context Discovery does not
guarantee that this web site is invulnerable to hacker attacks.
For the detailed information on the security specifications implemented for the
Context Discovery web site by Magma Communications, please follow the link to the
Magma Communications web site or contact the company directly at (613) 228-3565
.
[ Top ]
Links to Third Parties
The Context Discovery web site contains information of third-party products and
services for informational purposes. Context Discovery makes no recommendations
or endorsements about third-party products and services. References to and information
about third-party products and services are provided by Context Discovery "as is",
without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied.
No obligation or responsibility of any kind is created on the part of Context Discovery
by submission of any link or suggestion for a link. Nor is Context Discovery responsible
for incorrect links or descriptions. If you decide to access linked third party
web sites, you do so at your own risk.
[ Top ]
Links to Context
Discovery
Context Discovery permits anyone to link to the Context Discovery web site subject
to the linker's compliance with the following:
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site may not replicate content
contained in the Context Discovery web site;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not create a border
environment or browser around content contained in the Context Discovery web site;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not present misleading
or false information about Context Discovery services;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not misrepresent the
Context Discovery relationship with the linker;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not imply that Context
Discovery is endorsing or sponsoring the linker or the linker's services or products;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not use the Context
Discovery logo or name without prior written permission from Context Discovery;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not contain content
that could be construed as obscene, defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for
any ages;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must not contain materials
that would violate any laws;
A web site that links to the Context Discovery web site must agree that the link
may be removed at any time upon request by Context Discovery pursuant to Context
Discovery reserved rights to rescind its content to allow the link.
[ Top ]
Consent
If Context Discovery Inc. decides to change our privacy practices, we will post
those changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of the data we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this page
for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices
and any other changes to these Terms and Conditions. By using our web site and providing
us with your personal data, you consent to this transfer of your personal data.
However, subject to the foregoing, Context Discovery Inc. will not sell, rent, or
share this information with any other organization.
If you have submitted information to the Context Discovery Inc. web site(s) and
would like that information deleted from our records, please contact our Web Team
at info@contextdiscovery.com. We will use reasonable efforts to delete this information
from our files.
[ Top ]
Termination
Context Discovery reserves the right to suspend the services provided to users via
this web site at any time at Context Discovery discretion and either with or without
notice to the users.
Context Discovery reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access
to the web site for violating the terms and conditions or the law and the right
to remove communications which are abusive, illegal or disruptive.
[ Top ]
Disclaimer
Context Discovery does not endorse any opinions expressed by users.
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release Context
Discovery and/or all its staff members, partners and contractors from claims, demands
or damages, actual or consequential, direct or indirect, of every kind and nature,
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out
of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Context Discovery does not warrant that the web site will operate error-free or
that the web site and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms.
Context Discovery does not guarantee that this web site is invulnerable to possible
attacks by hackers. You agree to use the Context Discovery web site and any information
it contains at your own risk. In no event shall Context Discovery be liable for
any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages
whatsoever, including, without limitations, those resulting from: (a) reliance of
materials presented, (b) cost of replacement goods or software, (c) loss of use,
data or profits, (d) delay or business interruptions, (e) hacker attacks, and (f)
any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of information
presented on the Context Discovery web site, whether or not Context Discovery has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.
[ Top ]
Exclusive Jurisdictions
Context Discovery is a software company operating from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
These terms and conditions or any matter applicable to your direct or indirect use
of this web site, shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the
Federal laws applicable in the Province of Ontario. Any dispute shall be settled
in the Courts located in the Province of Ontario.
[ Top ]
Context Discovery Inc. Refund Policy
Context Discovery Inc. is dedicated to providing great software and excellent customer
service. Please read our refund policy carefully and if you have questions, please
email sales@contextdiscovery.com.
We believe that no customer should have to buy software in order to find out how
well it works and that software purchases should be based on thorough evaluation.
Context Discovery offers a free trial period for some of its products. This gives
prospective buyers an opportunity to evaluate the software with no limitations in
capabilities.
Individuals or organizations wishing to extend their evaluation license beyond the
stated period can contact sales@ contextdiscovery.com to request permission and
receive instructions. Once the software has been evaluated the buyer will have
For above reasons, products purchased that are downloadable are NOT refundable.
THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO REFUND AND CANCELLATIONS OF PAYMENTS TO THE CUSTOMERS THAT
RECEIVED UNLIMITED ACTIVATION KEY TO OPERATE THE SOFTWARE. THERE ARE NO EXCEPTIONS
TO THIS POLICY.
Context Discovery Inc. reserves the right to modify this refund policy at its discretion,
or against any customer it believes is abusing this policy. Any such revision or
change will be binding and effective immediately after posting of the revised refund
policy on our web site. You agree to periodically review our web site, including
the current version of our refund policy.
Our refund policy is made available on
our web site. It is your obligation to review our refund policy for any such revisions.
[ Top ]
Contacting Company
You may contact Context Discovery Inc. for customer support or service, or if you
have trouble downloading any of our products, by using our feedback form or by email
at sales@contextdiscovery.com.
or by postal mail to Context Discovery Inc., 29 Bainbridge Ave. Ottawa, Ontario,
Canada, K2G 3T1.
[ Top ]
© 2006-2013 by Context Discovery, Inc. and IDEAL Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
Contact Us   |   Feedback   |   Product Feedback   |   Privacy Policy   |   Legal Notice   |   Sitemap