https://www.smwc.edu/privacy-policy/
Home | Privacy Policy
How will you use my information?
We respect your privacy and will never sell, loan, give, or otherwise distribute your personal information to third parties unless ordered to by a court of law.
Will you spam me?
No! We will send you information about our college and academic programs via email. We strive to respect your communication wishes and craft our email messages and mailings to be relevant to your interests and answer your questions about our college. You may unsubscribe from our communications at any time.
Full Privacy Policy Terms
About the Information We Collect
To enhance our website visitor’s experience, we collect information about your computer in conjunction with information you may provide us through forms or user interface items. Non-identifiable information is collected automatically through your computer’s browser. Personal information is collected only when you supply it to us.
Non-Identifiable Data
We collect non-identifiable information about your computer to make your web visit more enjoyable. This information includes data regarding:
The version of your browser and operating system
Your computer’s screen resolution and capabilities
Your internet service provider
Your navigation path on our website (what pages you visit and how long you stayed)
Your IP address (a non-identifiable number assigned to you by your network provider)
All this data is non-identifiable. We collect this information to make our web site better, to find out what pages are popular and to make sure we don’t have broken links or errors on our web site.
Personal Data
The personal information you choose to give us is protected to insure your privacy. We will use your personal information to deliver materials that you request and provide you with other information about our College.
If you do not feel comfortable giving your information to us online you may contact the college using the methods below.
By Mail:
Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College
1 St Mary of Woods Coll
Saint Mary of the Woods, IN 47876
By Phone:
812-535-5151 – Main
800-926-SMWC – Campus Admission
By Email:
smwc@smwc.edu – General Inquiries
admissions@smwc.edu – General Admissions
online@smwc.edu – Online Admissions
graduate@smwc.edu – Graduate Admissions
Close
WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU FIND?
Search SMWC.edu:
Close
SHARE
Close
SHARE
Share this page content with others