http://www.griplocksystems.com/privacy-policy
Lighting
Griplock® Cable Grippers
Aircraft Cable & Tethers
Cable Couplers & Connectors
Power Cord, Canopies & Accessories
Powered Suspension
Kits
Lighting Seismic Bracing
Miscellaneous
Silver Strand
Display
Griplock® Cable Grippers
Ceiling Mounts
Floor Mounts
Aircraft Cable
Shelving
Ceiling Mounts
Floor Mounts
Midway Components
Aircraft Cable
Signage
Connections to Signage
Connections to T-Bar
Connections Through Tile and Drywall
Connections to Structure
Aircraft Cable
Rigging
Griplock® Cable Grippers
Cable Couplers
Wire Rope Aircraft Cable
Art
Suspension Points
Aircraft Cable
Griplock® Art Cable Grippers
Accessories
Art Order Form
Suspended Ceiling & Clouds
Other Applications
Seismic
HVAC
Griplock® Grippers
Cable Couplers
Aircraft Cable
HVAC Seismic Cable Bracing
Cable Trays
Clearance
Resources
Technical & Legal
General Use Guidelines
Weight Load Guidelines
How to Purchase
Shelving Suspension Specifications
Terms and Conditions
Shipping
Catalogs
Examples
Gallery
Videos
Frequently Asked Questions
Shelving Suspension Builder
About Us
News
Customer Testimonials
Careers
Contact Us
Photo Submission
Our Commitment to Privacy
Griplock Systems, LLC  (collectively, “Griplock”), values our customers and respects your privacy.  We collect information about you in an effort to improve your purchasing experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions.  We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties.  Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information.  If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website.  You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the end of this policy.  If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.  You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.
What kind of information does Griplock collect?
We may collect personal information from you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, gender, birthday, personal interests, etc., when you visit our website, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a contest, promotion, or survey.  We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores.  We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners, from unrelated third parties.
How does Griplock use my information?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including sending you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer and fulfill our promotions
To help us learn more about your shopping preferences
To help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business
To contact you if necessary
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls.
Does Griplock share my information?
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
We may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling promotions, sending communications to our customers, conducting surveys, etc.  We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information.
We may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products, services, or promotions to our customers.
In the event of a sale or merger of Griplock or any of our businesses, our customers’ personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets.
How do I access or change my information?
You can ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.  Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request.
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?
Griplock wants to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us.  If you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about special offers and sales events, you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.
Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from Griplock.  If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a “do not contact” file to ensure that we can honor your request.  It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from Griplock
If you change your mind, you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, or by contacting customer service.
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us, we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email.  We may also need to contact you via telephone, email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order.
How does Griplock protect kids’ privacy?
Griplock is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet.  We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.  Our websites are not targeted to or intended for use by children.
How does Griplock use cookies?
Our websites use “cookies,” which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website.  Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience.
For example, we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites.  Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it.  If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites.
How does Griplock use pixel tags?
We use “pixel tags” (also called “web beacons” or “clear gifs”), which are tiny graphic images, on our websites and in our emails.  Pixel tags help us analyze our customers’ online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising.  We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the sites.  This information may include your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer.  We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site.  We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
We also work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet.  These companies may collect information about your visits to our websites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you.  This information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to tailor our communications with you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
How do I know my personal information is secure?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience.  We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information.
When you enter your personal information on our websites, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us.  To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser.  If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active.  To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser.  If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from “http” to “https.”
If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you’re not quite comfortable shopping online, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.  Customer Services representatives will be happy to assist you.
What is “phishing”?
“Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your personal information.  If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond.  We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
What about links to other websites?
For your convenience and information, our websites may contain links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own.  We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site.  We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites.
How do I contact you?
For questions about our privacy policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact Griplock by email, telephone, or postal mail:
Griplock Systems, LLC
1132 Mark Ave.
Carpinteria, CA 93013
Phone: (805)566-0064
Fax: (805)566-0065
Email: info@griplocksystems.com
Contact Us