http://www.virtualparagon.com/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
HomeProductsServicesAbout UsContact UsSupport
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 14, 2019
This Privacy Policy is effective for new and existing users of Virtual Paragon web sites, applications, and offline activities.
Thank you for visiting Virtual Paragon.
In a nutshell, we take your privacy extremely seriously: we value your privacy and we will not sell your information.
This Privacy Policy explains in more detail the information we collect when you use our Services, and the specific ways we use that information.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Definitions
"We", "us", "our", and "Virtual Paragon" refers to Virtual Paragon LLC, a State of New Jersey limited liability company.
"Services" refers to our web site at www.virtualparagon.com and our online products that you might use.
"You" refers to the person who uses these Services.
"School" or "organization" refers to the entity on whose behalf we are offering these Services to you.
"Personal Data" is information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. This includes things such as your full name, email address, or phone number.
Information We Collect
We collect your Personal Data in a number of ways and for various purposes.
We collect some information automatically, we collect certain information that you provide when you contact us, and we collect information when you create an account and use our Services.
Information We Collect Automatically
As part of your normal browsing, your web browser and mobile device makes available information that may include your IP address, browser type and version, geographic location, device type, operating system, referring site, date and time of access, and language preference.
We collect such information using a variety of mechanisms, including:
Server Logs: When you visit our Services, we automatically receive and record certain information provided by your device and browser.
This may include your IP address, the pages you visit and when, and information about the software and hardware you are using.
Cookies: "Cookies" are small files that are stored on your device by your web browser. We may use cookies to improve your use of our Services.
Where feasible, we use "session cookies" that are cleared once you have completed your session with our Service, for example to keep you logged in while you interact with our Services.
In some cases we use cookies that persist for longer, but are accessible only by our Services. For example, our support form may use a cookie to "remember" you so that you don't have to re-enter your name for each support request.
We may also use analytics cookies set by a third-party service to collect information about your use of our Services for analytics purposes.
You can set your browser to not accept any cookies, or to conditionally accept only cookies that you allow, but this may limit your ability to use our Services.
Information You Provide When You Contact Us
When you contact us to request information about our Services, or when you submit a support request, we collect information that you provide directly to us. This typically happens by you typing it into a text field in a form, and may include your name, address, email address, phone number, school or organization name, your job title and association with the school or organization.
Information You Provide When Using Our Services
When you create an account in one of our Services, we collect, and associate with your account, additional personal information like your name, email address, student names, and other personal account preferences.
This information may be used by us or your school or organization during normal operation of our Services, and to communicate with you regarding your use of our Services.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To provide the requested Services to you
To ensure the proper functioning of our Services
To provide technical support or requested information to you or your organization
To diagnose problems with our servers or Services
To analyze how our Services are used
How We Share Your Information
We may share information as discussed below, but we will not sell, rent, trade or lease your Personal Data to advertisers or other third parties.
If you have an account in one of our Services that is administered by your school or organization, then certain people in the school or organization may have access to some of your Personal Data. For example:
Parent-Teacher Conference Reservation Software
Administrators.
Administrators are those who administer the system on behalf of your school or organization. This may include office staff or parent volunteers that your school or organization has selected to perform this duty.
Administrators can view your information, like your name, email address, and reservations that you have made for teacher conferences. They have the ability to communicate with you by email through our Services. In some instances, they may have the ability to extract your name and email address for the school's or organization's use outside of our Services. If that possibility exists, you have the ability to opt out of that extract in your account settings, and any use they make of your information is governed by your school's or organization's own privacy policy.
Teachers.
Teachers can view only their own schedules. They cannot see reservations you have made with another teacher. In some instances, they may have the ability to view your email address and communicate with you by email regarding your reservation.
Parents.
Parents can view only their own information.
For example, although they may see that a particular time slot is not available, they cannot see who has reserved that time slot.
College Application Tracking Software
Administrators.
Administrators are those who administer the system on behalf of your school or organization.
Administrators can view and enter your information, like student name and college application information.
Gift Basket Exchange SystemHoliday Greeting Exchange System
Administrators.
Administrators are those who administer the system on behalf of your school or organization.
Administrators can view your information, like name, gift basket or greeting card orders, and ship-to contacts.
Event Calendar
Administrators.
Administrators are those who administer the calendar on behalf of your school or organization.
Administrators can view and enter calendar events.
Public.
Information entered for calendar events is available for public viewing. We therefore strongly advise against the use of any Personal Data in calendar events.
Virtual Paragon uses certain trusted third parties to help us provide, improve and protect our Services. These third parties may have access to our servers, but generally have no reason to access your Personal Data. If there is a need, we require third parties acting as our agent, contractor or service provider to agree to handle your Personal Data in confidence and adhere to their own privacy commitments.
We may share your information as necessary to comply with applicable laws or respond to a lawful legal process from law enforcement and government agencies.
How long we retain your data
Depending on the policy of your school or organization, individual user accounts may be deleted at the start of each new term/session or year, or they may be retained longer and deleted after a certain reasonable period of inactivity. You may request that your school's or organization's Administrator delete your account earlier if it is no longer needed to provide our Services to you.
We also retain some historical data for the purpose of analyzing and displaying trends over time, however this data contains aggregated totals only and is not associated with any individual.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13 years of age. Our Services are all intended for use by those who are at least 13 years old or older.
If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Data without parental consent, please contact Virtual Paragon Support. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Data without parental consent, we will take steps to remove the data and cancel the child's account.
Changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that agreement.
We will notify the school or organization of any such terms and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our site.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please use our support request form.