https://www.schooloftomorrow.com/privacy
Privacy
A.C.E. understands that Internet users are concerned about their privacy. Whether you are a regular customer or a first-time visitor to our Web site, we assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
When you shop our online Store, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. Please understand, however, that we are asking for this information for the limited purposes of establishing your account, authenticating your identity, and processing your orders. We do not provide or sell information about our customers or site visitors to vendors that are not associated with our services or with a delivery of our products. We do not collect any personal information from a visitor to our site unless that visitor explicitly and intentionally provides it. Under no circumstances do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or gender orientation. If you are simply browsing our site, we do not gather any personal information about you.
You may explicitly and intentionally provide us with and consent to our collection of certain information in two ways:
Statistical Information about Your Visit When you visit our site, our computer may automatically collect statistics about your visits. This information does not identify you personally but rather tells us about visits to our site. For example, we may monitor how many people visit our site, users’ IP addresses, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come, and which browsers our visitors use. We use these statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only. This information helps us improve the performance of our Web site. Information from Cookies A "cookie" is a piece of information that our Web site sends to your browser, which then stores this information on your system. If a cookie is used, our Web site will be able to "remember" information about you and your preferences either until you exit your current browser window (if the cookie is temporary) or until you disable or delete the cookie. Many users prefer to use cookies to help them navigate a Web site as seamlessly as possible. You should understand that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer, and they are not able to "invade" your hard drive and return to the sender with personal or other information from your computer. If you choose not to accept a cookie, you will still be able to use our Web site. Our Web site uses cookies in the two ways. First, if you are accessing our services, our Web server may automatically send your browser a temporary cookie that is used to help your browser navigate our site. The only information contained in these temporary cookies is a direction value that lets our software determine which page to show when you hit the back button in your browser window. We may also use cookies when you visit our Web site and request documentation or a response from us. When you are filling out a form, you may be given the option of having our Website deliver a cookie to your local hard drive. This type of cookie is not temporary, although you can always delete or disable it through your browser preferences. You might choose to receive this type of cookie in order to save time in filling our forms and/or revisiting our Web site. We only send this type of cookie to your browser when you have clicked on the box labeled "Please remember my profile information" when submitting information or communicating with us. Even if you choose to receive this type of cookie, you can always set your browser to notify you when you receive any cookie. This setting gives you the chance to accept or reject a cookie each time one is sent. For more information about cookies, go the Microsoft Web site at http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm?RLD.