http://www.thsc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Texas Home School Coalition uses and protects any information that you give THSC when you use this website.
THSC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
You have probably heard that the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has come into effect as of May 25, 2018. For controlling your personal information see below. In the past, you may have given us either written or verbal permission, in which case your information currently resides in our database for our homeschooling and related services, including relation management and marketing. If you would like to continue to receive our newsletters, updates, events and other information about THSC, no action is required.
THSC may change this policy periodically by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you received e-newsletters from us and want to discontinue receiving them, click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom and follow the instructions to unsubscribe.
If you would like to opt out of receiving postal mailings from us or any advertisers, send an email or letter to the address below.
If you would like to have your name and other personal contact information fully deleted from our database or have other requests pertaining to your personal information, please send a request to webassist@thsc.org.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please login and correct that information, write or email us as soon as possible at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to:
THSC
PO Box 6747
Lubbock, TX 79493
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and children’s names and ages
Contact information including email address, postal address and zip code
Information related to your homeschool necessary in the membership application process
Texas Home School Coalition subscribes to Google Analytics, which uses cookies to collect anonymous traffic data.
Some of this information is shared with 3rd parties.
By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
What We Do With the Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think that you may find interesting, using the email address that you have provided
Periodically, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We sell advertising via our enewsletters and eblasts which we will send to the email address that you have provided. Your contact information is never shared with advertisers without your permission.
On rare occasions we rent our mailing list to advertisers and send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting (unless you tell us that you do not wish this to happen). When we do this, we use a third party secure mailing service and your contact information is never shared with advertisers.
To promote communication and networking in the Texas homeschool community, we do at times share mailing lists with other homeschool support organizations whose security policies match ours.
Google Analytics information is analyzed by THSC and by Google to generate summary statistics for purposes such as guiding design considerations, determining successful site segments and areas for improvement.
More info on Google’s Privacy Policy
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Additional Resources
GDPR Personal Information Erasure (GDPR Ch3 Article 17)
Data Protection Act 1998
Opt out of Google Analytics Cookies
Google’s Opt Out Browser Add-on
ShareEmailTweetPinShare
ShareEmailTweetPinShare
Each family's homeschool is unique! It is based on their goals, schedule and choice of curriculum. Your school should fit your family! Get started!
THSC membership offers important benefits for Texas families!Join thousands of THSC member families in support of all of our homeschool journeys. Together, we accomplish great things and always have each other’s backs! Click here for more information.
Empowering families to raise their kids.SitemapContact
Events
Blog
Advertise With Us
Careers and Volunteer
Vision and Mission
Subscribe
Help Support Texas Families!DONATE TODAY© 1998-2020 Texas Home School Coalition. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy.
Go to Top