http://www.mcc.cc.ms.us/about_mcc/policies_and_procedures/privacy_policy/index.html
Home
About MCC
Policies and Procedures
Privacy Policy
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation Directory Links
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Tour MCC Campus
Not sure yet? Visit our campus and imagine yourself as a student here. Tour the campus
with a college recruiter and explore the possibilities.
SCHEDULE TOUR
Privacy Policy
About the Meridian Community College Website
Meridian Community College is committed
to the privacy of all constituents. This policy refers to the gathering and dissemination
practices for all domains owned by the college, including: meridiancc.edu and meridian.cc.ms.us.
INFORMATION COLLECTEDMeridian Community College occasionally collects information from our users at different
points on our web sites. Typical points of collection are forms.
FORMSThere are a number of forms throughout the site including, but not limited to, an
online application for admission, athletic recruiting and information requests.How
Information is Used Information gathered through our site is used only for the purpose
stated.
COOKIESCookies are small pieces of data stored by your web browser that can later be used
to reference database or session records on the web. Meridian Community College commonly
uses cookies to pass session data from one web page to the next, and to interpret
session constructions/destructions. The storage of cookies on your browser is optional,
however many areas of the website may require the use of cookies or your experience
may lack and that area may not function properly. Cookies are private identifiers known
only by your computer, and we follow strict policy to never share them to any external
parties. Cookies are saved in a hashed format for your protection. We do not use cookies
to monitor the activity of specific individuals on our websites.
LOG FILESLike most standard website servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol
(IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer
the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information
for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
How Information is Shared?
AS REQUIRED BY LAWThough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal
information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action
is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal
process served on our web site. WITH THIRD PARTIES Some of our technology partners
have access to personally identifiable information. They do not retain, share or use
this information for any secondary purposes.
CHOICE/OPT OUTExternal users are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving information from
us. Users who no longer wish to receive newsletter(s) and promotional communications
may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending an email with a subject of
unsubscribe to webmaster@meridiancc.edu or by using the opt-out mechanism included
in the footer of messages generated by our broadcast email providers.
LINKSThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Meridian Community
College is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements
of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This
privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
SECURITYThis website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users
submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both
online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive
information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information
is encrypted and is protected with SSL - the best encryption software in the industry.
Most browsers have a visual identifier when on a secure page. While we use SSL encryption
to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect
user information offline. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information
mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Our employees must use a password-protected logon screen to access identifiable information.
Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure
environment. If users have any questions about the security at our website, users
can send an email to: webmaster@meridiancc.edu
CORRECTING/UPDATING/DELETING/DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone,
email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a
way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information.
This can be done by emailing webmaster@meridiancc.edu
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGESIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy
statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances,
if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will
notify users by posting a notice on our website for 30 days.
Find Your Wings
Apply for AdmissionSchedule Campus TourRequest Information
Enroll Now
Register for Spring Classes
Current Students
Oct. 26
New Student
Nov. 9
Online Classes
Classes Begin Every 4 Weeks
Full Term
15 Weeks
Short Term
3, 4, 8 Weeks
©