http://www.totallanguageplus.com/privacy-policy
Total Language Plus
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Wish List
Sign In
Skip to Content
Compare Products
Total Language Plus
Menu
Home
Shop
How It Works
Sample Pages
Focus Guides
Grade Level Groupings
Instructional Videos
Private Schools
Free Stuff
Our Story
Speaker Bio
Blog
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.totallanguageplus.com and Total Language Plus, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Total Language Plus, Inc. include www.totallangueplus.com and TLP. The TLP website is an commerce site. By using the TLP website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
TLP may collect personally identifiable information such as your:
Name
Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
If you purchase TLP’s products, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Use of your Personal Information
TLP collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the products you have requested.
TLP may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from TLP. TLP may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current products or of potential new products and services that may be offered.
TLP does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
TLP may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to TLP, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
TLP may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within TLP in order to determine what TLP products and services are most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within TLP to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
TLP will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal precess served on TLP or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of TLP; and, © act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of TLP, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by TLP. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the TLP website.
Children under Thirteen
TLP does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out and Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from TLP by contacting us here:
Email: customer@totallanguageplus.com
Phone: (360) 754-3660
Changes to this Statement
TLP will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. TLP encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how TLP is protecting your information.
Contact Information
TLP welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that TLP has not adhered to this Statement, please contact TLP at:
Total Language Plus, Inc.
P O Box 12622
Olympia, WA 98508
Email address:
customer@totallanguageplus.com
Telephone
360-754-3660
Effective as of May 10, 2017
From p. 181 of Cathy Duffy’s Curriculum Manual for Jr/Sr High:
“I am particularly impressed with the quality of the writing activities. They teach and stress organization and planning, while offering students ideas about the main points they might wish to include…Total Language Plus’s writing assignments should provide a significant part of your composition instruction.”
From Konos Helps by Kathy von Duyke:
“I was thrilled when my daughter got 100% on her first spelling test. She has never done that in spite of years of Spaulding…The children enjoy these worksheets. I love the approach to vocabulary…”
From a review in Mary Pride’s magazine, Practical Homeschooling:
“These are not boring lessons! Thought-provoking questions and puzzles make learning fun…An excellent introduction to the study of literature.”
Remarks from teachers and students using Total Language Plus in their classroom:
“I am a fifth grade elementary school teacher at Fremont Christian School in California. My class just completed Caddie Woodlawn and we had such a fruitful time. I wanted to give you some positive feedback from a very satisfied teacher. My students were with me throughout the whole book and looked forward to our literature unit time every day. . .I especially enjoyed the personal thinking questions which got them thinking of personal connections to the topics of the chapter before we read it. Those questions were very well thought out and it was an excellent mental stretch for them.”
“Our students enjoy this literature-language program. . .it is a great language program.”
S. W., Cross Roads Community School
“We use TLP for reading, spelling, and vocabulary. It does a great job of meeting these needs. I’m starting to see the kids think more about what they are reading. . .I like how the reading, spelling, and vocabulary are integrated. . .I really like your program. I like all the enrichment ideas and the reading worksheets have helped some students with their comprehension skills a lot.”
C. H., Creswell Christian School
I like the curriculum we used in class because it helped me to learn about things I don’t know and it helped me to be better in comprehension. I like the vocabulary the best because it helps me to learn hard words.”
M. Y., 10 years old
I have seen my students more interested in their spelling and vocabulary words because they have purpose.
J. S., Gig Harbor Christian Preparatory Academy
My students find the novels much more enjoyable and exciting with this approach than with workbooks and text pages.
S. D., Willamette Christian
Sign Up For Our Monthly Emails!
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Info
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
My Account
Login/Register
My Account
My Orders
My Wishlist
Company
Our Program
Our Story
Blog
Contact
Connect
Facebook
Google+
Pinterest
YouTube
© 2017 Total Language Plus | Website by Intuitive Digital