https://www.naeyc.org/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
You are hereHome / Cookie Policy
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files, called "cookies", on your device. Most big websites do this, too. By choosing to continue to use this site without changing your cookie setting, we will assume that you consent to receiving cookies on your device.
What are cookies?
A "cookie" is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. Cookies can expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) or they can be stored for longer.
How do we use cookies?
As set forth in our privacy policy, we may use cookies when you use our Services or interact with our emails and online or mobile advertisements.  For example, we may automatically collect certain non-personal information from you such as your mobile device identifier or MAC address, browser type, operating system, device model, software version, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile or ISP carrier information, and the domain name from which you accessed the Services.  We also may collect information about your use of the Services including the date and time you access the Services, the areas or pages of the Services that you visit, the amount of time you spend using the Services, the number of times you return, whether you open forward or click-through emails and ads, and other usage data. We will not use cookies for purposes not set forth in this policy.
You control your cookies through your browser.
You can delete the stored cookies from your computer by changing your browser settings.
We use different types of cookies on our website:
Session cookies – allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping basket as they browse around a site. They could also be used for security when a user is accessing internet banking or to facilitate use of webmail. These session cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored longer term. For this reason session cookies may sometimes be considered less privacy intrusive than persistent cookies.
Persistent cookies – are stored on a users’ device in between browser sessions which allows the preferences or actions of the user across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for a variety of purposes including remembering users’ preferences and choices when using a site or to target advertising.
First and third party cookies – Whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the website or domain placing the cookie. First party cookies in basic terms are cookies set by a website visited by the user - the website displayed in the URL window. Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than the one being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and a separate company sets a cookie through that website this would be a third party cookie.
How can I control my cookies?
You can use your web browser to:
delete all cookies;
block all cookies;
allow all cookies;
block third-party cookies;
clear all cookies when you close the browser;
open a 'private browsing' / 'incognito' session, which allows you to browse the internet without storing local data; and
install add-ons and plug-ins to extend browser functionality.
If you choose to block or delete cookies, some functionality of our site may be affected, including relating to your login capabilities or credentials.
You can find information about how to control cookies as follows:
Internet Explorer cookies information
Chrome cookies information
Firefox cookies information
Safari cookies information
Opera cookies information
Useful information
A number of websites provide detailed information on cookies, including AboutCookies.org and AllAboutCookies.org.
The Internet Advertising Bureau website Your Online Choices allows you to install opt-out cookies across different advertising networks.
Google has developed a browser add-on to allow users to opt-out of Google Analytics across all websites which use this popular analytics product.
New technologies such as Mozilla's Do Not Track allow you to tell websites not to track you.
Internet Explorer has a feature called Tracking Protection Lists which allows you to import a list of websites you want to block.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn