http://www.law.cam.ac.uk/terms-use-privacy-and-cookies-1
skip to content
Study at Cambridge
About the University
Research at Cambridge
Search site
Home
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Courses
Applying
Events and open days
Fees and finance
Student blogs and videos
Postgraduate
Why Cambridge
Course directory
How to apply
Fees
Funding
Frequently asked
questions
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the
University and Colleges work
History
Visiting the University
Term dates and calendars
Map
For media
Video and audio
Find an expert
Publications
International Cambridge
News
Events
Public engagement
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
For staff
For current students
For alumni
For business
Colleges & departments
Libraries & facilities
Museums & collections
Email & phone search
Research Centres
Institute of Criminology
Computer Office
Squire Law Library
Moodle
Log in
Faculty of Law
Home
AboutAbout overview
History of the Faculty
SocietiesSocieties overview
Graduate Law Society (CUGLS)
CPPCPP overview
News
Events
Executive Committee
Projects
Events at the Faculty
Public media collections
Cambridge LawLink newsletterCambridge LawLink newsletter overview
LawLink October 2020
LawLink July 2020
LawLink May 2020
LawLink January 2020
LawLink October 2019
LawLink July 2019
LawLink April 2019
LawLink January 2019
LawLink October 2018
LawLink July 2018
LawLink April 2018
LawLink January 2018
LawLink October 2017
LawLink July 2017
LawLink April 2017
LawLink January 2017
LawLink October 2016
LawLink July 2016
LawLink April 2016
LawLink January 2016
LawLink October 2015
LawLink August 2015
LawLink April 2015
LawLink January 2015
LawLink October 2014
LawLink July 2014
LawLink April 2014
Equality, diversity & inclusivityEquality, diversity & inclusivity overview
Athena SWAN
Equal opportunities
Dignity at work
How to find Us
Contact
CoursesCourses overview
PeoplePeople overview
University and College Teaching Officers in Law
Faculty Officers
University Teaching Officers in the Institute of Criminology
University Teaching Officers in the Department of Land Economy
Affiliated Lecturers
Retired and honorary members
Research Staff
Research Students
Development and Communications
Administrative Staff
Computing Staff
Squire Library Staff
Directors of Studies and College Teaching Affiliates
College Research Fellows in Law
ResearchResearch overview
Current research grants
Faculty Centres, Networks and GroupsFaculty Centres, Networks and Groups overview
Network of Empirical Labour Law Scholars (NELLS)
Cambridge Socio-Legal Group
Financial support for research
International Research Groups and Networks
Our PhD students
Prizes and distinctions for research
Publications
Research ethics
Research highlights
Research with impact
SSRN Legal Studies Research Paper Series
The Eminent Scholars Archive
International linksInternational links overview
Faculty Academic Visitors
Erasmus+ exchange schemes
Access & outreachAccess & outreach overview
Why study law?
How do I become a lawyer?
Outreach initiatives
Student recruitment events
#getincambridge
Life at Cambridge/Applying
Finding out more: Helpful links
Alumni & developmentAlumni & development overview
Cambridge Women in Law (CWIL)Cambridge Women in Law (CWIL) overview
CWIL mailing list
Alumni events
Our benefactors
Squire Law Library appeal
Planned giving and bequests
COVID 19COVID 19 overview
2020–21 Academic year2020–21 Academic year overview
In-person and online teaching
Interactive teaching principles
2020–21 Assessment2020–21 Assessment overview
Law Examinations 2020/21 Tripos
Law Examinations 2020/21 LLM
Law Examinations 2020/21 MCLLaw Examinations 2020/21 MCL overview
Examination Michaelmas 2020 links
Use of the David Williams Building
Law Tripos 2020–21: First-year students
Law Tripos 2020–21: Part IB and Part II students (including Senior Status and Changeover Students)
LLM 2020–21LLM 2020–21 overview
FAQ for LLM Offer-holders 2020
MCL 2020–21
PhD 2020–21
2019-20 Academic year2019-20 Academic year overview
Law Tripos Parts IA and IB
Law Tripos Part II
Examination in Law for European Students
LLM
MCL
Law Examinations Easter Term/September 2020Law Examinations Easter Term/September 2020 overview
Examination 2020 links
Terms of Use, Privacy and Cookies
Faculty of LawFaculty of LawAbout
Courses
People
Research
International links
Access & outreach
Alumni & development
COVID 19
Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of the Faculty of Law, University of Cambridge (the "Faculty"). The Faculty operates this website and those connected to it (the "Sites") to provide online access to information about the activities of the Faculty and its connected organisations. These sites include the Squire Law Library, and all research centers and other subsidiary sites hosted at the Faculty.
By using the Sites, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use this website. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time.
1. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
The information contained in the Sites is for general information purposes only. While we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, the information on the Sites is provided “as is.” We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Sites or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the Sites for any purpose. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implies, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Every effort is made to ensure the Sites remain available. However, the Faculty takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, any of the Sites being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control, or for maintenance or other technical reasons. We do not warrant that the function of the Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Sites or the servers that make the Sites available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary loss or damage, or
(i) any loss or damage whatsoever arising from the use of or inability to use the Sites;
(ii) any transaction conducted through or facilitated by the Sites;
(iii) any claim arising from errors, omissions, or inaccuracies appearing on the Sites;
(iv) unauthorised access to or alteration of data or transmissions; or
(v) any loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Sites.
If you are dissatisfied with the Sites, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Sites.
2. Use of Site
You may use the Sites and the information, writings, images and/or other works that you see, hear, or otherwise experience on the Sites (the “Content”) solely for your non-commercial, personal purposes. No right, title, or interest in any Content is transferred to you, whether as a result of downloading such Content or otherwise. Except as expressly authorized by the Terms of Use, you may not use, modify, copy, distribute, transmit or derive another work from any Content obtained from these Sites.
3. Limitations on Use
You agree to use the Sites only for lawful purposes. You may not take any action that might compromise the security of the Sites, render the Sites inaccessible to other users or otherwise damage the Sites or the Content. You may not use the Sites in any manner that may interfere with the rights of third parties.
4. Copyright and Trademarks
4.1 Copyright
This Sites and their Content are protected by the copyright laws of England and Wales and/or foreign copyright laws. All rights, title, and interest to the Content contained in the Sites belong to the Faculty or its partners, affiliates or contributors who have authorised the use of their work on the Sites.
4.2 Prohibited Uses
You may not, except by our express written permission or as provided elsewhere in the Sites, copy, alter, distribute or commercially exploit the Content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
4.3 Trademarks
You may not use any of the marks or logos appearing throughout these Sites without express written permission from the trademark owner, except as permitted pursuant to applicable law.
5. Links to Third-Party Web Sites
From time to time these Sites may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s) or that we are in any way affiliated with the website(s). We are not liable or responsible for any such linked website(s) or their content. If you use the links, you will leave the Sites and will be subject to the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to the linked website(s), which may differ from those applicable to these Sites. We are not liable or responsible for any loss or damage resulting from failure to consult the privacy policies of such linked website(s) or for reliance on these Terms of Use with respect to such linked website(s).
6. Linking to this Site
You are free to create a link to the home page or any other parts or pages of these Sites from another website or document. However, you may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of these Sites on any other website or webpage without express written consent.
7. User-Supplied Information
The Faculty does not receive any confidential or proprietary information from you via the Sites. You hereby warrant and guarantee that any material, information, or data you transmit to us via or in connection with the Sites is to be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You also warrant and guarantee that you have the legal right to transmit, post, or supply any information you transmit, post, or supply to the Sites and that doing so will not violate applicable law or the rights of any individual or entity.
8. General Provisions
8.1 Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter herein.
8.2 Severability
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
8.3 Applicable Law
Your use of these Sites and any dispute arising out of such use is subject to, governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws England and Wales, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions.
Contact us
The Faculty of Law
The David Williams Building
10 West Road
Cambridge CB3 9DZ
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1223 330033
Email: enquiries@law.cam.ac.uk
Terms and Conditions
Accesskeys
Funding
Terms of Use, Privacy and CookiesPrivacy
Cookies
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Flickr
Email
Quick links
News
Events
Jobs
Site map
Contact
© 2020 University of Cambridge
University A-Z
Contact the University
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Terms and conditions
Study at Cambridge
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
International
students
Continuing education
Executive and professional education
Courses in education
About the University
How the University
and Colleges work
Visiting the University
Map
News
Events
Jobs
Giving to Cambridge
Research at Cambridge
News
Features
Discussion
Spotlight on...
About research at Cambridge