http://www.cal.org/privacy-policy
Who We Are
Mission & Values
Board of Trustees
Staff & Associates
Career Opportunities
Our History
CAL60
Our Founder
Annual Reports
What We Do
Projects
Research
Services
Institutes
Online Courses
Areas of Impact
English Learners
World Languages
Testing & Assessment
Immigrant & Refugee Integration
Language & Culture in Society
Language Planning & Policy
Resource Center
Free Online Resources
Briefs
CAL Commentary
Databases & Directories
Links
Publications & Products
Resource Archive
Permissions
News
Calendar of Events
In the News
CAL News
Press
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the CAL website and reviewing our privacy policy. CAL is committed to protecting the privacy and security of our online visitors. The privacy policy statement provides our website visitors with an overview of the measures we have taken to provide a safe online environment. The term website in this policy applies to all websites and web pages hosted on the cal.org domain.Information collection
Non-Personally Identifiable InformationWhen you browse, read pages, or download information on our website, we automatically gather and store certain technical information about your visit. This information never identifies who you are and is only used to help us make the website more useful to you. With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. This information is maintained in aggregate form and we never track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Personally Identifiable InformationCAL values your privacy. We only collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, for example, to fulfill your order through our online store or to add you to a mailing list. Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Our online store inevitably records some personal data, including names, addresses and credit card details. For your safety and protection, transaction information provided online (such as your credit card information) is not stored on our servers. Our payment gateway provider keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf. CAL does not share personal information with third parties for marketing purposes, and will not disclose personal information unless required for law enforcement or otherwise required by law. The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order in addition to periodic news and updates from CAL. CAL adheres to the requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, which also provides a guide to best practices for organizations communicating via email. You may easily opt out of receiving information from CAL by responding to emails as instructed or by emailing us.
SecurityCAL safeguards the integrity of its computer systems and networks and security methods and measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire CAL web domain. For site security purposes and to help us improve our website, we use software that can monitor network traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to cause damage or upload or change information. To help guard your privacy, our website uses data encryption - the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol - to protect sensitive web pages. If a web page has an address that begins with "https://” (rather than "http://”) then it uses encryption.
Linking to and from the CAL WebsiteFrom time to time, the website may provide links to other websites not owned or hosted by CAL that we think might be useful or of interest to you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by other website owners and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of those websites for more information. Links to websites do not constitute or imply endorsement by CAL of these websites, any products or services described on these sites, or of any other material contained in them. CAL does not make any representations about third party websites that may link to our website.
Changes to the Privacy StatementCAL may update the privacy policy from time to time. The version date at the bottom of this policy will also be updated to indicate that a revision has occurred. We encourage you to periodically check this policy to see if there have been any changes that may affect you.
Privacy Contact InformationPlease contact us if you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy. We hope you enjoy exploring our websites.
Email CAL
Call: 202-362-0700
Write to us at:
Center for Applied Linguistics
4646 40th Street NWWashington, DC 20016
Browse Our Online Store
Shop securely online