http://www.nzma.co.nz/terms-and-conditions
Toggle navigation
Login
Call us 0800 222 833
Courses
Hospitality
Cookery
Business
Contact Centre
Trades
Early Childhood
Health
Sport and Foundation
Pharmacy
Floristry
Free Youth Courses
Police
Trades
Construction
Electrical Engineering
Plumbing and Gasfitting
Painting and Plastering
Why NZMA
About Us
Success Stories
Careers - How We Help
Brochure Download
Information For Students
Information For Parents
Latest News
Careers - How We Help
About Our Careers Service
Jobseekers
Employers
Enrol now
NZ Students
International Students
International
Overview
Study at NZMA
Why Choose Us
Living and Studying in New Zealand
Enrol With NZMA
Study at NZMA
Courses
Entry Requirements
Fee Protection
Living and Studying in New Zealand
Immigration and Visas
Accommodation
Insurance
Cost of Living
Our campuses
Auckland Central (Symonds St)
Otahuhu (South Auckland)
Manukau (South Auckland)
Sylvia Park (Mt Wellington)
Trades (Mt Wellington)
Trades (West Auckland)
Christchurch
Rotorua
Waikato (Central Hamilton)
Wellington (Porirua)
Wellington Central
Contact
Ask Us a Question
Get In Touch
Employers
Home »
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
New Zealand Management Academies (NZMA) provides the information and services on this site conditional on your acceptance without modification of these terms and conditions, and the notices set forth below. By using this site you agree to such terms, conditions and notices. If you are not willing to be bound by this agreement you may not access or use this site.  NZMA may modify this agreement at any time and such modifications shall be effective upon being posted. You are responsible for ensuring that you are familiar with the latest terms and conditions of this site and your continued use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement.
1.    Copyright.
The contents of this site are copyrighted. NZMA holds the copyright in the collective work. The collective work includes works that are licensed to NZMA. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download portions of the material from the different areas of this site solely for your own non-commercial use. Any redistribution, retransmission, or publication of any material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner. You further agree not to modify or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from this site.
2.    Trademarks.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other proprietary designations of NZMA or related companies used herein are trademarks of NZMA or such related companies. Any other trademarks, service marks, and trade names are the trademarks, or registered trademarks, of their respective parties.
3.    Links. This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that NZMA is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the legal statements of each and every web site. The inclusion of any link does not in any way imply or express endorsement by NZMA of the site and/or any content therein. Any dealings you have with a third party are solely between you and that third party. To the extent that NZMA assists you in your dealings with a third party (including receiving bookings and/or payment), NZMA is acting only as an agent for the relevant third party.
4.    License. You agree to grant to NZMA a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license, with the right to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products or services) you submit to public areas of the site (such as forums, blogs and chat rooms) by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. You agree that you shall have no recourse against NZMA for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communication to us.
5.    Use of Site. You will provide complete and accurate information when registering to use the site. You will maintain your personal information as supplied to us to keep it true, accurate and complete at all times. NZMA reserves the right to contact you from time to time to verify your details.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws when using the site. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree: (a) not to permit any other person to use your log-on I.D. and password; and (b) not to disclose, or provide to any other person, your password.
You will not attempt to damage or harm this site. You will not use this site for commercial purposes unless authorised by us. Without limiting any other remedies available to us, NZMA reserves the right at any time to suspend or reject you, your profile and any content you submit from this site at our sole discretion, and if we do remove your profile or any content you submit we will not be liable to you in any way. Harassment or impersonation of others in any manner or form on this site, including via e-mail, forum, and blog is strictly forbidden.  You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content which is threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability, or violate any law.
6.    Disclaimer. You understand and agree that:
(a) Your use of this site and the services is at your sole risk. NZMA expressly disclaims, to the maximum extent permitted by law, all warranties, express or implied.
(b) NZMA makes no warranty, to the maximum extent permitted by law, that:
(i) the services provided will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free;
(ii) the information provided on this site is error-free or will be corrected;
(iii) this site or the server that hosts the site are free of viruses or other harmful components; or
(iv) site members are who they say they are.
7.    Privacy. NZMA collects personal information about you through your use of this site, including:
(a) your registration details; (b) emails and correspondence; and (c) information relating to your use of this site and the content you access.  You agree that NZMA may use this personal information to assist to provide services to you, for internal research purposes, to verify your identity, promoting and marketing other NZMA products and services to you and for any other use that you authorise. We will not sell or allow third parties to access your personal information without your consent, however, you agree that NZMA may disclose your personal information, including your name and contact details, to the relevant authorities if we consider that you are in breach of the law or these terms and conditions at any time. You may unsubscribe from NZMA’s email communications at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link. If at any time you are unsure of how to access or correct your information, please contact us.
A cookie is a small text file which NZMA may put on your computer's hard disk in order to recognise your computer at a later time. A cookie cannot read your hard drive or perform any commands on your computer and does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. You may configure your web browser to not accept cookies, however you may experience a loss of functionality as a result.
8.    Limitation of Liability. You expressly understand and agree that:
(a) NZMA shall not be liable under any circumstances for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary loss or damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profit, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses that result from this site, or the inability to access this site.
(b) Without limiting the foregoing, NZMA shall not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions, errors or loss of any data and NZMA shall not be liable for the conduct or statements of members or third parties in relation to this site.
9.    Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NZMA, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and Licensors from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing this site using your Internet account.
10.    Term; Termination.
This agreement shall commence upon your accessing this site. This agreement may be terminated by NZMA without notice at any time for any reason and may be terminated by you upon notice to NZMA at any time for any reason. The provisions of Sections 1 (Copyright), 2 (Trademarks), 6 (Disclaimer), 8 (Limitation of Liability), 9 (Indemnity) and 11 (General) shall survive any termination of this agreement.
11.    General. These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of New Zealand. You submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New Zealand. These terms and conditions, supersede all previous conditions, understandings, commitments, agreements and representations whatsoever whether oral or written and constitute the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions. NZMA may assign its rights and obligations under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. If NZMA does not exercise or enforce any right available to us under these terms and conditions it does not constitute a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these terms and conditions becomes or is held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason and in any respect, that provision shall be severed from the remaining terms and conditions, which shall continue in full force and effect.
Latest News and Events from the Campus
NZMA Manukau Celebrates over 100 Early Childhood Education Home-based Graduates
Read full story
Read Full story
NZMA Floristy Students Show Off Their Skills at the Porirua City Hub
Read full story
Read Full story
Cambodian Minister for Tourism visits NZMA, Hamilton
Read full story
Read Full story
Watch our Brand New Ad
Read full story
Read Full story
Courses
Hospitality
Cookery
Business
Contact Centre
Construction
Electrical Engineering
Plumbing and Gasfitting
Maori and Pasifika Trades Training
Painting and Plastering
Early Childhood
Health
Sport and Foundation
Free Youth courses
Pharmacy
Floristry
Police
Campuses
Campus - Otahuhu Campus (South Auckland)
Campus - Auckland Sylvia Park Campus
Campus - Auckland Trades Campus
Campus - Christchurch Campus
Campus - Rotorua Campus
Campus - Waikato Campus
Campus - Wellington Porirua Campus
Campus - Auckland Symonds street
Campus - Wellington Central Campus
Campus - Auckland Manukau Campus
NZMA Campuses - West Auckland Trades Campus | NZMA
Contact
Attendance
0800 116 611
Enrolment
0800 222 833
Follow us
International students
Browse our International pages
Chinese
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Thai
Turkish
Vietnamese
© 2017 NZMA - All rights reserved
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Sitemap