http://www.saintmarys.edu/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
"They knew what I was capable of before I knew it myself."
- Arianna Iannuzzi
Student Profile >
"They knew what I was capable of before I knew it myself."
- Arianna Iannuzzi
Student Profile >
Saint Mary's Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliance
General
Saint Mary’s College respects your privacy and believes the best way to serve you on the Internet is with honesty, accountability and adherence to legal standards. We are sensitive to the issue of privacy and have structured our online activities to maximize your control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information. By using our website (the “Site”), you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Site, and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, we urge you to frequently review this Privacy Policy, and, if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please exit the Site immediately.
What Information is Collected
www.saintmarys.edu may collect two types of information about you: personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) and aggregate information that is anonymous (such as your IP address-a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet-or the type of browser you are using).
Personally Identifiable Information: You may be required to register or otherwise voluntarily provide personal information to have access to some features of the Site. You always may choose not to provide the personal information, but this may lead to decreased functionality of the Site for you and our inability to provide you with certain products or services. We also may request you to voluntarily provide personal information that is not required to access features of our site. This information enables www.saintmarys.edu to make general improvements to the Site and better serve your specific interests. Aggregate Information: www.saintmarys.edu may transparently collect aggregate information through the use of cookies or by other means. We use this information to assess general usage patterns, administer and make improvements to the Site and collect demographic information useful in some way to www.saintmarys.edu and our business partners. We hope that by using Aggregate Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users.
What We Will and Will Not Do with the Information You Provide
www.saintmarys.edu uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with users and provide them with a better interactive experience. We may use your information specifically for the following purposes: to provide easy access every time you return to the site without requiring re-entry of registration information; to keep you informed about products and services in which you may have interest; to complete business transactions; to contact you as part of a promotion; to allow you to make a posting on the Site; to administer individual accounts; to provide customer support; to meet legal requirements; to provide Internet security; and/or to analyze the collected information. Also, in the event that we are involved in a sale of a substantial portion of our business assets, customer information may be among the transferred assets.
www.saintmarys.edu works closely with our affiliates, business partners and certain other third parties who may perform functions on our behalf, such as providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. They have access to your personal information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Further, these business partners and other third parties may from time to time wish to extend special offers to you on their own behalf. We may use your personal information to assist our business partners in offering you these products, services and information and may act as an intermediary (for instance, sending you e-mail on their behalf).
Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above or in connection with the registration process. If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us.
Cookies
When you visit the Site, we may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file that can help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site’s best features.
www.saintmarys.edu also leverages Google’s Ad Words program using a remarketing program to advertise to you on other websites that feature the Google Ad Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show these ads across other sites on the Internet based upon your past visits to www.saintmarys.edu. If you prefer not to be included in this program, you may opt out at https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Linking to Our Business Affiliates’ and Third Party Web Sites
The Site contains links to sites operated by our affiliates, business partners and other third parties. Once you leave the Site, you may or may not see a new URL in the location bar. Please review the linked site’s privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policies governing that site, terminate your visit to that site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the sites operated by our business partners or other third parties.If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at our Web site or wish to access or modify your personal information collected at the Site, email us at: info@saintmarys.edu.
Please make any communications as complete and descriptive as possible, and we will attempt to respond promptly to your concerns.
Saint Mary's College Notre Dame, IN 46556
(574) 284-4000
A-Z
Academic Programs
Apply
Consumer Information
Contact Us
Cushwa-Leighton Library
Give to Saint Mary's
Human Resources
My Saint Mary's - Portal
Privacy Policy
Shaheen Bookstore
Visit Campus
© 2020 Saint Mary's College. All Rights Reserved.
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
flickr