https://www.tangmere-museum.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
You are in:
Home
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not use our website.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.
Licence to use website
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website, provided that:
(a) you must not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system;
(b) you must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our express written consent;
(c) you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on the website.
Limitations of liability
The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise – including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of our website is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion.
If we provide you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of our website or other content or services, you must ensure that that user ID and password is kept confidential.
You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your user ID or password. We may disable your user ID and password at our sole discretion.
Variation
We may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
OPENING
The museum is open every day between February 1st and November 30th.
March to October:
10.00am to 5.00pm
February and November:
10.00am to 4.30pm
(Last admissions are one hour before closing each day)
VISIT US
TANGMERE Nr Chichester,
West Sussex PO20 2ES
01243 790 090
info@tangmere-museum.org.uk
+
Directions to the
museum?
DONATING ARTEFACTS
Are you thinking of donating an artefact to the Museum?
Get Involved
Would you like to join us in maintaining the history of Tangmere?
TANGMERE NEWSFLASH
Would you like to keep in touch with the latest news from the Museum?
DOWNLOADS
Documents to download.
USEFUL LINKS
Accommodation and attractions in the local area. List of associated websites of interest.
TANGMERE LOGBOOK
The Museum magazine is now available online.
LATEST NEWS
“Running For The Few” Visits Tangmere
On Thursday 8 October Museum staff and visitors welcomed 5 runners undertaking a five day…
Museum Winter Closedown Announced
For operational reasons, the Museum’s trustees have decided that the Museum will close to the…
More News
BOOKSHOP
The Tangmere Logbook
Back numbers (excluding the current edition) of Tangmere’s biannual magazine The Tangmere Logbook are now…
Tangmere’s Own
TANGMERE’S OWN Pilots Who Served King And Country From A Sussex Airfield, 1918-1958 By David…
Read all
LATEST ARTICLES
Harriers in the 1969 Air Race
In February 1969 Brian Harpur, a director of Harmsworth Publications, owners of the Daily Mail…
‘Big X’ – The Tangmere Connection
On the night of 24/25 March 1944, a mass escape took place from a prisoner-of-war…
Read all
Flight Simulators
All our Flight Simulators are closed until further notice
The Tangmere Museum has 3 computer-controlled Flight Simulators for visitors to ‘fly’.
More
Information
Talks by Tangmere
The Museum is able to offer speakers to interested groups or societies on a range of subjects connected with the history of operations at RAF Tangmere and other military aviation subjects.
Further details of the full range of presentations and the availability of speakers can be obtained by calling the museum on 01243 790090, by emailing your interest to director@tangmere-museum.org.uk or by letter marked for the attention of the Director.
Museum Development
The Museum car park has been enlarged and re-laid and audio guides provided with the assistance of LEADER – the European Agricultural Fund for Redevelopment.
Virtual Cockpit tours
Click the photo
to enter the Canberra cockpit
Click the photo
to enter the Lightning cockpit
What to See
×
The Museum Grounds
Meryl Hansed Memorial Hall
Merston Hall
Battle of Britain Hall
Middle Hall
Tangmere Hall
go
to What to see page
Flight Simulators
×
Combat Simulator
Lightning Simulator
Red Flight Simulators
go
to Flight Simulators
page
Features
×
AIRCRAFT OF THE MONTH ARCHIVE
ARTEFACT OF THE MONTH ARCHIVE
EVENTS GALLERY
Facilities
×
The Shop
The NAAFI Tea Room
Neville Duke Hall
The Library
×
Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.I acceptPrivacy