http://www.clovis.edu/about/policies/index.aspx
Toggle navigationClovis Community College
Home
Let's Chat
Help Desk
Advising
Admissions/Registrar
Financial Aid
Testing Center
TRIO
Login to...
Canvas: Online Classroom
Pathway: Campus Portal
Student Email
Employee Email (Exchange)
Employee Email (O365)
Search
Go!
About
Academic Calendar
Schedules and Course Catalogs New
Administration and Board of Trustees
Alumni Association
College Info
Consumer Information (Student Right-to-Know)
Cost of Attendance
Directions and Campus Maps
Faculty Development
Faculty Directory
Institutional Advancement
Institutional Research
Human Resources
Policies
Public Records
Safety and Security
Staff Directory
Title V Grants
Students
Student Resources New!
Academic Advising
Admissions and Records
Bookstore
Campus Student Life
Campus Tours
Career and Development Center
Center for Student Success
Financial Aid
High School Dual Credit
Clovis Early College High School
Library
Register for Classes
Student Employment
Testing Center
TRIO Student Support Services
Tuition and Fees
Tutoring and Writing Centers
English as a Second Language (ESL) Classes
High School Equivalency Classes
Upward Bound
Community
Adult Education
Business & Industry Training
Career and Development Center
CCC Foundation
Continuing Education
Cosmetology Salon
Cultural Arts Series
Extended and Distance Learning
Health and Fitness Center
Kids College
Museums
Small Business Development Center
Programs of Study
All Programs: A-Z
Online Degree and Certificate Programs
Course Number ConversionImportant
Automotive Technology
Behavioral Science
Business Administration
Computer Information Systems
Cosmetology and Esthetics
Criminal Justice
Early Childhood Education
Emergency Medical Services
Fine Arts
General Studies
Graphic and Media Art
Health and Physical Education
Health Care Assistant
Industrial Technology
Liberal Arts
Nursing
Paralegal (Legal Assistant)
Phlebotomy
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
Welding
Gainful Employment Disclosures
News
Calendars
Academic Calendar
Financial Aid Calendar
Emergency Alerts
Coronavirus Update
College policies affecting students are available here, as well as inside the Catalog
and Student Handbooks. Handbooks are made available on campus at the beginning of
the Fall term.
General Policies for Students:
Cellular Phone Policy
Students who carry cellular telephones or similar electronic devices should be aware
that their use could be disruptive to others around them. Cellular telephones or any
similar electronic devices are to be turned off in classrooms, laboratories, the Computer
Resource Center in the Center for Student Success, the Library, the Student Services
Center, the Testing Center, and other designated areas on campus. Any student who
has an urgent need to be reached by cellular phone while in class or in one of the
designated areas should request permission from the instructor or person in charge
of the area to leave the cellular phone on. Anyone receiving a call in one of these
areas should exit the room before starting a conversation.
Children in Classrooms
Children are not allowed to attend classes and should not accompany adults while classes
are in session. Children should not be left unattended on campus.
Drink Containers in Classrooms
Individual instructors have the option of allowing drinks in the classroom. Drinks
brought into a classroom must be in a container with a tight-fitting lid such as the
plastic mugs sold in the CCC Bookstore or at area convenience stores. Food consumption
is prohibited in classrooms. Food and drinks are not permitted in the ITV classrooms
or computerized classrooms.
Drug-Free Policy
Clovis Community College is a drug-free campus. Drug and alcohol abuse on campus poses
a serious threat to the health and welfare of faculty, staff, and students; impairs
work and academic performance; jeopardizes the safety and well-being of other students
and members of the general public; and conflicts with the responsibility of Clovis
Community College to foster a healthy atmosphere for the pursuit of education and
service. The unlawful manufacture, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use
of a controlled substance is prohibited on the premises of Clovis Community College,
including but not limited to its campus grounds, facilities, vehicles, or any activity
held on the College premises. As a condition of enrollment, all students of Clovis
Community College shall abide by the terms of the Drug-Free Campus Policy.
Clovis Community College has established an ongoing drug-free awareness program to
inform employees and students about the dangers of drug abuse in the workplace; the
Institution’s policy of maintaining a drug-free workplace; any available drug counseling;
and the penalties that may be imposed upon employees and students for drug abuse violations
occurring in the workplace. Clovis Community College offers counseling referral services
to those requesting it.
Legal sanctions will be in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal laws.
Students and employees engaged in unlawful possession, distribution, or use of controlled
substances may also be subject to expulsion or termination of employment and referral
for prosecution.
Equal Educational Opportunity
Clovis Community College is committed to equitable treatment of all persons without
regard to race, age, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation,
spousal affiliation, gender identity, veteran status, physical or mental disability,
or serious medical condition. Assistance with these concerns is available through
the office of the Executive Vice President or the Human Resource Services Office.
Tobacco-Free Policy
The Clovis Community College Board of Trustees recognizes that all use of tobacco,
including cigars, cigarettes, pipes, electronic cigarettes, and smokeless tobacco
represents a health and safety hazard which can present serious consequences for the
user and those non-users who are exposed to their use in the facilities of Clovis
Community College. Smoking and the use of smokeless tobacco is prohibited by all students,
employees, visitors, and guests in all buildings and vehicles owned or leased by Clovis
Community College and in any other areas around the college designated as non-smoking
or non-tobacco use. Tobacco-free areas include all college courtyards, spaces between
buildings, and campus interior parking lots. Designated smoking areas are the perimeter
parking lots only.
Campus Security
The Clovis Police Department provides security and law enforcement for the College.
Twenty-four hour patrol and dispatch services are provided with access through the
emergency telephone number, 911.
CCC employs campus security officers who may be reached at the Security Office, Room
134, in the Dr. H. A. Miller Student Services Center during business hours or by telephone
at 575.769.4143.
Students and visitors witnessing any crime, suspicious activity, or emergencies on
campus are asked to report their observations to Campus Security. A copy of the Campus
Security Policy is on file in the Library along with the annual report of crime on
campus and is also available online atwww.clovis.edu/security.
The Clovis Community College Security department has an Emergency Response Plan (ERP)
available for viewing to all students.  The ERP is located in the Security Office
and the campus Library during business hours.  However, when feasible the following
procedures should be followed in the event of an emergency on campus.  An emergency
is identified as but not limited to the following:  mobile active threat of violence/active
shooter on campus, fire and bomb threat evacuation, severe weather response, and suspicious
persons and/or activities.
Mobile Active Threat of Violence/Active Shooter on Campus:
Immediately seek shelter.
If in a classroom, turn off lights, lock door, close mini-blinds, silence cell phones,
and remain calm and quiet. Do not attempt to leave the room until escorted out by
uniformed police officers.
If in main campus or open common areas and you can escape in a safe manner, do so.
If not, seek shelter behind big heavy objects; remain calm and quiet.
Do not make cell phone calls, but use texting instead.
Fire and Bomb Threat Evacuation:
Get familiar with nearest evacuation routes.
Follow verbal directions from instructors or campus personnel.
Remain calm and quiet.
Leave personal belongings behind if not feasible to carry out.
Assist persons with disabilities or others that need assistance in evacuation.
Do not use elevators.
Severe Weather Response:
Follow instructions by CCC personnel and seek shelter in a designated safe area.
Do not go outside to see what type of weather is approaching.
Remain calm and quiet.
Do not make cell phone calls, but use texting instead.
Suspicious Persons and/or Activities:
Report suspicious persons and/or activities to Security at 575.769.4143 or 575.760.4105.
For emergency situations, contact the Clovis Police Department at 575.769.1921 or
911.
Service/contract vendors are required to display “vendor” badges while on campus performing
work or servicing the campus to avoid calls on suspicious persons or activities.
For additional information on campus safety and security, please visit www.clovis.edu/security.
Sexual Harassment
Clovis Community College does not tolerate sexual harassment in any form. Offenders
will be disciplined appropriately.
For general policy purposes, sexual harassment may be described as unwelcome sexual
advances, requests for sexual favors, harassment due to sexual preference or orientation,
and other physical and verbal behavior of a sexual nature where:
Submission to sexual conduct is made either an explicit or implicit term or condition
of an individual’s employment or education;
Submission to or rejection of sexual conduct is made by an individual as the basis
for academic or employment decisions affecting that individual; or
When sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other verbal or physical conduct
of a sexual nature have the purpose or effect of unreasonable interference with an
individual’s academic or professional performance or creates an intimidating, hostile,
or demeaning employment or educational environment.
Any student, employee, or job applicant who feels he or she has been sexually harassed
should promptly report such incidents without fear of reprisal. All such reports,
whether written or made orally, will be seriously reviewed. Confidentiality will be
maintained to the extent possible.
The circumstances, the nature, and the context in which the sexual harassment allegedly
occurred will be investigated. The Executive Vice President is responsible for investigating
and resolving complaints of sexual harassment involving students. The Director of
Human Resource Services is responsible for resolving complaints of sexual harassment
involving employees.
Student Email
Students enrolled at Clovis Community College will be assigned an email account as
a formal channel for faculty and staff to communicate important and/or critical information.
Students should check their email on a regular basis. Students are also responsible
for adhering to the Student Email Policy they receive when first logging into their
student email account. For more information, please see Email as an Official Means
of Communication (Page 23).
Student Financial Responsibility
Before registering, students will be required to sign or electronically accept an
agreement of financial responsibility, which confirms students are liable for all
tuition and fee charges on their student account, including collection costs resulting
from delinquent charges being turned over to a collection agency.
In addition, Clovis Community College will provide necessary student information,
such as proof of enrollment and attendance, and itemized charges for tuition and fees,
to a bank or other financial institution when necessary to respond to a payment dispute
initiated by or on behalf of the student.
Student Records
A permanent record of enrollment is created in the Office of Admissions and Records
when a student applies for admissions and enrolls in a course. The Family Education
Rights and Privacy Act requires CCC to provide students with access to their official
education records. The student’s record also contains personal data such as name,
address and social security number. Students must provide the college with written
consent to release academic information to another college, agency, organization,
employer or individual.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Clovis Community College adheres to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
of 1974. In compliance with FERPA, eligible students have the right to review their
academic records and limit disclosure of information from their records. For further
information, refer to our website at www.clovis.edu/notifications or the Clovis Community
College catalog.
Awarding Degrees/Certificates
Completion of credit hours and degree/certificate requirements are monitored by the
Admissions and Academic Advising offices. Clovis Community College reserves the right
to grant degrees and certificates to students when all requirements are met.
Student Right-to-Know and Campus Security Act
The Student Right-to-Know Act requires disclosure of the completion or graduation
rates of certificate and degree-seeking students to all prospective and enrolled students.
This report is compiled by July 1 of each year. Copies of the report can be obtained
on the Internet at www.clovis.edu. The annual report of crime on campus is also available
in the Library and on the Internet at www.clovis.edu/notifications.
Withdrawing from Classes
Students cannot withdraw from any course(s) after the withdrawal deadlines published
in the Academic Calendar at www.clovis.edu/AcademicCalendar. Students who need to
withdraw may do so online via Pathway or at the Admissions and Records Office or at
the Cannon Air Force Base Educational Services Office prior to the deadline. Dual
credit students must contact their high school counselor to withdraw from a course.
Withdrawal from a course can affect financial assistance or Veteran’s benefits. It
is recommended that students consult an Academic Advisor and Financial Aid prior to
withdrawing if they are receiving a Pell Grant.
If a student cannot withdraw online or appear in person, he/she must send signed permission
with the individual who is completing the withdrawal form(s). The written permission
must include the student’s identification number (C Number) and specify the course(s)
from which the student wishes to withdraw. Forms may also be faxed to 575.769.4027.
In cases of extreme emergency, students may request permission from the Admissions
and Records Office to make alternative arrangements prior to the withdrawal deadlines.
Policies
Student Code of Conduct
Discrimination & Grievance Policy
Information Technology Policy
Drug-Free Campus/Workplace Policy
Complaints and Grievances
Student Appeals
SARA Complaint Process
Discrimination and Grievance Policy
CCC News
Latest Business Operations Due to Public Health Order Nov 13, 2020
2020-2021 Cultural Arts Series Nov 13, 2020
Hispanic Heritage Month Celebrate at CCC Sep 14, 2020
Read All News
Instagram
Other Information
Accreditation
Canvas Login
Catalog and Schedules
Directory
Emergency Alerts
Employee Email
Help Desk
Job Opportunities
Library
Non-Discrimination Statement
Pathway
Safety and Security
Student Email
Student Right to Know
Transcripts
CARES Act
©