http://www.homeschoolbuyersco-op.org/privacy-policy/
Join Now
Sign In
Cart (0)
Home
Last Call
Shop
LAST CALL
WHAT'S NEW
SUBJECT
All-In-One & Multi-Subject
Art
Bible
Early Learning
Electives
Foreign Language
Geography
History
Language Arts
Math
Music
Science
Social Studies
Special Needs
Teaching Resources
Technology
Test & Assessment
Thinking & Other Skills
GRADE
PreK
K
1st Grade
2nd Grade
3rd Grade
4th Grade
5th Grade
6th Grade
7th Grade
8th Grade
9th Grade
10th Grade
11th Grade
12th Grade
Adult
CURRICULUM UNDER $40
COMING SOON
FREEBIES
Free Resources
How to Homeschool
How to Start Educating at Home
Coronavirus Home Education Solutions
Free Homeschool ID
Homeschool Blog
Field Trips
Free Homeschool Curriculum
Free Webinars
Homeschool Conferences
Contests & Scholarships
Homeschool Diploma Templates
Learning Styles Overview
Testimonials
Virtua
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
June 8, 2018The Homeschool Buyers Co-op (the "Co-op") will not sell, rent, or otherwise make your personal information available to other people or organizations without your permission, except as may be required by law, and except in conjunction with the sale or transfer of the Co-op and its assets to another business.
In the event that the Co-op or substantially all of its assets are acquired, member information will be transferred.
What Information Is Collected?
The term "personally identifiable information" means any information that may be used to identify you, including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, Internet Protocol address, phone number, billing information, or other contact information. We collect information from you when you join and if you participate in a group purchase that is managed by the Co-op. Below are the specific details on what, where, when, and why this information is collected and how it is used.
Registration
You provide your name and email address when you join the Co-op. We do not share this information with any third parties.
Order Information
If you complete an order form on the Co-op website for products offered by the Co-op or its supplier partners, the Co-op will maintain that order information on secure servers on your behalf in order to fulfill the orders, provide customer service, and maintain a history of your transactions viewable, by you, under the "My Orders" tab in your "My Profile."
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve our website and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize you and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change your browser settings to refuse them. You may change your browser's settings to refuse our cookies. However, if you do so, you may not be able to access certain Co-op services.
Use of Third Parties
We may retain the service of outside third parties to perform services on our behalf (for example, to help provide technical support services or deliver new services). We disclose necessary personally identifiable information about you to our third parties so they may provide these specific services for us. We require our third parties to keep this information confidential and to only use the information on our behalf.
Email Communications
Periodically, we may send email to you if you have indicated a preference to receive news, updates, special offers, and other information relating to our service. You may unsubscribe from these email subscriptions at the profile web page for your account on our website.
Updating Your Information
If you desire to change or modify any of the information that you have previously provided to us, you may do so at the Account web page for your account on our website.
We honor your right to privacy and will comply with all requests to remove your personal data from our systems.
Children
Our service is intended solely for persons 16 years of age and older, or for persons under 16 years of age with parental permission and supervision. If you are under the age of 16, you may not access or use our service except with the permission and supervision of your parents or legal guardian. By using our service you represent and warrant to us that you are 16 years of age or older, or have the permission and supervision of your parents or legal guardian.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Our service may contain links to other websites and software. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites or software. Please visit the privacy policies of these third party sites to understand their privacy and information collection practices.
Disclosures Required by Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe in good faith that an applicable law, regulation, or legal process requires it, or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of another user.
No Error-Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have, including how we can improve our service generally. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it. We will not be liable for any damages, including incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, relating to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
About Us
Affiliate Program
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
3984 WASHINGTON BLVD., SUITE 109
FREMONT, CA 94538
Phone 650.648.0808
© 2005-2020 HOMESCHOOL BUYERS CLUB
(DBA HOMESCHOOL BUYERS CO-OP)