http://www.frick.org/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo
Google Arts and Culture
Pinterest
menu
search2
Parking
directions
x
More
Close
Left arrow
Fullscreen
The Frick Collection is closed.
Please refer to this page for information and updates. »
Calendar
Tickets
Press
Join
Submenu
Home  ›  About
Privacy Policy
The Frick Collection Web Site Privacy Policy
This Web Site, located at the frick.org domain name (the “Web site”) is published and maintained by The Frick Collection (“The Frick Collection,” which includes the Frick Art Reference Library), with offices located at 1 East 70th Street, New York, NY 10021-4907.
By visiting this Web site, and/or using the services offered on or through this Web site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as they may be amended from time to time.  As we update and expand our services, this Privacy Policy may change, so check back to this page from time to time.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, The Frick Collection Web Site Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Web site in general.
Purpose
Your privacy is a serious matter to The Frick Collection.  In order to make your visits to our Web site and use of The Frick Collection’s services as worthwhile as possible, we may ask you for Personal Information (as defined below) and we may collect certain information from your computer each time you visit us.  This privacy statement explains, in general, what Personal Information and other information is collected on our Web site, how the information is used, and with whom we may share such information.  Please take a few minutes to read our Privacy Policy so that you understand how The Frick Collection treats your information.
Right to Opt Out
You have the right to “opt-out” of certain of The Frick Collection’s uses of your Personal Information.  For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Web site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to, receive e-mails from The Frick Collection or to have your Personal Information shared with other entities for marketing purposes.  You may also make this request by sending an e-mail to opt-out@frick.org.  In this e-mail please say whether you would like to opt-out of receiving e-mails from The Frick Collection and/or having your Personal Information shared with other entities for marketing purposes.  You may also opt-out of The Frick Collection e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive.  Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving e-mails from The Frick Collection, we may still contact you by e-mail in connection with your relationship, activities and communications with us.  Also, a request to have us stop sharing your Personal Information with other entities for marketing purposes will only apply as of the date of the request, and The Frick Collection will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your Personal Information prior to such request.  In these cases, please contact that entity directly.
What Information is Collected on this Web site?
User-Provided Information
The Frick Collection does not collect any Personal Information from users of its Web site without the knowledge and consent of such users, for example, through such users’ e-mails to us and/or completion of online forms on our Web site.  Such information is collected, for example, when users submit reference questions to the Frick Art Reference Library and when members of the press request information about The Frick Collection for publication.  Such information may also be collected from users of this Web site for the creation of a mailing list so The Frick Collection can contact users who are interested in hearing from us.  “Personal Information” includes, for example, name, affiliation, home and/or business address, e-mail address, telephone and/or fax number, occupation, or other information that may identify an individual or allow online or offline contact with an individual.
Web site Usage Information
Cookies
The Frick Collection may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you.  Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.  Cookies track where you travel on the Web site and what you look at.  In doing so, a cookie may enable The Frick Collection to relate your use of the Web site to your Personal Information.  Many other Web sites use cookies for very similar purposes.
Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie.  Additionally, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies.  Refusing a cookie will generally not interfere with your use of the Web site.  However, refusal of a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using or negatively impact the display or function of the Web site or certain areas or features of the Web site.
Clear GIFs
The Frick Collection may use “clear GIFs,” or similar technologies, in the Web site and/or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message.  A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a Web page or message.
IP Address and Clickstream Data
The Frick Collection’s server automatically collects data about your server’s domain address when you visit us.  This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet.  When you request pages from The Frick Collection, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name.  Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., a search engine), the pages you visit on this Web site, the Web site you visit after this Web site, other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using, and any search terms you have entered on this Web site or a referral site.  The Frick Collection uses such information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.  Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.
How is the Personal Information used?
The Frick Collection may use the Personal Information you provide to our Web site to fulfill a specific purpose or purposes.  For example, Personal Information may be used to send you an e-newsletter or other information, to respond to your Frick Art Reference Library reference question, or to provide you with other information you have requested.  The Frick Collection may also use your Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping.  The Frick Collection may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties.  In addition, The Frick Collection may send you notices (for example, in the form of e-mails, mailings, and the like) about products, services, companies and events that we think might interest you.  You may opt-out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the notice you receive from us or by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address provided in the Right to Opt Out section above.
Does The Frick Collection share Personal Information and Web site Usage information with others?
The Frick Collection may provide visitors an opportunity to receive offers from other entities who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to you.  If you do not indicate a preference not to receive such offers, The Frick Collection may from time to time provide your contact information to these entities so that they may send you these offers.  If you change your mind and no longer want The Frick Collection to share your contact information with others, send an e-mail to the e-mail address provided in the Right to Opt Out section above.
The Frick Collection may use third party partners to help operate this Web site and deliver the services, and may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide services for or through this Web site or for our business (such as address list hosting and distribution companies that use such information on our behalf).
The Frick Collection reserves the right to analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in and use of the Web site and e-mails.  The Frick Collection may disclose such analyses to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
Legally Compelled Disclosures
The Frick Collection may disclose user information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required by law.  We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Web site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Business Transfer
In the event that The Frick Collection or substantially all of its assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of a merger, sale, consolidation or liquidation, customer Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets.
Consent to Processing
By providing Personal Information to this Web site, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories.
Access to other sites through The Frick Collection Web site
When you are on The Frick Collection Web site you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not operated by The Frick Collection.  These sites may collect Personal Information about you.  For example, online purchases made from The Frick Collection’s Museum Shop are subject to the information practices of Yahoo! Store, which administers such online sales.  The Frick Collection does not control sites that are operated by others and is not responsible for the information practices of these sites and this Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other Web sites.
The Collection's Right to Change this Privacy Policy
The Frick Collection reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of The Frick Collection’s policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of its Web site by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page.  Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Web site.
Security/Enforcement
The Frick Collection will take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to its Web site.  However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, The Frick Collection cannot guarantee that this information will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers.
If you contact The Frick Collection by e-mail, you should be aware that e-mail transmission might not be secure.  A third party could view information you send by e-mail in transit.
The Frick Collection will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development.  If a notification is appropriate, The Frick Collection would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.  By using this Web site, you consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification.
The Frick Collection
Attention:  Office of the Deputy Director
1 East 70th Street
New York, NY 10021-4907
privacy@frick.org
Effective Date:  September 26, 2005
Director's Greeting
Contact Us
Careers
Board of Trustees
Annual Reports
Management Staff
Senior Staff
Conservation
History
Buildings
Gardens
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
email
What's on at the Frick
Sign up for news about exhibitions, events, and more. Let us know your interests.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Pinterest
go to our Instagram
Google Art Project
Copyright © 1998-2020 The Frick Collection. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | About the Web Site | Feedback | Image Permissions | Terms of Use | Site Map | Contact Us