http://www.airzoo.org/policies-and-procedures
Home
Plan Your Visit
New Policies and Procedures
Air Zoo Facilities
Group Tours
Host an Event
Things To Do
Get Shaba
Launchpad to Learning
L2L Activities
Exhibits
Featured Exhibit
Alien Worlds And Androids
Hands On Exhibits
Memories & Milestones
D-Day 75
Apollo 11
Black Wings: American Dreams of Flight
National Guadalcanal Memorial
Space: Dare to Dream
Women in Air & Space
Michigan Aviation Hall of Fame
Aircraft
Early Flight: 1780s-1918
Golden Age of Aviation: 1919-1930s
WWII: 1930s-1945
Post War: 1946-1950s
Cold War: 1946-1991
Cold War/Jet Age: 1950s-1990
Space
Kits, Home Builts, and Civilian Planes
Education Opportunities
Restoration and the Flight Discovery Center
Collections
Donations
Biplane Rides
Science Innovation Hall of Fame Awards
Extras!
Kitty Hawk Cafe
AirZoom Backgrounds
Education Programs
Virtual Learning Labs
Launchpad to Learning
For Kids
Education@Home
Camps
Overnights
Scouting
Sky Kids Club
For Families
Science Floor Shows
Education@Home
Family Fun Days
For Educators
Virtual STEAM Programs
Outreach Programs
Field Trips
Group Scholarship Opportunities
Homeschool Discovery
Science Innovation Hall of Fame Awards (SIHOF)
Scholarships
Education for Employment
Events Calendar
Host an Event
Birthday Parties
Weddings
Proms and Grad Events
Conference Rooms
Host an Event Form
Evening Parties and Banquets
About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
What's New?
In The News
Air Zoo Blog
Media Resources
History
Air Zoo Team
Volunteer Spotlight
Board
Financials and Policies
Policies and Procedures
Shop
Gift Certificates
Adopt-a-Plane
Fly Buy Store
Support
Membership
Contact
Search the site
Tickets
Today's Hours
Flight Innovation Center
Mon - Sat: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Sun: 12:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Flight Discovery Center
Mon - Thurs: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Fri - Sat: 11:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Sun: 12:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Directions
Search
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website and you agree to our Privacy Policy.
I Accept
Policies and Procedures
The Following Policies and Procedures
The Air Zoo may, from time to time and at our discretion, update, modify, supplement or delete portions of these policies. We welcome your comments regarding our Privacy Policy, Food , Service Animal, and COVID Policies and Procedures below. If you believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact the Air Zoo. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Thank You!
Digital Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Air Zoo is committed to protecting your privacy. Privacy issues represent a growing concern for all web users. The Air Zoo does not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information. The Air Zoo does not sell your information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies to the Air Zoo website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Air Zoo website, you have accepted the terms of this Policy.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to the Air Zoo website, we store only the following: the IP address from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the site, identify system performance or problem areas, and so that we may improve the quality of the site. The Air Zoo website does not provide this information to third parties.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk allowing our server to "remember" specific information about your session. While visiting the Air Zoo site you may occasionally encounter a web page that employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these web pages. The cookie and the information about your session will be destroyed automatically shortly after you close your browser-it is not permanently stored on your computer. You can set your browser to disable cookies or prompt you before a cookie is accepted. If you do not want to receive cookies, you will still be able to use the Air Zoo site, but will be unable to use cookie-dependent features.
Personally Provided Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. If provided, personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Security of Your Personal Information
The Air Zoo secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Air Zoo secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Links to Other Sites
The Air Zoo website provides some links to other websites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Virtual Education Safety Policies
The Air Zoo will make every attempt to keep your child's virtual classroom safe.  Program registrants will receive email correspondence prior to their child's programs containing password protected links and all participants will remain in a digital waiting room until verified for attendance the day of the program. Virtual classrooms will also be monitored and assisted by a second educator for added safety and digital support.
Food on Premise
Outside Food
Outside food is not allowed at the Flight Innovation Center (FIC); drinks are permitted. The Kitty Hawk Cafe plans to reopen in late July and will then be available for meal, beverage and snack purchases. Outside food can be enjoyed at the picnic pavilion. located along the path, between buildings.
Flight Innovation Center food exception: sack lunches for field trips.
Please call if you have questions or concerns! 269.382.6555
Birthday Parties
Birthday parties must be booked in advance. Gifts, cake, etc. are not authorized in the Air Zoo without a booking, but you're welcome to celebrate at our picnic pavilion if it is available.
Service Animals
Service animals are welcome at the Air Zoo. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) 2010 Regulations define a service animal as any dog that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability.  Other species of animals, trained or untrained, are not service animals for the purposes of this definition.
A New Way of Doing Business
The Air Zoo is committed to providing our guests with immersive and engaging experiences every day. Our mission is to provide a safe place to gather, to imagine, explore, discover and to be inspired. We understand the vital role organizations like ours play in getting a community back and thriving after a devastating event like the COVID-19 pandemic.
In these unprecedented and challenging times, we are committed to fulfilling our mission in a manner that places the safety and well-being of our staff, volunteers and guests at highest priority. Under the guidance of the CDC and state and local governments we have developed the following policies and procedures.
Capacity and Hours of Operation
We plan* to open our doors to Air Zoo Members ONLY on Monday, June 29th. General admission will resume on July 13th.
We are exercising limited occupancy and encourage online ticketing to decrease contact and to ensure admission on busy days.
Monday (both the AM and PM times) will be reserved for our vulnerable population. If you do not fit into this category, please plan your visit for another day.
*Please check back often as things can quickly change as we navigate this unknown.
What to Expect During Your Visit
We require all staff, volunteers, members and guests, ages 2 and up, to wear masks/face coverings inside of the center, in common indoor spaces, and outdoors when not able to socially distance. Executive Order 2020-147
Everyone who enters either building will be temperature checked and asked to leave if there are signs of illness or a temperature of 100.4 or higher.
We have temporarily closed our rides, theater, flight simulators and several of our hands-on interactives that are not easily disinfected for continued safety.
Due to distancing requirements the shuttle will be out of operation until safe to resume use.
New Policies & Procedures
We require EVERYONE 2 and up, to wear masks/face coverings inside of the center, in common indoor spaces, and outdoors when not able to socially distance. MDHHS Epidemic Orders
Everyone who enters either building will be temperature checked and asked to leave if there are signs of illness or a temperature of 100.4 or higher.
We will kindly enforce physical distancing.
Guests will find hand sanitizer readily available throughout the exhibit floor.
We follow CDC cleaning protocols and continually train our employees on proper disinfection of high-touch surfaces, respiratory etiquette, hand hygiene, and proper use of PPE.
We will prescreen the health of our employees and volunteers, requiring them to stay home if they feel sick, and ask our visitors to do the same.
We have installed physical barriers where necessary to limit exposure when physical distancing is difficult.
We will evaluate and adapt daily to new information and requirements.
About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
What's New?
History
Air Zoo Team
Volunteer Spotlight
Board
Financials and Policies
Policies and Procedures
Come experience the sky
View all exhibits
Come visit us.
Trip Advisor Review
Real reviews from Trip Advisor reviewers.
Great place! Very interesting educational and informational! Great place to take the whole family as there is something for young children up to adults!
blackeyedsusan2018
Trip Advisor Review
Real reviews from Trip Advisor reviewers.
We took our grown daughters and young grandsons to the Air Zoo. It was very entertaining for all of us. There is so much to see and do. Rides for the whole family!
Rick C