http://www.keele.ac.uk/terms
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Terms and conditions
General Website Terms of Use
This page tells you the terms of use which you agree to when you use the keele.ac.uk website and other important information relating to the information contained on the website.
About us
Keele.ac.uk is a website operated by the University of Keele ("we", "Keele University", "us"). We are a university established by the University of Keele Act 1962 (10 &11 Eliz. 2 Ch Xv) and the granting of a Royal Charter 1962, of Keele, Staffordshire ST5 5BG.
To contact us, please email us (see addresses at www.keele.ac.uk/contactus) or telephone us on +44 (0)1782 732000.
Using keele.ac.uk
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by any third party.
By using this site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using the Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Other terms that may apply to you
These following additional terms will also apply to your use of our site:
Our terms and conditions relating to Privacy and Cookies at www.keele.ac.uk/privacy.  The terms relating to Privacy set out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. The terms relating to Cookies set out how we use cookies on our site.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the content standards that apply when you use our site.
If you apply and become a student at Keele University, your contractual relationship will be governed by our Student Terms and Conditions – these can be found at www.keele.ac.uk/student-agreement/.
How we may change these General Website Terms of Use
We may at any time revise these terms and conditions and such changes will be effective from the date of publication. Please check these terms and conditions every time you wish to use our site, as continued use of the Website after a change has been made is your acceptance of the change.
We may also make changes to our Privacy and cookies policy from time to time, so you should also check these regularly to see whether any changes have been made.
Access & Availability
The Website is made available to you free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.  Your access to the Website is given on a temporary basis only.
We reserve the right to change the Website and the content on it, including without limitation by adding or removing content or functionality, at any time.
We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Website for business and operational reasons.  We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. We make no warranties, representations, undertakings or guarantees that the Website:
will be free from errors or omissions;
will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.  You will be responsible for ensuring that the device you use to access the Website has suitable anti-virus software in place.
Intellectual Property
All aspects of Keele University’s website design, graphics, text, software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on the website are copyright of Keele University and its affiliates.  The express permission of Keele University must be obtained for the use of any material other than that permitted by law.
Subject to the restrictions set out below, you may download, view and print materials from our sites for your personal non-commercial use and internal non-commercial circulation within your organisation.  Print copies must not be modified in any way. No other use is permitted without our prior written consent.
Keele University’s status (and that of any contributors) as authors of the material on our sites must be acknowledged. The permission to reproduce material does not extend to material identified as belonging to third parties, where you obtain the permission of the relevant owners before reproducing the material.
Linking to and from the Website
We welcome other websites to link to the information that is hosted on these pages, and you don’t have to ask permission to link to the Website. However, we don’t give you permission to suggest that your website is associated with, or endorsed by, the Website, unless otherwise agreed.
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
By linking to external websites, Keele University does not endorse the views or information within them and is unable to grant permission to use material found on such sites.
Uploading of content to the Website by you and others
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You agree that you will compensate us for any losses or liabilities we suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with you not complying with those standards, and you accept that you will be liable to us and reimburse us for any loss that we suffer or for costs we incur.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and not registered or protected in any way (e.g. as a trademark).
You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
We are not responsible for and do not give any warranties in respect of any content on the Website that is uploaded by a user (other than our staff, agents and/or representatives).  Any view expressed by any user of our Website is their view and not ours, unless such statements are made by our staff, agents and/or representatives.
Reliance on the information on the Website
Our site is accessed by a range of users and the information on the site is therefore intended to serve a range of needs, both internal and external. Keele University will endeavour to ensure that the information on our site is accurate at the time of publication.
If you believe that any of the information on our sites is inaccurate, please let us know via webmaster@keele.ac.uk and we will investigate this.
Keele University will do all it reasonably can to ensure that information provided on the Website is accurate and up-to-date. However, Keele University undertakes a continuous review of its teaching provision to ensure quality enhancement and it may be necessary to make changes to the information or its services from time to time, including withdrawal of programmes or services.
Immediately prior to making an application to study at Keele University, prospective students should fully familiarise themselves with the most up to date information contained on this site in relation to the subject matter/course to which their application relates, and refer to the relevant terms contained in any offer communication received.
University staff and student webpages
Keele University allows staff and student pages to be maintained on the Website but the views on these pages may not represent the views of Keele University. The information on staff and student pages is not provided by Keele University. Consequently, the institution does not and cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information.
If you register an account on the Website you must provide accurate and complete registration information and keep that information up to date at all times.
Use of certain parts of the Website is password protected.  In order to use it you will need a user identification code, password, authentication code, and/or pre-selected answers to security questions in order to access it.  It is your responsibility to keep this information secret and confidential and not to disclose it to any other person.
We reserve the right to disable any user identification code, password, authentication code, and/or pre-selected answers to security questions at any time if:
in our reasonable opinion you fail to comply with any of these terms;
if we consider that you are using the Website to download content;
you infringe in any manner the rights of another person;
we consider there may be a security risk.
Viruses and other offences
You must not:
use the Website to send or transmit, whether directly or indirectly, unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material, chain letters or pyramid selling schemes;
use the Website for mail bombing or flooding or to make deliberate attempts to overload a system;
use the Website to post content or link to content where you know that or ought to have known that the owner of that content has not consented to or authorised that posting or linking or where that posting or linking infringes the rights of that owner;
knowingly or recklessly introduce to the Website, or use the Website to transmit, any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, malware, adware or other materials which are malicious or harmful;
attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server, equipment or network on which the Website is stored, any server, computer or database connected to the Website or any software;
use the Website to attempt to gain unauthorised access to any other website, internet account, server, computer, equipment, system, network, data or information;
use the Website to monitor data or traffic on any network or system;
use the Website to collect or use information, including without limitation email addresses, screen names or other identifiers, by deceit (such as phishing, internet scamming, password robbery, spidering, scraping and harvesting);
use the Website to distribute software;
carry out a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack on the Website or use the Website to carry out any such attack on any other website.
If you breach any term of these Terms of Use your right to use the Website will immediately end.  In addition we may take such other actions including, without limitation, legal action as we consider appropriate.
Liability
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability relating to academic services provided to you, which will be set out in our Student Terms and Conditions that can be found at www.keele.ac.uk/student-agreement/
To the fullest extent permitted by the law, we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
Governing law
These terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales, and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these terms in English and Welsh courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these terms in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these terms in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.