http://www.bucks.edu/policy/disclaimer/
Skip to content
Policy
Disclaimers
Links to Personal Home Pages and Third-Party Websites
Bucks County Community College encourages open participation on the Internet by the College community and therefore welcomes the opportunity for students, faculty, and staff to publish personal home pages on the Web. Additionally, Bucks County Community College provides some links to third-party websites as a convenience for our users.
The existence of links to personal home pages and/or third-party websites is not to be construed as an endorsement by Bucks County Community College of the content of any of these external sites, nor does Bucks County Community College take any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of the information and/or the quality of any information, products, or services provided by or advertised on these third-party websites.
The views and opinions expressed on personal home pages or third-party websites are strictly those of the page's authors. All comments on the contents of those pages should be addressed to the page authors.
Bucks County Community College disclaims, to the fullest extent permissible by law, any and all liability and responsibility for any claims or damage that may arise as a result of any websites maintained by third parties and linked to from the Bucks County Community College website.
Privacy, Accessibility and Policies
Bucks County Community College's policy is that all official College web resources will adhere to Federal Section 508 guidelines, in order to assure access to all users and meet compliance requirements. Authors of personal home pages are advised of these guidelines and have free access to resources to assist them in compliance. However, Bucks County Community College does not assume any responsibility for accessibility compliance on personal websites or any third-party websites linked to from official College online resources.
Bucks County Community College advises site visitors that links to websites not directly controlled by Bucks County Community College are not subject to any privacy, accessibility, or policy notices associated with the Bucks County Community College website and, therefore, visitors are advised to read the privacy, accessibility, and other policies of any personal home pages or third-party sites.
Home 2017PolicyDisclaimers
Academic IntegrityCode of ConductComplianceConsumer InformationDisclaimersFERPA PolicyForms + Records + TranscriptsHoliday PolicyNotice of Non-DiscriminationSmoking PolicyWeb Accessibility Statement
Apply