https://www.carolinahomeschooler.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Privacy Statement for Carolina Homeschooler, LLC
Updated on: December 10, 2020
Carolina Homeschooler respects member privacy to the highest degree possible. We use the information we collect from you in order to maintain the smooth operation of our website, community, and mailing list.
We will never share your information with any outside parties or agencies unless we ask your permission on a case-by-case basis, and we will take every reasonable step to protect it. We will delete any information we hold on you on request.
The following privacy policy statement explains in detail what information we collect, how we use that information, and your options about the way we collect and use your information.
We collect minimal information
You may contact us via various contact forms, email links, and our regular postal address. We use your contact information solely to reply to your question or comments. We do not share email addresses or postal addresses with outside parties without your permission.
Links to other sites
Our site contains links to other sites that we feel may benefit you. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of any of these linked sites. We review these links periodically, but please let us know if you feel any links are inappropriate for our site.
Amazon Affiliation
We participate in the Amazon Affiliate program, where we earn a small percentage from qualifying purchases that are linked from this website. This doesn’t cost you extra, but helps to cover our expenses when researching field trips and educational sites.
Community Area
Here is the link to the privacy policy for our community area.
Unsubscribing from our mailing list
Our public Carolina Homeschooler mailing list is an opt-in list, which means you must subscribe yourself.
Our private mailing list for homeschool association members is not an opt-in mailing list. We add members to that list as a benefit of membership and it’s our primary way of communicating with members.
In every mailing list message you receive from us (from both the public and private mailing lists), an unsubscribe link is included at the bottom of the message. If you wish to unsubscribe from any mailing list, please use the unsubscribe link or email us and ask us to remove you.
Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns about this statement, please contact us at:
Carolina Homeschooler, LLC961 N Main St #3Lancaster, SC 29720
director@carolinahomeschooler.com
Subscribe to our mailing list for news and updates.Subscribe!