http://www.austincollege.edu/privacy-policy/
Alumni
Parents
News
Calendar
Library
Quick Links
Home » Privacy PolicyAustin College respects, and is committed to protecting your privacy. The information we collect on this site is kept in strict confidence and will not be sold, rented, disclosed, or loaned to other individuals, private or public organizations for any purpose outside official college business.
Except where indicated, this Privacy Policy applies to, and is valid for all official pages within the College’s Web space.
Official Web Pages
Official Austin College Web pages are defined as the Web pages of the College’s departments, centers, programs, divisions or other units and any other sites specifically designated as official by a vice president, dean, department chair, director, or other recognized designate providing formal representation of the college. Official pages are generally recognizable by the college logo, and a standard page footer that includes references to this Privacy Policy and the College’s contact information.
Unofficial Web Pages
Within the Austin College domain – austincollege.edu, there may exist Web pages over which the college has no responsibility or control. Such pages are considered unofficial and may include, but are not limited to, the Web pages of individual faculty members or students, and the Web pages of student organizations and other entities not formally a part of the college. While Austin College encourages compliance with this Privacy Policy at such pages, the individuals responsible for those pages ultimately owns control and should be contacted directly for information regarding privacy with the page in question.
FERPA
The Family Education Rights and Privacy Act gives registered students over the age of 18 the right of access to “educational records” at a college/university that contain information directly related to them. FERPA also states that a university cannot permit access to or release of “educational records” or personally identifiable information contained therein to any party without consent of the student.
If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to email us at webmaster@austincollege.edu.
GET IN TOUCH
903.813.2000
Austin College
900 N. Grand Ave.
Sherman, TX 75090
Contact Us
GET SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
GET LINKED
Human Resources
Campus Offices
Directory
Email
Sexual Misconduct
Campus Conduct Hotline
GET CONNECTED
Subscribe
Connect to AC
Request Information