http://www.umfk.maine.edu/policies/privacy-policy/
skip to content
Previous
Next
University Policies
University of Maine at Fort Kent • 23 University Drive, Fort Kent, ME 04743
Email Us •  (207) 834-7500
Mission & Vision  |  History  |  Accreditation  |  Visit UMFK  |  Admissions Inquiry  |  Apply Now
Home
University Policies
Privacy Policy
Initiating Department: Media Services
Policy Type: UMS Policy
Action Taken: New Policy Creation
Date of Development:
Date of Implementation:
Date Last Modified:
Next Review Date:
Privacy Policy
Visitors to the UMFK.EDU website are important to us. UMFK.EDU does not record personal information about you without your permission. UMFK.EDU collects only the information needed to create an efficient electronic gateway for public information.
Collection of Information
UMFK.EDU automatically collects some information when you look or search through our web pages. It is collected for statistical purposes only. We use the information to make our site easier to use. We do not use it to identify you personally. The information collected includes the following:
The date and time of your visit.
Information about your browser type and operating system.
The parts of our website you visited.
The Internet address of your computer and the site that sent you to us.
If you used a search page to find us, the search terms you entered.
UMFK.EDU does not ever automatically collect information like your name, address, email address, or phone number. Be aware that in order to complete some services you may need to provide personal information. Supplying this information is voluntary.
Cookies
UMFK.EDU uses Google Analytics, which mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains.  We do not use or place spyware on your computer.
Online Forms
Any information you supply during the completion of an online form will be considered voluntary. This information will be treated the same as any provided in person during a visit to the university system office or a university. It may be necessary to share this information with other departments or universities for proper handling.
Public Disclosure
Unless specifically protected under federal or state law, any information provided may be inspected by the public or disclosed. Please refer to 1 MRSA § 401 et seq for more information on public records and under what circumstances it is released.
Incorrect Information
If you find something that is out of date or wrong please contact the UMFK.EDU webmaster. Do not include any sensitive data, such as your personal information, when you contact us to correct data inaccuracies. The secure transfer of this type of information will be arranged later if necessary.
Contact Information
To offer comments about the UMFK.EDU website or this Privacy Statement, contact the webmaster at umfkweb@maine.edu.
This policy is derived from the maine.edu privacy policy for the University of Maine System, available at http://www.maine.edu/privacy-policy/