http://www.keele.ac.uk/students/academiclife/timetabling/roominformation/roomconditions/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Code of practice
Room conditions
To help maintain and enhance the standard of our pool rooms, you are requested to observe the following code of practice for the benefit of all users.
Please make all present in your session aware of this code of practice.
When you enter a University pool room you should find it in a clean and tidy condition, no matter what time of day the session begins.
If a pool room does not conform to these standards when you enter it, please notify the timetabling unit on ext: 34487 or email: timetabling@keele.ac.uk as soon as possible, so that a record of quality maintenance can be established and the issue addressed with previous users.
Inviting guest/external speaker(s)
Formal approval for your event must be obtained where it is reasonably foreseeable that an event/speaker may raise controversial issues and risk infringement of the University’s Code of Practice on Freedom of Speech. The External Speakers Approval procedure can be found here.
Food and drink
Staff and students are reminded that eating and drinking in the room (other than water) is not allowed, either on a casual basis or for organised events, unless booked through University catering services.Tidiness and furniture
Both staff and students are requested to show consideration for colleagues who are to follow them into this room.
Please make every effort to remove any litter and leave the room as clean and tidy as possible. Please ensure that you return all furniture and equipment to its standard layout at the end of the session. The Standard Layout is illustrated on each teaching room wall.
Interactive whiteboard
Do not use ANY sort of pen on these boards
Whiteboards
Please use only DRY WIPE marker pens. It is your responsibility to bring dry wipe pens with you as they are not provided in pool rooms.
At the end of a session please always remember to clean the whiteboard to enable the following session to start promptly.
AV equipment
If you are experiencing a problem or do not fully understand how a particular piece of equipment functions please call for assistance from AV Services, Ext: 38470 or email av.services@keele.ac.uk. Do not attempt to rectify the problem on your own as this may result in permanent damage to the item of equipment. Try to familiarise yourself with equipment before you use the room. Please switch off all items of AV equipment that you have used prior to vacating the room at the end of a session.
Security
If you find a room locked please contact Security on Ext: 33004. If you are the last user of the room please remember to switch all lights off on departure and most importantly remember to close and lock all windows.
It is hoped that with the co-operation of colleagues and students, the environment in which we all work can be kept at a high standard.
Campus map
Out of term bookings (Events team)
Guest or external speakers - approval procedure
Contact us
Get in touch
Keele App
Download
Electives
Select your modules