http://www.royalarmouries.org/about-us/governance/policies/website-accessibility-statement/
Skip to main content
Website accessibility statement We understand the importance of accessibility, and as a DCMS sponsored non-departmental government body and charity we are committed to providing accessible services.
To this end, we’ve made every effort to make the website compatible with assistive technology. The site should be usable by recent versions of assistive technologies including JAWS (Job Access With Speech), NVDA (Non Visual Desktop Access), ZoomText, and Dragon Naturally Speaking. It should also be usable by screen magnifiers and speech recognition software found on your operating system.
Skip navigation link
For users who only use keyboards or screen readers, we’ve added a link that will skip past the navigation and land on the beginning of the main content on the page.
Text size
The font size has been set at a minimum of 18pts and the Century Gothic font has been used throughout to ensure text is a clear as possible – without the need of resizing. You may, however, also be able to use your browser to change the text size.
Find out more about changing the text size in your browser.
Colour contrast
We have ensured that all text on the site has a sufficient contrast with the background colour (ratio 4.5:1) to make it easier to read.
If you find that the colour contrast on the site is insufficient and you have trouble reading the text then depending on your operating system and browser you may be able to change then to your own colours.
Find out more about using your own colours with your browser
Downloading documents
There are a number of Adobe PDF (Portable Document Format) and Microsoft Word documents on the website. If you are having trouble opening these files, you may need additional software:
For Adobe PDFs, download the latest Adobe Reader software
For Microsoft Word documents, download the latest Word Viewer software
Alternative communication formats
Please contact us if you require any of our downloadable documents in an alternative format.
If you need extra help
If you need extra help in using computers, the web and assistive technologies, we recommend you visit BBC My Web, My Way. This site has videos and information to help you use the accessibility features of your computer and shows how to make it easier to use the web.
Accessibility limitations
We have tried to ensure this site is accessible but you may encounter some limitations.
We aim to communicate in clear and simple language but due to the nature of our collection this isn’t always possible. Some content may be technical in nature and may require technical understanding.
If you do find there are parts of the website that are inaccessible, please let us know (see below).
Let us know if you are having difficulties
If you have any difficulty using our website or spot any problems, please send us your feedback. We’re happy to hear from you and your feedback will help us make our site better. Advice on what to write can be found on the W3C website.
Accessibility statement
Royal Armouries aims to meet the highest standards in accessibility. This website has been designed and developed to meet the WCAG 2.0 AA standard. A full accessibility audit was conducted by accessibility experts and tested by a team of disabled testers at the Shaw Trust in June 2018.
This accessibility information was last updated on 4 June 2019. This page will be reviewed every 12 months.
TweetShareReddit
Share:
TweetShareReddit
Close this module
Coronavirus (Covid-19) Fort Nelson is open.The White Tower is open.The Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds remains closed.More information