https://www.latech.edu/library/policies/
×
Louisiana Tech University home page
Home
About
Academic Calendar
Academics
Undergraduate
Graduate
International
Honors
Air Force ROTC
Admissions
Shreveport-Bossier
Life on Campus
Events
First-Year Experience
Residential Life
Intramural Sports & Recreation
Athletic News & Events
Current Students
Academic Calendar
Tech Express
Student Advancement / Affairs
Registrar’s Office
Financial Aid
B.O.S.S.
Faculty Enlight
Moodle
Webmail
Google GSuite
Microsoft 365
IT Helpdesk
Library
Faculty & Staff
Center for Instructional Technology
Forms
Moodle Instructions
Tech 2020
University Senate
B.O.S.S. Login
Webmail Login
Faculty Enlight
Moodle Login
Zoom login
Mediasite login
Google Apps
Microsoft 365
Incident Reporting Form
IT Helpdesk
Research and Innovation Enterprise
Research Centers of Excellence
Intellectual Property And Commercialization
Office of Sponsored Projects
Research Compliance
Corporate Partnerships
Enterprise Campus
Athletics
Alumni
Bookstore
LIBRARY
Home › Library › Policies
Library
Search for Information
Articles
Books
Catalogs
Government Information
Journals
Research Resources
Databases: A-Z List
Databases: Subject List
Dissertations or Theses
Electronic Book Collections
Images
Music Recordings
Newspapers
Reference List: A-Z
Reference List: By Source Type
Trial Databases
Library COVID-19 Response
About the Library
Floor Directory: A-Z
Floor Directory: by Floor
Library Employment
Library History
Library Hours
Library Snapshot
Contact Us
Ask a Librarian
Library – Personnel Directory
College Liaison Librarians
Make a Donation
Offer Comments
Government Documents
Federal Resources
FEMA Center of Excellence
Government Documents Policies
Louisiana Public Document Depository Program Advisory Council
Louisiana Resources
Map Resources
How Do I
Find Books
Find Journal Articles
Find Government Information
Policies
Services
Borrow a Laptop
Building Facilities
Circulation
Copyright
Document Delivery
Interlibrary Loan
Library Instruction
Research Services
Submit Dissertation or Thesis
Visitor Information
Special Collections, Manuscripts & Archives
About Special Collections
Records Management
American Foreign Policy Center
Camp Ruston
Frellsen Fletcher Smith
Use of Materials
Library COVID-19 Response
Building Use
The Library is subject to the Policies and Procedures of the University and its internal policies to regulate user privileges and behaviors. Courteous, responsible use is expected by all users which may include: (i) members of the Louisiana Tech community, (ii) local community residents, and (iii) members of other academic institutions. All children under fourteen years of age must be accompanied by an adult at all times.
It is important that you have some form of current personal identification while in the Library. University students and personnel are required to have a valid LaTech ID Card, while other patrons must have a valid driver’s license and a PML Courtesy Card, LALINC Card, or identification from another institution.
Alcohol, illegal drugs, firearms, knives, tobacco products (smoke and smokeless), and other items dangerous to persons or damaging to property are not allowed in the Library. Please read the Food & Drink Policy regarding what items are allowed and disallowed.
Items lost and found in the Library are held at the Circulation Desk on the main floor of the Library. If identification can be found, a staff member will make an effort to contact the owner. Items not picked up during regular office hours will be held in the Library until the end of each academic quarter. Then they will be turned over to University Police.
Food & Drink
We understand that students spend many hours at a time in the library. Therefore, Prescott Library permits some food and drink items on the premises.
We ask that you follow a few guidelines to help protect the University’s collections and technology.
Drinks are permitted in securely covered containers only.
Foods that are greasy or crumbly are not permitted. Do not bring in pizza, fried foods or similar food items. Small bite-size snacks are permitted.
You are expected to clean up after yourself by putting containers and wrappers into the trash and cleaning up any spills with paper towels (available in the restrooms).
Food and drink of any kind are not permitted around the following: computers, printers and areas dedicated to Special Collections and Archives (located on 4th floor).
Thank you for helping keep Prescott Library clean and comfortable!
Privacy
Please read the following carefully before accessing or using the Prescott Memorial Library (PML) website. By accessing and using the PML website, you acknowledge that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. Do not use this site if you do not agree with these terms. PML may modify the agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting. You should review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modification. If you continue to access this site, you indicate your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Privacy Statement
PML’s website does not automatically collect personal information. Such information is gathered and recorded only if you supply the information to us via an e-mail or on one of our online forms (such as the Interlibrary Loan form). This information is only used to record, process and track loan and document delivery requests, comments about our website, and other requests by the user for information.
All user information will be confidential while maintaining the ability for authorized PML staff to quickly and effectively access this information when required for operational purposes. No user information will be sold or otherwise made known to any individual or company where this information is not required for the operation of PML.
When applicable, User IDs and Passwords are confidential and will not be made available to any person or company outside of Louisiana Tech University for any reason whatsoever.
The network at the University is monitored to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited. Disciplinary action for violating the code shall be governed by the applicable provisions of student handbooks, faculty and staff handbooks, personnel policy manuals for Louisiana Tech University, Louisiana Tech University’s Computer Policies 2302, and Louisiana Revised Statues 14:73: Computer Related Crimes.
PML may log ip interactions with our server for statistical purposes. No Privacy Act information, such as name or address, is collected or used.
Use of Cookies: Cookies are small files used to store information on your computer, such as user ID and password for entering site. Any use of cookies will be limited to sites requiring a user ID and password. We do not use cookies to track other sites you have visited, and we do not use cookies to obtain any personal or confidential information other than what is initially required.
While PML will cooperate with law enforcement personnel and legal investigations of Library users, all user information will be held private unless ordered by a court to surrender this information.
At PML we take your right to privacy seriously. If you have any concerns regarding these issues please e-mail us via our Feedback Form.
Content & Liability Disclaimer
While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information supplied herein, Prescott Memorial Library cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions and reserves the right to change the content of its sites, including the products and services described therein, at any time; therefore, all PML and third party information is provided “AS IS.” PML DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE) PROVIDED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. PML does not warrant that the website or the server that makes the website available are free of computer “viruses.” PML shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of us, arising out of your access to, or inability to access, any PML website or the information contained within it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statue, in equity, at law or otherwise.
Links to Other Websites
PML makes no representation whatsoever regarding the content of any other websites which you may access from this site. When you access a non-PML website, please understand that it is independent from PML and that PML has no control over the content on that website. A link to a non-PML website does not mean that PML endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such website.