http://www.lsc.org/privacy-policy
Close
Liberty Science Center is currently open from Thursdays through Sundays! Click here to learn more about our safety protocols and get tickets now.
Dismiss notification
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyIntroductionLiberty Science Center (also herein referred to as “the Center”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy and personal information online.
The policy outline below (this “Policy”) is intended to help you understand what personal information the Center may collect on this website (the “Site”), how we may use the personal information and with whom we may share the personal information. “Personal information”, as referenced in this Policy includes, but is not limited to, names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, and credit card information.By using the Site or communicating with us by e-mail, you signify your acceptance of this Policy, and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site.
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices and this Policy are subject to change.
We ask that visitors to the Site periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Policy will indicate your acceptance of those changes.Usage DataYou can browse the Site without logging on, and no personal information about you or your visit will be collected. Some anonymous, statistical information is automatically logged when you access the Site.
For example, our servers automatically collect information about the IP address from which you access the Site (an IP address is a numerical identifier assigned to networked computers by an Internet Service Provider for the purpose of accessing the internet), the pages you visit, the date and time you access the Site, how you use data from Google’s Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests), and the type of browser and operating system that you are using.
We use this information to better understand how the Site is used.
This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Collection of Information We collect personal information when you voluntarily provide it.
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an email message to one of the addresses listed on the Site.
You may also provide us with personal information when you register with us, become a member, make a donation, purchase a product or service from us, request information from us, subscribe to the Center’s Insiders Club, as described below, or otherwise voluntarily provide your personal information.As a service, Liberty Science Center offers visitors the opportunity to subscribe to the Center’s Insiders Club.
If you choose to join, you will receive newsletters and/or information on the topics you choose. You may unsubscribe to the Center’s Insiders Club at any time.
Liberty Science Center wishes to assure subscribers to Insiders Club that, except as set forth below, personal information, including email addresses, will not be shared, rented or sold to third parties.
However, we may use cookies to track the pages on the Site visited by subscribers to our email list, as described further below.If you communicate with us by letter, e-mail, phone or in person, it is possible that information about the communication may be collected into a file specific to you.Information SharingExcept as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, the Center will not intentionally disclose any personal information about you as an individual user (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, or email address) to any third party without having received your prior permission. The Center may share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:Third Parties Providing Services – The Center may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Examples include, without limitation, hosting this Site, sending communications on our behalf, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, serving ads and providing customer service.
Such companies and individuals may have access to personal information to the extent necessary to perform their duties and functions.
Legal Process – We may release personal information if we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that it is necessary to comply with the law or legal process served on us or protect and defend our legitimate business interests, rights or property or rights of our customers and patrons. Aggregate Information – We may disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties.Unaffiliated
Non-profit Organizations – The Center may share personal information about you with unaffiliated, non-profit organizations.Your Rights to Limit Our Sharing of Your Personal InformationYou can choose that your personal information not be shared with unaffiliated, non-profit organizations by contacting us via the e-mail address listed below (please include the words “privacy opt-out” in the subject line).
Please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately.CookiesCookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept or blocks them. If you block cookies you may not be able to use certain Site features or functions.Links to Other WebsitesUsers may find content on the Site that links to the websites and services of our partners, sponsors, or other third parties. In many cases, these links represent cooperative projects or are established with persons or entities that have a significant connection to or relationship with the Site. Although every effort is made to ensure that website referrals are to reputable and relevant sources, the Center does not control the content or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy at all. The Center encourages visitors to review the privacy policies of any sites they visit to ensure their personal information is being protected.Children Twelve and UnderLiberty Science Center does not knowingly collect personal information from children twelve years of age and under. Visitors twelve and under are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this Site.Security Liberty Science Center takes appropriate security measures to protect personal and non-personally identifiable information that it receives via the Internet against unauthorized access.The Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process online transactions such as donations. SSL encodes your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, as it travels over the Internet to protect the personal information from interception by a third party. Sensitive credit card information is not permanently stored on any Liberty Science Center web server and though your order information is retained for our records, this information is not shared with other companies or persons except as needed to process your transaction.
If you prefer, you may obtain information about Liberty Science Center or inquire about making a donation at 201.253.1599.DisclaimerAlthough we believe that our security procedures are appropriate to protect your personal information as indicated, we cannot guarantee that these precautions will protect against, and we must hereby expressly disclaim any liability for, its misuse, loss, unauthorized access, alteration or use inconsistent with this Policy. In addition, this Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.
We have no responsibility for and specifically disclaim any liability for the content, the privacy policies and the use of information of third-party web sites to which the Sites may give links.Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at web@lsc.org (please include the word “privacy” in the subject line).
Close navigation