https://www.ucf.edu/internet-privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
I. General Statement
The University of Central Florida (“UCF”) strives to collect only the minimum amount of personal and confidential information necessary to support our students, faculty, staff, visitors and collaborators, and will protect that information when it is in our possession. With new methods of sharing, processing and storing all forms of data emerging at unprecedented rates, we put forth a consistent effort to limit the access of data to only those authorized individuals that need this access to carry out their respective job duties.
It is imperative that we all recognize that threats to the privacy and security of individuals’ personal data remain on the rise. UCF has and will continue to reasonably and appropriately secure its systems and applications, maintain policies to properly guide our staff, faculty, students and others, and investigate all issues involving suspected or actual data-related issues.
II. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie contains a small amount of visitor and website information stored on an individual’s computer. These files interact with the visitor and the website to provide a webpage tailored to the user through its awareness of information held within the file. Cookies also have the ability to carry all or parts of the information stored within the file to other websites that the individual may visit or to third parties.
To disable the use of cookies, which could negatively impact your web browsing experiences, please visit AllAboutCookies.org and locate your browser to adjust the settings within.
Your personal information will be retained and/or disposed of in accordance with Florida Statutes and UCF’s records management policies and practices.
The following describes the types of cookies UCF uses on our main website (https://www.ucf.edu/):
Required or Strictly Necessary Cookies are essential to enable you to navigate our websites, interact with the content and use the features. Without these cookies, services you may ask for, such as registering for an account, cannot be provided.
Functionality Cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make and provide more personal features. For instance, a functional cookie can be used to remember the volume level you prefer to use when watching videos on our websites. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Social Media Cookies may be set by third parties such as YouTube and Facebook to collect information about your social media experience.
Analytics Cookies
collect information about how visitors use our websites, for instance which pages visitors go to most often or how long they spend on a page. This information is used to improve our websites and to aid us in investigating problems raised by visitors. Analytics cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor; they are utilized to assess patterns of usage, rather than the behavior of a single person.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies are employed by dedicated partners and platforms to advertise on our behalf. Affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see what external site/experiences connect you to UCF. We use these cookies to make advertising more engaging and relevant to you and to avoid showing ads you’ve already seen. These cookies anonymously collect information about your browsing habits to help us produce better content and more dynamic web interactions.
If you have questions about our use of cookies and similar technologies, please feel free to email us at privacy@ucf.edu.
III. Electronic Mail (E-Mail) Communications
Under Florida law, most emails sent to UCF are considered public record. If you do not want your email address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to UCF.
Instead, contact the office you wish to reach by phone or in person as appropriate.
IV. Student Rights to Privacy
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education.
FERPA gives parents certain rights, e.g. right of inspection or correction of their children’s education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are “eligible students.”
Generally, UCF must have written permission from the parent or eligible student in order to release any information from a student’s education record. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to certain parties or under the specified conditions stated in 34 CFR § 99.31).
UCF may also disclose, without consent, information considered to be “directory” information.
If you are a student who would like to suppress the display of your directory information, you can do so by logging into myUCF, navigating to Student Self Service > Student Center > Personal Information and clicking on FERPA/Directory Restriction.
Learn more about FERPA protections at UCF.
V. Children’s Online Privacy Protection
If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use this website. If you are a minor between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only use the site under the supervision of your parent, legal guardian or another responsible adult. We impose these age restrictions to ensure compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For details see 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501–6506 (Pub.L. 105–277, 112 Stat. 2681-728, enacted October 21, 1998.)
VI. Use of Third Party Services
UCF may share your personal information with third party service providers for the purposes of communicating with you regarding our educational programs and services or to facilitate improvement of our services, our websites and our marketing efforts, or to help us provide services to the university community (e.g. software/information technology providers).
Some pages within the UCF website may contain content that is provided by external third parties (graphics, logos, scripts or similar). When you visit one of our pages that contains this third-party content, information such as IP address, date, browser and device type, and requested page may be transmitted to that third party. Some pages may contain links to external third parties in order to provide services or products to you. UCF is not responsible for the privacy practices of these external third parties. While we request these third parties to protect your information, we do not make any representations about their practices and policies. These third parties are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
VII. Individual Rights under the GDPR and Similar Laws
The University of Central Florida is based in Florida, operates primarily in Florida, and its primary place of business is the State of Florida. The administration of the University of Central Florida is based in Orange County, Florida, and that is the University’s home venue.
Thus, UCF follows US federal and Florida state law, as well as University Regulations and Policies.
However, there are occasions when a particular foreign law may apply to the University, such as the GDPR.
The GDPR applies to any person who is located within the EU (regardless of citizenship or permanent residency).
The GDPR applies to entities wholly located outside of the EU:
if they process Personal Data of anyone located within the EU.
or if they offer goods and services or monitor behavior in the EU.
or if they transmit personal information to the EU for any purpose.
For example:
cloud server, payroll processor, or vendor.
GDPR applies to all different types of entities.
Although UCF may be subject to a foreign law (e.g. GDPR) under limited circumstances, if there is any conflict between such foreign law and any US federal and Florida state law, as a state entity of the State of Florida, UCF will resolve that conflict in favor of US federal and Florida state law.
GDPR provides individuals who are covered by the GDPR the right to request, from UCF, access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, restriction of processing, objection to processing, the right to portability of your personal information, and the right to opt out of receiving communications for the purpose of marketing; however, the foregoing is specifically subject to US federal and Florida state law and in the event of a conflict between the GDPR and the rights afforded individuals thereunder and US federal and Florida state law, UCF will follow US federal and Florida state law.
That means, for example, that if you request erasure of your personal data, which is a right granted under the GDPR, but this right conflicts with UCF’s obligations under Florida Statute, UCF will follow Florida Statute and it may not be possible to erase your personal data, if Florida Statute requires for that data to be retained for a longer period of time.
Any individual who wishes to exercise any of the aforementioned rights may do so by filing such request with the UCF Data Protection Officer as instructed below.
VIII. Personal Data Transfers To/From Countries Outside the USA
UCF is a metropolitan research university located in the United States of America (“USA”). In order to provide you with the services and otherwise fulfill our obligations to you, it is necessary for your personal data to be transferred to, and processed within, the USA. Data protection laws differ around the world and the USA may not provide the same level of protection for personal data as your jurisdiction of residence.
IX. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
The agent designated by the University of Central Florida (UCF) to receive and act on copyright violations under the DMCA can be reached by sending an e-mail to dmca@ucf.edu.
Learn more about the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
X. Questions / More Info
If you have questions or requests involving your data privacy or similar, please contact the us via postal or electronic mail:
Data Protection Officer
University Compliance, Ethics, and Risk
Millican Hall – 3rd Floor
4365 Andromeda Loop N.
Orlando, FL 32816privacy@ucf.edu
XI. Updates to this Privacy Policy
Updates to this Privacy Policy occur periodically; this page was last updated November 13, 2020.
Additional Policy Resources
If you have questions about UCF’s Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at privacy@ucf.edu.
View All UCF Policies
View All UCF Regulations
GDPR Privacy Notices
Alumni & Supporters
Employees & Faculty
Students
Website Users