http://www.ptc.edu/about/legal-disclosures/web-privacy
Legal Disclosures
Audits & Transparency
Non-Discrimination Policy
Security of Student Records
State Licensure Eligibility
Student Consumer InformationStudent Right to Know Information
Title IX Harassment and Sexual Assault InformationFAQs
Harassment and Sexual Assault Reporting Procedures
Title IX Reporting Form
Training and Programs
Victim Assistance
Web Privacy
Web Privacy
The Collection of Personal Information
Unless you provide additional information, Piedmont Technical College (PTC) collects non-personally-identifying information during your visit of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available. PTC collects this information for statistical purposes only.
PTC collects this information in an effort to evaluate the site’s usefulness to visitors. Any electronic information that PTC receives from a website user shall be considered public information, unless otherwise required by law.
If you send an e-mail message to PTC or complete a questionnaire, form, or other online survey found on our website, PTC will maintain the information in accordance with applicable federal law.
PTC may contact you to make you aware of upcoming events, to provide information about an academic program or class, or to provide information about your enrollment status. We will not send notice if you ask to be removed from the official mailing list.
PTC does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors unless required for law enforcement or otherwise required by law.
This site is and is protected by various provisions of Title 18, U.S. Code. Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal prosecution in federal court.
Use of Cookies
Certain PTC webpages may use “cookies,” which are small amounts of information stored by your web browser software on your workstation. The use of cookies is solely for the purpose of allowing the user to interact with our website in an effective manner.
PTC provides access to resources and other information on this website as a public service. Although reasonable efforts have been made to ensure that all electronic information made available is current, complete and accurate, PTC does not warrant or represent that this information is current, complete and accurate. All information is subject to change periodically, without notice.
Online Advertising
PTC uses Google AdWords Remarketing to trigger advertising across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the PTC website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer. The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
How to Opt Out of Remarketing and Advertising: If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.
You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Technical Inaccuracies or Typographical Errors
The information and materials on this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. However, neither the State of South Carolina, the SC Technical College System, or PTC make any representations or warranties with respect to any information, materials, or graphics on this site. This information is provided strictly "as is," without warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever. The State of South Carolina, the SC Technical College System and Piedmont Technical College expressly disclaims all warranties with regard to information, materials or graphics on this website. We expressly disclaim any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Any claim with respect to the materials contained on this website shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of South Carolina.
Under no circumstances shall the State of South Carolina, the SC Technical College System, PTC, its employees, agents, or representatives be liable under any theory of recovery at law or equity for any damages including but not limited to, special, direct, incidental, consequential, punitive arising out of or in any manner connected with the use of information or services or the failure to provide information from this website.
Unless otherwise noted on an individual document, file, web page or other website item, PTC grants users permission to reproduce and distribute all information available on this website for non-commercial purposes and usage, as long as the contents remain unaltered and as long as it is noted that the contents have been made available by PTC.