https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/8183428
Privacy Policy of www.cayuga-cc.edu
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Google AdSense and Google Ad Manager
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics and Google Analytics with anonymized IP
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: address; city; date of birth; email address; first name; gender; last name; phone number; state; ZIP/Postal code
Phone contact
Personal Data: phone number
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: address; city; company name; email address; first name; last name; phone number; state; ZIP/Postal code
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts and Adobe Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Google Maps widget, Google Site Search and YouTube video widget
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Font Awesome
Personal Data: Usage Data
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook Like button and social widgets and Twitter Tweet button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
Mailchimp
Personal Data: address; company name; email address; first name; last name; phone number
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Facebook Custom Audience
Personal Data: Cookies; email address
RSS feed management
Feedburner
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Further information about Personal Data
Links to External Websites
Links from this web site to web sites outside Cayuga Community College are for the convenience of the user. Such links do not constitute an official endorsement or approval of any private sector web site, product, or service.
Disclaimer of Liability
Every effort is made to provide accurate and complete information. However, we cannot guarantee that there will be no errors. Concerning documents and information on this website neither Cayuga Community College, nor their employees and contractors make any warranty, expressed or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose concerning documents available from this web site. Additionally, the State University of New York assumes no legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information or process disclosed herein and do not represent that use of such information or process would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Siteimprove Intelligence Platform
Purpose for Processing the Personal DataSiteimprove is a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company that provides access to Services that scan and analyze our website. The Services consist of a collection of tools for controlling and optimizing website content, improving search engine optimization (SEO), monitoring website performance, and utilizing website analytics data. As such, their services collect and process our website data by crawling the Cayuga website, storing cache copies of the content, analyzing the content, and detailing the results in reports generated on their SaaS platform.The Personal Data that We CollectSiteimprove may collect information that personally identifies our website visitors and individuals whose information appears on our website (“Personal Data”). Personal Data on our website will typically consist of names, postal addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers or any other information on our website which can be directly or indirectly attributed to an individual. Cayuga does not typically post these items on our website, other than a student’s name (e.g. Deans Listing).Siteimprove’s Services are not intended for the collection or processing of any sensitive data (e.g., health or sex life information; racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or religious/ philosophical beliefs; trade-union membership).Methods Used to Collect Personal DataThere are two potential ways in which data is collected:Crawler.Siteimprove’s services utilize web crawlers to scan our website. Web crawlers are computer programs that scan the website, read everything they find, and store that data in Siteimprove’s databases. This information is represented in reports that are subsequently generated through their SaaS platform.Analytics.Analytics requires that you install a JavaScript snippet on the master template of our website so that certain data will be captured. When a page with the JavaScript snippet loads, the script will provide information on the website visitor.Siteimprove also uses cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. A website visitor may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on her or his browser. For more information on cookies and how a website visitor can remove them according to the type of the browser used, refer to www.allaboutcookies.org.
Siteimprove’s cookies are used to help visitors’ use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage, such as when the visitor last visited the site. This information is then used to improve the user experience on the website. This Siteimprove Analytics cookie contains a randomly generated ID used to recognize the browser when a visitor reads a page. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.Siteimprove’s cookies are used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the site. This information can be used to create user journeys and enable visitors to find relevant information for quickly. To ask questions or comment about this Siteimprove’s policies and their privacy practices, contact them at privacy-eu@siteimprove.com (if in the EU/EEA) or privacy@siteimprove.com (everywhere else).
Zoho SalesIQ
Cayuga uses a live chat feature on our website via a third-party - Zoho SalesIQ.You can read their full terms of service here:https://www.zoho.com/salesiq/zoho-salesiq-terms-of-use.htmlYou can also review ZohoIQ privacy policy here:https://www.zoho.com/privacy.htmlUsing Zoho SalesIQ, we can collect details such as Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, time zone and operating system of our website visitors. We can use the information collected to maintain quality of your website, improve visitor engagement and for general statistical purposes.Zoho SalesIQ uses first-party cookies to report visitor interactions on your website. These cookies are small text files stored on your visitors’ devices by their browser. These cookies i) allow you to identify your website visitors and ii) collect the visitor details outlined above. Your visitors can change the settings to block cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent to their devices.Zoho SalesIQ enables us to identify our website visitors as follows:When a visitor on our website submits his/her name or email address using the chat functionality in our website.When a visitor accesses our website using the browser with which such visitor has already logged-in to our website submitting his/her name or email address.Based on the URL parameters when a visitor accesses our website.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Cayuga Community College197 Franklin StreetAuburn, NY 13021
Owner contact email: webmaster@cayuga-cc.edu
Latest update: August 15, 2019
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy