http://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Skip to Programs Navigation
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
We understand that privacy is important to our users. That is why we have adopted the following Privacy Policy regarding collection, use, and sharing of the personal information of this site’s visitors. By using this site you signify that you have read these terms and agree to be bound by and comply with them. Please note, however, that this policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies continue to develop and evolve. These changes may require us to alter our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes will not affect our general commitment to the protection of our visitors’ privacy. We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this page.
General Privacy Policy
You may visit our website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. However, certain transactions in which you choose to engage on this site may require your submission of personal information, including, but not limited to, news feed requests, brochure or video requests, listservs and mailing lists, applications and certain databases.
Sharing Your Information
As a general rule, we will not sell, swap, rent, or otherwise disclose to any third party any such personal information for commercial purposes. We may disclose the information to our employees, consultants, and agents, and those of affiliated entities and organizations, who have a legitimate need to know the information.
Improving User Experience through Anonymous Data Collection and Use
For administration and statistical analysis, UNC’s Kenan-Flagler Business School automatically logs the location of your computer on the Internet, time of visit and type of web browser. We do not use these logs to identify your personal information.
To improve the overall experience of our users and facilitate our online interaction with them, we may gather and analyze data through Google Analytics, social media networks, and other third-parties. This is accomplished using cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. None of the information collected by us is capable of personally identifying you, nor do we associate your IP address with any other data held by us, Google, or others. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of anonymous data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Policy Regarding Children
This website is not intended for use by children. We do not intentionally collect personal, identifying information from children. If you believe that we have personal, identifying information about your child, please notify us immediately so that we may remove it from our databases.
Prohibited Uses
This site may be used for lawful purposes only. You may not it through any means or process. You may not copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any material without express permission.
Security
While no system can provide guaranteed security, we take reasonable efforts to keep information you provide secure. This includes physical security at the location of the server where information is stored.
Neither Kenan-Flagler Business School nor any of its units or affiliates, including the Kenan Institute, requests bank account numbers. If you receive a request for your bank account number from someone who identifies themselves as a representative of the business school or the Kenan Institute, do not provide it. Instead, please contact us at one of the following numbers to protect yourself from fraud. This also alerts us to unlawful use of our organization’s name so that we may take action to address and prevent it.
Kenan Institute Asia: Phone: 662.229.3131, e-mail: kiasia@kiasia.org
Kenan Institute in Chapel Hill, NC: Phone 919.962.8201, e-mail: kenan_institute@unc.edu
Links Outside our Domain
Our website contains links outside our domain. UNC’s Kenan-Flagler Business School is not responsible for the content of those sites.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, its agents and employees affiliates harmless from any claims, losses, or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these terms. Without limitation, you agree to defend us from and against any and all claims, actions or demands brought by or against us with respect to: a) infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property rights; b) defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography or violation of the rights of privacy or publicity, or c) spamming or any other offensive, harassing or illegal conduct or violation of this Agreement. You agree to indemnify us from and against all damages, costs, and fees awarded in favor of third parties, and you will indemnify and hold us harmless against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses and costs resulting from the above claims.
Copyright Ownership and License
The information on this website is the property of The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Copyright Notice Copyright © 1995-2019 by The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for its Kenan-Flagler Business School. All rights reserved.