http://www.studyabroadinternational.com/privacy_policy.html
Study Abroad With IPSA!
IPSA: International Partners For Study Abroad.
Worldwide Consortium of Universities, Colleges and Language Schools.
Home |
About |
Representatives |
Contact Us
Privacy Policy.
IPSA does not rent, sell, or share any of your personal information with 3rd parties.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the IPSA Web site, with its homepage at //www.studyabroadinternational.com
1. What types of personal information does IPSA collect?
1.1. Registration and Inquiry Forms
In order to provide our users with the best possible service, we may ask that our users register with us. IPSA's registration and inquiry forms, including the registration forms for newsletters and email delivered products, require users to provide personal information (such as name and email address) so that we may contact them.
1.2. Application Forms
Our Web site uses secure online application forms to request information, products, and services. We collect personal information (such as name and email addresses, etc.) and financial information (such as account or credit card numbers) in order to process your enrollment and your payment for the program and services booked.
1.3. Online Surveys/Contests
Our online surveys and contests may ask users for personal information (such as name and email addresses). Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. We use personal data from our surveys to send users information about our company and member schools. The user's personal information is also used to contact the user when necessary.
2. How does IPSA use the information it collects?
2.1. We primarily use the personal information we collect to fulfill information requests, process order requests and ensure that you are receiving the best possible access to our services and products. In addition, we may occasionally send you service announcements and information about IPSA service offerings.
2.2. Additionally, you may choose to receive other special offers from IPSA and its partners by checking the box in the Special Offers section on our web site. You may unsubscribe to these offers any time.
3. Partners:
We work closely with partners and member schools to provide our clients with innovative service offerings. Some of your information may be shared by the Partner / Consortium memebr and IPSA.
4. How to limit the use of your personal information
IPSA provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications.
5. Internet Protocol (IP) address and Cookies
5.1. An IP address is used to connect your computer to the Internet. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to assess which products and services best meet your needs. In addition, we use IP addresses to gather non-personally identifiable demographic information about our users.
5.2. We dont't use cookies, excepted on the 'MEMBER PAGES'. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. These pieces of information allow the Web site to remember important information that will make your use of the Web site more useful. Cookies are never accessible by third parties. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so you should look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to some of the features that make your Web experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
6. Links to other Web sites
StudyAbroadInternational.com contains links to other Web sites. IPSA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
7. Public Forums
This Web site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
8. Security
IPSA takes precautions to protect information collected. When you submit personal information to us via the Web site, the information is protected both online and off-line, except for postings by users to Message Boards and Chat Rooms. We use commercially reasonable measures to safeguard personal information once we receive it. However, please be aware that no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be fully secure.
9. Correcting/Updating your information
You can correct or update the information that you previously provided to IPSA by sending a email to admissions@studyabroadinternational.com
10. Contacting IPSA
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us.
11. Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Web site. If, at any point, we decide to use personally identifiable information in any manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users in this Privacy Statement.
Home |
About |
Privacy Policy |
Legal Disclaimer |
Representatives |
Contact Us
Copyright © 2000 - 2008 by IPSA - International Partners for Study Abroad. All rights reserved.