http://www.k-state.edu/usaf/privacy/index.html
Kansas State University
search
Search K-State web, people, directories
Browse A-Z
Sign in
Canvas
OrgCentral
SSC
MyLibrary
KSIS
HRIS
Webmail
Status of ITS resources
Sign in to Connect
K-State home»AFROTC»PrivacyAir Force ROTC
Home
Detachment 270 History
Air Force ROTC History
Prospective Students
Cross-town Schools
Items to Bring
Students Like You
AFROTC FAQs
Incoming Cadets
Scholarship Cadets
Non-Scholarship Cadets
AFROTC Forms
Alumni
Cadre
Lt Col Garrett Hogan
Maj Paul Bozzo
Mrs. Angela Eide
TSgt David Fultz
SSgt Taylor Vann
Mary Jo McHugh
Cadets
Leadership Lab (LLAB)
Physical Training (PT)
Honor Guard
Arnold Air Society (AAS)
Pershing Rifles
Contact Us
Privacy and Security Notice
Kansas State UniversityAFROTC Detachment 270108 General Richard B. Myers Hall1304 N 17th StreetManhattan, KS 66506-2101
785-532-6600785-532-7049 faxafrotc@k-state.edu
Privacy and Security Notice
This Air Force ROTC Detachment 270 Website is provided as a public service by Kansas State University. Information presented on the Detachment 270 Website is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested. Information concerning visitors, use of this site is collected for analytical and statistical purposes, such as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Raw data logs will only be used to identify individual users and their usage habits for authorized law enforcement investigations or national security purposes. These logs are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration Guidelines. Unauthorized attempts to deny service, upload information, change information, or to attempt to access a non-public site from this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under Title 18 of the U.S. Code to include the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to us.
External Disclaimer:
The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the U.S. Air Force or this website, or the information, products, or services contained herein. For other than authorized activities such as military exchanges and morale, welfare and recreation sites, the U.S. Air Force does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this U.S. Air Force Website.
Freedom of Information Act:
The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Program is mandated by Congress and applies to all governmental agencies. The program allows the public to request information pertaining to an agency's functions, practices, and future plans. Anyone may request records under the FOIA. Public disclosure is mandatory unless exempted under Title 5 U.S.C. 552. In accordance with the Electronic Freedom of Information Act Amendments of 1996, agencies have 20 work days to respond to a FOIA request. As a general rule, the Air Force will not deliver unofficial mass mailings addressed to individuals at their duty addresses.
Contact us
Emergency
Statements and disclosures
Accessibility
Kansas State University
Manhattan, KS 66506
785-532-6011
© Kansas State University
Updated: 12/7/18