http://www.kbcc.cuny.edu/registrar/ferpa_policy.html
Annual Notification
Home
Registrar
Annual Notification
NAVIGATE THIS SECTION
Registrar
Academic Calendar
Annual Notification
Class Permission Request Form
College Catalog
Continuing Education
CUNY Common Core/Pathways
Degree Works
e-Permit
e-Permit FAQ
FERPAexpand menu
FERPA Release Form - Permission For Access To Educational Records
Directory  Information Non-Disclosure Form
College Denial Of Appeal For Access To Records
FERPA Appeal To The General Counsel And Vice Chancellor For Legal Affairs
Forms
Grade Change
Graduation FAQ
Graduating This Semester?
How To Register/General Info
Readmission Process
Schedule of Classes
Transcript Requests
Transfer Policies and Procedures
Where Can I Find Help?
Staff
Office of the Registrar
THE CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORKNOTIFICATION OF STUDENT RIGHTSCONCERNING EDUCATION RECORDS AND DIRECTORY INFORMATION
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) gives students certain rights
with respect to their education records.  The FERPA rights of students are:
(1) The right to inspect and review your education records.
Students should submit written requests that identify the specific record(s) they
wish to inspect to the Registrar of the college they attend or attended. If the records
are not maintained by the Registrar, the Registrar will advise you of the correct
official to whom the request should be addressed.
All requests shall be granted or denied in writing (which may be by e-mail) within
45 days of receipt. If the request is granted, you will be notified of the time and
place where the records may be inspected. If the request is denied or not responded
to within 45 days, you may appeal to the college’s FERPA Appeals Officer. Additional
information regarding the appeal procedures will be provided to you if a request is
denied.
(2) The right to request amendment of your education records that you believe are inaccurate,
misleading or otherwise in violation of your privacy rights under FERPA.
You may ask the college to amend a record that you believe is inaccurate, misleading
or otherwise in violation of your privacy rights under FERPA. You should write to
the college official responsible for the record, clearly identify the part of the
record you want changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading.
If the college decides not to amend the record as you request, the college will notify
you of the decision and advise you of your right to a hearing before the college’s
FERPA Appeals Officer regarding the request for amendment. Additional information
regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to you when notified of your right
to a hearing.
(3) The right to consent before the college discloses personally identifiable information
(“PII”) contained in your education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes
disclosure without consent.
One exception which permits disclosure without consent is disclosure to school officials
with legitimate educational interests. A school official is a person employed by the
University in an administrative, supervisory, academic or research, or support staff
position (including law enforcement unit personnel and health staff); a person or
company with whom the college or University has contracted as its agent to provide
a service instead of using University employees or officials; a person serving on
the Board of Trustees; a student serving on an official committee, such as a disciplinary
committee; or an individual assisting another school official in performing his or
her tasks. A school official also includes a contractor, consultant, volunteer or
other party to whom a college or the University has outsourced services or functions
that would be otherwise performed by employees, as well as the State Comptroller and
his or her agents and representatives for the purpose of conducting audits.
A school official has a legitimate educational interest if access is reasonably necessary
in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibilities for the college.
Upon request, the college discloses education records without consent to officials
of another college or school in which a student seeks or intends to enroll or has
enrolled.
(4) The right to appeal the alleged denial of FERPA rights to the
General Counsel and Vice Chancellor for Legal AffairsCity University of New York205 East 42nd StreetNew York, New York 10017
(5) The right to file a complaint with the S. Department of Education concerning alleged
failures by the college to comply with the requirements of FERPA. The name and address
of the Office that administers FERPA are:
Family Policy Compliance OfficeU.S. Department of Education 400 Maryland Avenue, SW Washington, D.C. 20202-5920
Directory Information: The college will make this "directory information" concerning current and former students
available to parties having a legitimate interest in the information: name, attendance
dates (semesters and sessions, not daily records), photograph, 8-digit student ID
number (but only if the identifier cannot be used to gain access to education records
except when used in conjunction with one or more factors that authenticate the user’s
identity), enrollment status (full or part-time, undergraduate or graduate, etc.),
level of education (credits completed), degree enrolled for and major field of study,
participation in official recognized activities and sports (teams), height and weight
(for members of athletic teams only), degrees, honors, and awards received. A current
and former student’s address, email address, and telephone number constitute directory
information but disclosure of this information can only be made to employees of the
University and its constituent colleges for the purpose of conducting legitimate University
business, and it cannot be shared with individuals and organizations outside the University.
By filing a form with the Registrar's Office, you may request that directory information
not be released without your prior written consent. This form is available in the Registrar’s Office and may be filed, withdrawn, or
modified at any time.
Disclosure without prior consent: FERPA permits (and sometimes requires) the disclosure of PII from students’ education
records, without consent, if the disclosure meets certain conditions found in the
FERPA regulations. Except for disclosures to school officials, disclosures related
to some judicial orders or lawfully issued subpoenas, disclosures of directory information,
and disclosures to the student, § 99.32 of FERPA regulations requires the institution
to record the disclosure. Eligible students have a right to inspect and review the
record of disclosures.
In addition to school officials with legitimate educational interests and officials
at certain other schools, the college may, consistent with more detailed guidance
and limitations from FERPA, disclose PII from the education records without obtaining
prior written consent -
To the U. S. Comptroller General, Attorney General, or Secretary of Education.
To certain State and Local educational authorities.
In connection with an audit or evaluation of Federal- or State-supported education
programs, or for the enforcement of or compliance with Federal legal requirements
that relate to those programs.
In connection with financial aid for which the student has applied or which the student
has received, if the information is necessary to determine eligibility for the aid,
the amount of the aid, or the conditions of the aid, or to enforce the terms and conditions
of the aid.
To organizations conducting studies for, or on behalf of, the school, in order to:
(a) develop, validate, or administer predictive tests; (b) administer student aid
programs; or (c) improve instruction.
To accrediting organizations to carry out their accrediting functions.
To the student’s parents if the student is a dependent for IRS tax purposes.
To comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena.
To appropriate officials in connection with a health or safety emergency.
To a victim of an alleged perpetrator of a crime of violence or a non-forcible sex
offense.
To the general public, the final results of a disciplinary proceeding, if the college
determines the student is an alleged perpetrator of a crime of violence or non-forcible
sex offense and has committed a violation of the college’s policies with respect to
these allegations.
To parents of a student under age 21 regarding the student’s violation of any law
or college rule governing the use or possession of alcohol or a controlled substance
if the college determines the student committed a disciplinary violation.
CUNY Office of the General CounselJuly 2019
PDF Version
THE STUDENT’S RIGHT-TO-KNOW AND CAMPUS SECURITY ACT
In accordance with “The Student’s Right-To-Know and Campus Security Act,” the following
are Kingsborough Community College’s graduation rates of first-time full-time degree-seeking
students:
Number of Students Entering in 2014-2015             2418
Number of 2014-2015 Entrants After Three Years
Graduated
675 (28%)
Still Enrolled
297 (12%)
Transferred Without Graduating                                     441 (18%)
IMPORTANT NOTICE OF POSSIBLE CHANGES
The Board of Trustees of the City University of New York reserves the right to make
changes of any nature in the academic programs and requirements of The City University
of New York and its constituent colleges. All programs, requirements, and courses
are subject to termination or change without advance notice. Tuition and fees set
forth in this publication are similarly subject to change by the Board of Trustees
of The City University of New York.