http://www.visioncor.com/terms
Our Solutions
What We Do
Custom Learning Services
Learning Strategy
Instructional Design and Development
eLearning Development
Staff Augmentation
Technical Communications
Training Delivery
Mobile Learning
Our Clients
Our Clients
Project Summaries
Careers
Contact
Terms of UseThe information contained in this Web site is intended for informational purposes only. VisionCor Solutions, Inc. makes no guarantees or warranties, implied or otherwise, regarding use of any information presented on this site.VisionCor Solutions, Inc. provides this Site "as is" without any warranty that this site is free of errors or defects, that the content, data, or information contained in the site or provided through the site is true, accurate, or complete, or that the site and the information are secure. The Company and the site do not offer any warranty that the site will be available, will continue to operate, or will operate without interruption. The Company makes every effort to ensure the security and safety of this site. Users of this site assume any and all risks associated with accessing the internet, including, but not limited to, damage to computer equipment due to spyware, adware, worms and viruses.Users acknowledge that the site may contain links to third party Web sites and that the Company and this site neither control nor endorse the content or information on these other Web sites. Users who visit third party links included on this site do so at their own risk. Privacy PolicyVisionCor Solutions, Inc. does not collect or re-sell user information. Users acknowledge that any information submitted over the internet to the Company via online forms may be subject to interception by third parties. Statistical reporting generated by this site is for internal use only and does not involve setting "cookies" or collecting IP addresses for resale or distribution to third parties.Contact between the user and VisionCor Solutions, Inc. is kept in strictest confidence.
Woman Majority Owned Business©2020 VisionCor Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.                     Contact Us | About VisionCor | Leadership | Careers | Terms of Use | Privacy