https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zksnark.asp
Education
General
Dictionary
Economics
Corporate Finance
Roth IRA
Stocks
Mutual Funds
ETFs
401(k)
Investing/Trading
Investing Essentials
Fundamental Analysis
Portfolio Management
Trading Essentials
Technical Analysis
Risk Management
Markets
News
Company News
Markets News
Trading News
Political News
Trends
Popular Stocks
Apple (AAPL)
Tesla (TSLA)
Amazon (AMZN)
AMD (AMD)
Facebook (FB)
Netflix (NFLX)
Simulator
Simulator
Create an Account
Join a Game
My Simulator
My Game
Create a Game
Your Money
Personal Finance
Wealth Management
Budgeting/Saving
Banking
Credit Cards
Home Ownership
Retirement Planning
Taxes
Insurance
Reviews & Ratings
Best Online Brokers
Best Savings Accounts
Best Home Warranties
Best Credit Cards
Best Personal Loans
Best Student Loans
Best Life Insurance
Best Auto Insurance
Advisors
Your Practice
Practice Management
Continuing Education
Financial Advisor Careers
Investopedia 100
Wealth Management
Portfolio Construction
Financial Planning
Academy
Popular Courses
Investing for Beginners
Become a Day Trader
Trading for Beginners
Technical Analysis
Courses by Topic
All Courses
Trading Courses
Investing Courses
Financial Professional Courses
Submit
Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
Buying & Selling
Initial Coin Offerings
Blockchain
Cryptocurrency
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
What Is zk-SNARK?
Zk-SNARK is an acronym that stands for “Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge.” A zk-SNARK is a proof that allows one party to prove it possesses certain information without revealing that information. This proof is made possible using a secret key created before the transaction takes place.
Key Takeaways
Zk-SNARK is an acronym that stands for "Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge."The proof, which was first developed from a "zero-knowledge proof" introduced in the late 1980s, was employed by Zcash to solve a perceived anonymity problem with Bitcoin-type blockchains.Zk-SNARK proofs rely on an initial "trust system" setup that has been critiqued as an inherent security flaw.
Understanding zk-SNARK
For many original members of the cryptocurrency community—primarily the bitcoin community—privacy was an assumed aim and feature of cryptocurrencies. However, privacy was always a second-order concern, given cryptocurrency's need to create a "trustless" system of guaranteeing the integrity of electronic currency and digital transactions.
In the early 2010s, bitcoin users sometimes assumed that their transactions were anonymous because their offline identities weren't associated with users' public keys. But through the end of the decade, coordinated efforts by data scientists, hackers, and law enforcement proved that it is not only possible but relatively easy to re-identify people who had given pseudonymous data to multiple sources.
Because of the perceived lack of privacy of some of the original cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, developers started working on privacy-focused coins. The most prominent of these was zcash, backed by a technology known as zk-SNARKs.
Zero-Knowledge Proof
A zk-SNARK ("zero-knowledge succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge") utilizes a concept known as a "zero-knowledge proof." The idea behind these proofs was first developed in the 1980s. Put simply, a zero-knowledge proof is a situation in which each of two parties in a transaction is able to verify to each other that they have a particular set of information, while at the same time not revealing what that information is.
For most other types of proof, at least one of the two parties must have access to all of the information. A traditional proof can be compared to a password used to access an online network. The user submits the password, and the network itself checks the contents of the password to verify that it is correct. In order to do this, the network must also have access to the contents of the password.
A zero-knowledge proof version of this situation would involve the user demonstrating to the network (via mathematical proof) that they have the correct password without actually revealing the password itself. The privacy and security advantages in this situation are clear: If the network does not have the password stored somewhere for verification purposes, the password cannot be stolen.
The mathematical basis of zk-SNARKS is complex. Nonetheless, proofs of this type allow one party to demonstrate not only that a particular bit of information exists, but also that the party in question has awareness of that information. In the case of zcash, zk-SNARKs can be verified nearly instantly, and the protocol does not require any interaction between the prover and the verifier.
Criticism of zk-SNARKs
There are, of course, concerns related to zk-SNARKs. For instance, if someone was able to access the private key that was used to create the parameters of the proof protocol, they could create false proofs that nonetheless looked valid to verifiers. This would allow that person to create new tokens of zcash through a counterfeiting process. In order to prevent this from happening, zcash was designed in such a way as to make the proving protocols elaborate and spread out over multiple parties.
While the construction of the zcash proving process was completed in such a way as to minimize the possibility of counterfeiting tokens via false proofs, there is at least one other concern related to the cryptocurrency as well. Zcash was created with a 20% "tax" levied on all blocks created over the first several years of the token. This tax is known as the "founder's tax," and it is used to compensate the developers of the cryptocurrency.
Critics have suggested that the founders could potentially use this facet of the system to create an infinite number of zcash tokens without anyone else being aware of the existence of those tokens. For that reason, it's not entirely possible to know the exact number of zcash tokens in existence at this point.
Since 2019, some developers have been working to improve zk-SNARKs by removing the trusted set up. A team called Suterusu has developed a system called zK-ConSNARK that claims to be operable without a trusted set up, can provide privacy protection for mainstream blockchains like Bitcoin, and has the lowest inflation for any extant cryptocurrency.
Take the Next Step to Invest
Advertiser Disclosure
×
The offers that appear in this table are from partnerships from which Investopedia receives compensation.
Service
Name
Description
Related Terms
What Is ZCash?
ZCash is a cryptocurrency with a decentralized blockchain that provides anonymity for its users and their transactions.
more
Blockchain Explained
A guide to help you understand what blockchain is and how it can be used by industries. You've probably encountered a definition like this: “blockchain is a distributed, decentralized, public ledger." But blockchain is easier to understand than it sounds.
more
What Is a Blockchain Wallet?
A blockchain wallet is a digital wallet that enables users to manage the cryptocurrencies bitcoin and ether.
more
Cryptocurrency
A cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography and is difficult to counterfeit because of this security feature.
more
Bitcoin
Bitcoin is a digital or virtual currency created in 2009 that uses peer-to-peer technology to facilitate instant payments. It follows the ideas set out in a whitepaper by the mysterious Satoshi Nakamoto, whose true identity has yet to be verified.
more
What is Namecoin?
Namecoin aims to "[free] DNS, identities, and other technology" related to the infrastructure of the Internet.
more
Partner Links
Related Articles
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
What Is Zcash?
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
What Is the Byzantium Hard Fork In Ethereum?
Bitcoin
How Does Bitcoin Mining Work?
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
What Does Government Regulation Mean for Privacy-Focused Cryptocurrencies?
Bitcoin
How Bitcoin Works
Cryptocurrency Strategy & Education
All About NEM (XEM), the Harvested Cryptocurrency
About Us
Terms of Use
Dictionary
Editorial Policy
Advertise
News
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
California Privacy Notice
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Investopedia is part of the Dotdash publishing family.