https://www.cowley.edu/about/legal.html
Apply
Enroll
About Us
AQIP
AQIP at Cowley
Action Projects
Cowley Action Team
KBOR Performance
Right to Know
Strategic Plan
Systems Portfolio
President's Message
Tell it to the President
Board of Trustees
Minutes Archives
Member Archives
Community Development
Giving Back
Master Plan
Facts & Figures
Assessment & Support
Mission & Values
Policies & Procedures
Dept. of Ed Regulations
History
Contact Us
Faculty & Staff
Phone & Email Directory
Hours of Operation
Building Addresses
Employment
Employee Benefits
Campus Security
About Cowley
Accreditation, Legal Notices, and Terms of Use
Cowley County Community College and Area
Vocational-Technical School is fully accredited by the Higher Learning
Commission and by the Kansas Board of Regents (KBOR).
Higher Learning
Commission
230 South
LaSalle Street, Suite 7-500
Chicago, IL 60604
800.621.7440
For more information, email Cowley College at accreditation@cowley.edu.
In addition, individual programs are accredited by associated professional organizations.
The Automotive
Service Technology program is accredited by the National Automotive Technicians
Education Foundation (NATEF) for both secondary and post-secondary students and
is an educational member with the Automotive Service Association (ASA).
Cosmetology is
accredited by the Kansas Board of Cosmetology.
The Cowley College Paramedic Program is accredited by the
Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (www.caahep.org) upon the recommendation of the
Committee on Accreditation of Educational Programs for the Emergency Medical
Services Professions (CoAEMSP).
Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education
Programs
1361 Park Street
Clearwater, FL 33756
727-210-2350
www.caahep.org
To contact CoAEMSP:
8301 Lakeview Parkway Suite 111-312
Rowlett, TX 75088
214-703-8445
FAX 214-703-8992
www.coaemsp.org
The College is a member in good standing of the
Kansas Association of Community Colleges, the Council of North Central
Junior Colleges and the American Association of Community and Junior
Colleges.
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Cowley
County Community College and Area Vocational-Technical School is dedicated to
providing equal opportunities to all individuals regardless of race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual
orientation, genetic information, marital status, political affiliation or
other legally protected category.
The
college will provide all qualified individuals reasonable accommodations in the
work and educational environment and ensure equal access to all College
programs, activities and facilities.
The
College does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or
employment on the basis of any factor outlined above or prohibited under
applicable law.
This prohibition against discrimination applies to College
employees, students, contractors, or agents of the College and to anyone
participating in a College-sponsored event or activity. Inquiries concerning
the college's compliance with its non-discrimination policies may be referred
to the Executive Director for Student Affairs or the Director of Human
Resources at 125 S Second St, Arkansas City, KS  67005 or by calling
620-442-0430.
Title IX Compliance
Students, their parents and employees
of Cowley are hereby notified that the college does not discriminate
on the basis of sex and is required by Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972 not to discriminate on the basis of sex in
its educational activities and employment practices. Any person
having inquiries concerning Cowley's compliance with Title IX
is directed to contact the Executive Director for Student Affairs,
Cowley College, 125 S. Second St., Arkansas City, KS 67005, who has
been designated by the college to coordinate the institution's efforts
to comply with Title IX.
FERPA
Cowley County Community College and Area
Vocational-Technical School complies with the Family Educational Rights
and Privacy Act (FERPA), which prohibits the release of education records
without student permission.
Web Sites Terms of Use
The mission of Cowley College’s web sites is to make information and services
available to Cowley’s prospective students, current students, alumni, faculty,
staff, administration and surrounding communities. The use of the information
on the Cowley College web sites or the use of the computer and network facilities
owned by Cowley College is based in good faith that you will use Cowley College’s
web sites for the purpose intended.
Use or reproduction of the images, information or materials
on Cowley College’s web site, for any purpose not expressly intended,
is prohibited. Written permission from the Cowley College Director
of Web Services is required before use of Cowley College logos or other
collateral is authorized. Cowley College reserves the right, in its
sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of Cowley
College’s web sites, with or without notice.
The views and opinions expressed by students, faculty and staff on
editorial pages does not necessarily reflect the views of Cowley
College. Cowley
is not responsible for contents on links to non-Cowley College
web sites.
Web Privacy Statement
Unless permission is denied on the Admissions
Application, it is a condition of enrollment that Cowley College has
permission to use directory information, student identification photograph,
and any appropriate photograph of a student or groups of students for
the purpose of institutional research, student verification, and/or marketing.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a
site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through
your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers
systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies for our Google Remarketing Campaigns that use Google
Analytics data. We use first-party cookies
(such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as Google
advertising cookies) for our Google Remarketing Campaigns.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie
is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser
settings. You can also opt-out of having data on your website visits used in
Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise
transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does
not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to
keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when
we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However,
non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other
parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Disclaimers
The information on Cowley College’s web site does not constitute
a contract. Cowley College has made every effort to determine that
information on our web sites are accurate at the time of posting.
However, the College reserves the right to change, modify or alter
without notice all fees, charges, tuition, expenses and costs of
any kind, policy and procedure changes, and the College reserves
the right to add or delete, without notice, any course offering or
information listed in Cowley College’s web sites.
Social Networking Policy for Public Use
Access to the college’s social networking pages may be
terminated if a user uploads or otherwise makes directly accessible content
which infringes on any other party’s copyrights or intellectual property, is
considered offensive, off topic, spam, a personal attack, threatening,
derogatory, non-constructive, political or religious in nature. This includes
text, links, photos and images. The content will be removed upon discovery and
users will be warned. Cowley College may remove repeat offenders’ access to the
Cowley College’s social networking sites.
No confidential or personal information should be shared on
social networking sites and will be removed upon discovery by the Cowley
College. Examples of personal private information are date of birth, address
and Social Security number.
Cowley College does not endorse any comments made by its
faculty or staff, unless they are an authorized representative of the college.
All statements and viewpoints expressed in the comments are strictly those of
the commenter alone, and do not constitute an official position of Cowley
College unless they are posted by an authorized representative of the college
acting in their official capacity. Employees of the college must identify
themselves in all posts. This fact may be material to other readers.
Security
Unauthorized attempts to access privileged
data is strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer
Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. § 1001 note) and the National
Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. § 1030).
Law enforcement officials may be contacted in the event of possible violations.
Restrictions on Use and Access
While
most of Cowley College’s web site is public and unrestricted
viewing is allowed, there are certain areas that are password protected
and are to be viewed only by current employees of Cowley College.
Those areas include the Cowley College Intranet and Faculty Access.
Unauthorized attempts to access privileged data is strictly prohibited
and may be punishable by law.
/ Legal Notices / Non-Discrimination Notice / Title IX
Copyright © Cowley College.
Cowley College uses cookies on this site. By using our site, you agree to Cowley College's privacy policy.