http://www.nace.co.uk/privacy
NACE
My Profile | Contact Us | Print Page | Sign In | Register
Toggle navigationMENUAbout About NACEMembershipFAQsNACE peopleGovernancePartnersWork with usConsultancyCPD CalendarCoursesBespoke CPDSCITT supportR&D HubsMember meetupsLeadership Conference 2020NACE Challenge Challenge Development ProgrammeChallenge FrameworkChallenge AwardChallenge CPD and consultancyChallenge FAQsChallenge Framework ordersChallenge Award applicationsChallenge Hub (login required)Challenge and coronavirus: Q&AMembers' area Get startedMember offersForumsCoronavirus HubResources Curriculum Audit ToolNACE EssentialsLeadership and governanceSubject-specific resourcesTemplates and checklistsCase studiesWebinarsResearch and reportsPostersNACE InsightNewsfeedNACE Challenge resourcesSample resourcesNewsBlog Search by keyword
Privacy policy
1 CONTENTS
2 Introduction
3 Security
4 Data we hold
4.1. Purpose
4.1.1. Why do we process data?
4.1.2. What data is processed?
4.1.3. How long do we hold data for?
4.2 Our employees
4.2.1 Applicants
5 Website users
5.1 Cookies
6 Sharing personal data
7 Locations of processing
8 Individuals’ rights
9 Complaints
10 Data controller and contact information
11 Changes to our privacy policy
2 INTRODUCTION
NACE (“we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting the personal data we hold. This privacy statement describes why and how we collect and use personal data and provides information about individuals’ rights. It applies to personal data provided to us, by individuals themselves or by others. We may use personal data provided to us for the purposes described in this privacy statement or as made clear before collecting personal data.
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable living person. When collecting and using personal data, our policy is to be transparent about why and how we process personal data.
We process personal data for numerous purposes, and the means of collection, lawful basis of processing, use, disclosure, and retention periods for each purpose are set out in the relevant sections below.The personal data provided to us is provided either directly from the individual concerned, from a third party acting on behalf of an individual, or from industry available sources (such as Schools Mailing).Where we receive personal data that relates to an individual from a third party, we request that this third party inform the individual of the necessary information regarding the use of their data. Where necessary, reference may be made to this privacy statement.
3 SECURITY
We take the security of all the data we hold seriously. Staff are trained on data protection, confidentiality and security.We have a framework of policies and procedures which ensure we regularly review the appropriateness of the measures we have in place to keep the data we hold secure.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
4 DATA WE HOLD
4.1 Purpose
We provide services to both individuals and organisations. The exact data held will depend on the services to be provided.Where we engage with individuals, we may collect and process personal data to satisfy a contractual or operational obligation. We request that individuals only provide the personal data required for us to fulfil our contractual or operational obligation.
4.1.1 Why do we process data?
Where data is collected for professional services, it is used for the following purposes:
Providing services to individuals and organisations. Data is processed in accordance with the purpose for which we have collected it; this may sometimes be further clarified in written documentation supplied before data processing. We provide a range of services, including consultancy, events and school accreditation.
Individual needs. When communicating with and assessing the needs of our clients, personal data may be processed in order to ensure that clients’ needs are appropriately satisfied. This may include assessing whether services provided to our clients are appropriate.
Administration. In order to manage and administer our business and services, we may collect and process personal data. This may include (but is not limited to) maintaining internal business records, managing client relationships, hosting events, and maintaining internal operating processes.
Regulatory. We may on occasion be required to collect and process personal data in order to fulfil regulatory, legal or ethical requirements. This may include (but is not limited to) the verification of individuals’ identities.
4.1.2 What data is processed?
The data that is processed is dependent on the service being provided and on the recipient of this service. Personal data processed by NACE may include contact details, photographs, videos and any other specifically relevant data.
4.1.3 How long do we hold data for?
We retain the personal data processed by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected. There may also be occasions which will require data to be kept for longer; this will typically be for legal purposes.
We will retain membership data for two years after the membership has lapsed.
We will retain personal data relating to events for two years after the event took place.
If an organisation has gained NACE Challenge Award accreditation, we will hold related data for five years after the accreditation has lapsed.
If we currently work with an organisation, or have done so in the past, we will continue to hold the name of the organisation and its generic contact details. However, contact details which identify individuals within the organisation will only be held for as long as necessary.
4.2 OUR EMPLOYEES
We collect personal data relating to our employees as part of the administration, management and promotion of our business activities.
Our staff handbook further explains how we hold and process employees’ personal data.
4.2.1 Applicants
Where an individual is applying to work for NACE, personal data is collected through the application process.
We have a Recruitment Privacy Policy which we issue to applicants to inform them of the use of their personal data.
Personal data for applicants may be collected for the following purposes:
Employment. We process an applicant’s personal data to assess their potential employment at NACE.
Administration and management. We may also use this personal data to make informed management decisions and for administration purposes.
Personal data collected for applicants is held for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, or for a maximum of one year where those purposes no longer apply.
5 WEBSITE USERS
Personal data is collected when individuals fill in forms on our website and/or correspond with us by phone, email, post or otherwise. This includes information provided when an individual submits a membership application, information request, contact details update form or event registration.
Data collected and stored on our website is kept for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (see 4.1.3 for more details).
Our website is managed by YourMembership.com, Inc. (YM). YM uses information submitted and stored on the website to provide services to NACE and our website users. For more information, view the YM privacy policy.
5.1 Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish users from others. This helps us to provide a good user experience and allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on a user’s browser or computer hard drive if the user agrees. Cookies contain information that is transferred to the computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Account-related cookies
If you create an account with us, then we will use cookies for the management of the sign-up process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out; however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login-related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Orders processing-related cookies
Our site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Forms-related cookies
When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages or event registration forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third-party cookies
We use Google Analytics to help us to understand how users navigate our website and how we can make improvements. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages you visit so we can ensure our site is useful and user-friendly.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
7 LOCATIONS OF PROCESSING
Where possible, personal data resides within the UK territory but may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
8 INDIVIDUALS' RIGHTS
Individuals have certain rights over their personal data and data controllers are responsible for fulfilling these rights as follows:
Individuals may request access to their personal data held by us as a data controller.
Individuals may request us to rectify personal data submitted to us or, where appropriate, contact us via the relevant website registration page or by amending the personal details held on relevant applications with which they registered.
Individuals may request that we erase their personal data.
Where we process personal data based on consent, individuals may withdraw their consent at any time by contacting us or clicking on the unsubscribe link in an email received from us.
Individuals may have other rights to restrict or object to our processing of personal data and the right to data portability.
Individuals may request information about, or human intervention into, any automated data processing that we may undertake.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please send an email to data@nace.co.uk.
9 COMPLAINTS
We hope that you won’t ever need to, but if you do want to complain about our use of personal data, please send an email with the details of your complaint to data@nace.co.uk. We will look into and respond to any complaints we receive.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). For further information about your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the ICO website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns.
10 DATA CONTROLLER AND CONTACT INFORMATION
The data controller for NACE is NACE.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or how and why we process personal data, please contact us at:
National Association for Able Children in Education
Horticulture House
Manor Court
Chilton
Didcot
OX11 0RN
11 CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Updates to this privacy policy will appear on this webpage.
This privacy policy was last updated on 5 August 2019.
Sign In
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
27/08/2020Beyond the “recovery curriculum”: free resource pack for schools
08/06/2020Free webinar: develop your approach to digital learning
Calendar
more
24/09/2020 » 10/12/2020New to leading on policy and practice for more able learners14/10/2020Challenging more able learners: a practical introduction for your school (Dubai)
Featured Members
Haybridge High School
Newest Members
K. TheobaldL. PowellA. ChuteM. SoperC. EckersleyK. SmithK. MorelandH. DavisB. ParkerS. OwenC. HallD. BolamD. HemlockS. TaylorT. ShortT. WilliamsA. SalisburyC. ShuttleworthC. EdwardsH. CorriganA. RutterR. WarringtonK. FlemingK. FennellC. HartS. StringerK. NijjarK. GarrodS. BeaumontE. Kinsella
Online Surveys
About us
About NACE
Membership
FAQs
Our partners
Work with us
Members
Log in
Resources
R&D Hubs
Meetups
Webinars
NACE Challenge
Introduction
Challenge Framework
Challenge Award
Challenge FAQs
Challenge Hub
Quick links
Join NACE
Book an event
Bespoke CPD
Consultancy
Privacy policy
Contact us
NACE
Horticulture House, Manor Court
Didcot OX11 0RN
+44 (0)1235 425000
Free Updates
Subscribe for free email updates
Sign up
Registered charity no: 1125907 Company no: 06604325
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny