http://www.mghihp.edu/campus-and-community-life/fire-drill-policies-procedures
Skip to main content
PEBT
A- A A+
add this page
Add
Fire Drill Policies & Procedures
Overview
Yearly, the Institute will solicit volunteers for the position of Fire Marshal/representatives for campus buildings  34, 36, and 39. These volunteers will provide a back-up for their positions, as alternates, to ensure a Fire Marshal (or representative) is present at all times.
Fire Marshals/representatives are required to attend an annual training class provided by CB Richard Ellis, Inc. Management.
For 2CW the MGH Police and Security Officer and on-site faculty will supervise the evacuation of Institute space.
Fire Emergency Procedures, developed by CB Richard Ellis, Inc. Management, are below.
Fire or Smoke Detection
When fire or smoke is detected, the following procedures should be observed:
Call 9-911
Pull fire pull-stations immediately (Please become familiar with locations.)
When safe to do so, also call the the Security Desk 6-5400
During a Fire Alarm Condition
Do not use the elevators
Use Stairwells Only
Do not use Restrooms as Areas of Refuge
Everyone must leave the Building – all floors
Upon Alarm Activation
All Buildings
Evacuate the premises immediately using the closest stairwell to your location, or the stairwell that you are directed to use.
Become familiar with location of stairwells by reviewing the diagram next to the elevators when you are in the building. All stairwells exit at ground level.
Exit signs are located in all corridors throughout the building and are equipped with battery back-up.
Remember to close doors.
Fire Marshalls/representatives are appointed for each floor of buildings 34, 36, and 39 and will supervise the evacuation of their assigned areas, including stairwells, restrooms and other designated areas. Fire Marshalls are required to wear red caps to be easily identified.
For 2CW the MGH Police and Security Officer and on-site faculty will supervise the evacuation of Institute space.
Refuge for handicapped individuals (this also applies to handicapped visitors and those temporarily handicapped, i.e., on crutches due to sprained ankle)
Handicapped individuals who are unable to exit unassisted must take refuge in a stairwell landing. A Fire Marshal or Institute representative will notify the Fire Department of the location so assistance can be provided.
Upon arrival, the fire department will be in charge of the buildings and the occupants.
Building 36 specifics:
All faculty are to keep a class list with them while teaching. Use this list to account for your students. Decide at the beginning of the semester where your class will meet outside of the building.
All occupants of the building should gather on the park-side of the building, at least 20 feet away from the premises. The Fire Department prefers people not gather at the street side of the building because of interference with fire and police traffic and vehicles.
Await instructions from Fire Marshals for re-entry into buildings.
Buildings 34, 38, & 39 specifics:
All occupants of Institute space should gather on the back-side of the building, at least 20 feet away from the premises. The Fire Department prefers people not gather at the street side of the building because of interference with fire and police traffic and vehicles.
Await instructions from Fire Marshals for re-entry into buildings.
View the Building 38 evacuation plan.
Two Constitution Wharf (2CW) specifics:
All students should gather on the side of the building (closest to 1CC, across the parking lot) at least 20 feet away from the premises. The Fire Department prefers people not gather at the street side of the building because of interference with fire and police traffic and vehicles.
Await instructions from Building Superintendent and MGH Police and Security for re-entry into the building.
Back to Top