http://www.elearners.com/help/terms-of-use.asp
Terms of Use | eLearners
Skip to main content
Online DegreesAll SubjectsBusinessCriminal Justice & LegalEducationFine Arts & DesignHealth & NursingLiberal Arts & HumanitiesMath, Science & EngineeringPublic Affairs & Social SciencesReligious StudiesTechnologyPopular DegreesAccounting DegreesBusiness AdministrationEarly Childhood Education DegreesCriminal Justice DegreesNursing DegreesPsychology DegreesVideo Game Design DegreesOnline CertificatesMicroMastersOnline CollegesEducation Resources
Home Terms of Use
Terms of Use
General InformationPlease read these Terms of Use carefully as they govern your use of this site and create a legal agreement between you and eLearners.com, a part of the Student Prospecting Division of EducationDynamics, LLC ("eLearners"). From time to time, these Terms of Use may be updated or modified by eLearners. Accordingly, eLearners recommends that you bookmark this page, visit regularly, and note any and all changes thereto. If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this site.PrivacyThese Terms of Use include eLearners.com's privacy policy, located at /help/privacy.asp, which is incorporated here by reference and, therefore, also governs your visit to the site.Intellectual PropertyAll material on or available through this site, including text, images, data, and illustrations, (collectively, the "Material") is protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws, and is owned, controlled, or licensed by eLearners.com. UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING THE MATERIAL, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IS PROHIBITED. Provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use, eLearners grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to visit, view, and retain a copy of pages of this site for your own personal, non-commercial use only. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, create derivative works from, license or sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer this license or any of the Material or any information, material, software, products or services from this site. You may not link to or frame the Material, the site, or any portion thereof, for any purpose unless specifically authorized in writing by eLearners, provided that nothing herein grants you any license, express or implied, to use any of eLearners's federal or common-law trademarks except as such trademarks may be embedded in the link itself. Moreover, you may not visit or use the site to appropriate eLearners's trademarks or tradedress and/or to copy or imitate the "look and feel" of the site, or any portions thereof, for any reason.Access and InterferenceYou will not use any robot, spider, crawling, scraping, or other automated device, process, or means to access this site. Nor will you use any manual process to monitor or copy the site or the content contained thereon for any unauthorized purpose without eLearners's prior written permission. You will not use any device, software, routine, or take any action that interferes with the proper working of the site.Partner Sites and Third-Party SiteseLearners partners with a range of other sites by sharing its site content in the form of a co-branded education portal section of the partner's site.The content and data of the Co-Branded Sites are stored on eLearners's servers, and the Co-Branded Sites are covered by this Terms of Use.Notwithstanding the foregoing, for your convenience, this site may reference or link to other third-party sites throughout the Web ("Third-Party Sites"). eLearners has no control over Third-Party Sites or the content within them. Accordingly, eLearners cannot guarantee, represent, or warrant that the content contained on such Third-Party Sites is accurate, legal, and/or inoffensive. These Terms of Use do not extend to your use of Third-Party Sites, and your use of Third-Party Sites is solely at your own risk.By using the eLearners.com site to search for or link to Third-Party Sites, you understand and agree that you may not make any claim against eLearners for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the eLearners.com's site to obtain search results or to link to Third-Party Sites.Suspected Violation of these Terms of UseViolations of these Terms of Use, including unauthorized use of this site, may be investigated and appropriate legal action may be taken, including civil, criminal and injunctive redress. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to eLearners for violations of these Terms of Use and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. You understand and agree that in eLearners's sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever, or for no reason, and without prior notice, eLearners may terminate your access to the site.Forums and Public CommunicationFor your convenience, eLearners may offer discussion forums and blog opportunities ("Forums") where you and other users can submit content for public viewing ("Forum Content") to facilitate your socializing and networking with others interested in distance or online learning. You agree that all Forum Content is the sole responsibility of the individual or entity from whom such Forum Content originated. This means that you (and not eLearners) are entirely responsible for all Forum Content that you submit via the Forum or elsewhere on the site. eLearners does not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, integrity, or quality of Forum Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to Forum Content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Under no circumstances will eLearners be liable in any way for any Forum Content, including any errors or omissions in any Forum Content or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Forum Content submitted via this site.Registration and Account SecurityYou represent and warrant that the registration information you provide to eLearners is and will remain true and accurate. You are solely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify eLearners of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security with regard to your use of the site of which you become aware.Your Participation in the ForumsYou agree that you will not use a Forum or this site to submit or otherwise make available Forum Content that:Is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, racially or otherwise hateful, or otherwise objectionable;B. Harms minors;C. Impersonates any person or entity or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;Conflicts with any obligations you have under law including under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under non-disclosure agreements);Infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade-secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party;Constitutes or contains unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of unauthorized solicitation;Constitutes or contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;Interferes with or disrupts the site, related services, or servers or networks connected thereto or disobeys any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to this site or related services;Violates any applicable local, state, national, or international law or any regulations having the force of law;Is used to stalk or otherwise harass another.Forum Content Posted to ForumsYou acknowledge that eLearners may or may not pre-screen Forum Content, but that eLearners will have the right in its sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever (or for no reason) to pre-screen, refuse, move, or remove any Forum Content that is available via the site. Without limiting the foregoing, eLearners may remove any Forum Content that violates the Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable in eLearners's sole discretion.eLearners asserts no ownership rights over the Forum Content you post, transmit, or otherwise make available for inclusion on the Forums or elsewhere on the site. With respect to such Forum Content, however, you grant eLearners a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use such Forum Content on the Forums, anywhere on the site, or elsewhere and in any media for the purpose of providing, promoting, or advertising the site and related services; such license will survive the termination, for any reason, of these Terms of Use.DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice")Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or — if multiple works are covered by this Notice — you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.Identify the material or link you claim is infringing and provide a description of where the infringing work is located on the site.Provide your mailing address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address.Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:I hereby state that I have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., fair use).I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.Claims of InfringementeLearners respects the intellectual property of others and requires that you do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office site at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, eLearners will respond expeditiously to notices of alleged copyright infringement that are duly reported to its Designated Copyright Agent identified in the notice below. eLearners will disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers. If you believe your content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide eLearners's Copyright Agent the following information:Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to eLearners at:Compliance Department, c/o EducationDynamics, LLC, 111 River Street, 10th Floor, Hoboken NJ 07030While eLearners considers all such notices seriously, you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that content or activity is infringing. For example, one decision ordered a company that sent infringement notification seeking removal of online materials that were protected by copyright's fair use doctrine to pay such costs and attorneys' feels the company agreed to settle the matter at over $100,000. For more information, please see http://www.onlinepolicy.org/action/legpolicy/opg_v_diebold/. Accordingly, if you are uncertain whether material infringes your copyrights (including whether use of copyrighted material may constitute fair use) you may wish to seek the advice of an attorney.General LegalWarranty DisclaimersYOUR USE AND BROWSING OF THIS SITE AND THE CO-BRANDED SITES ARE SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE, AND EVERYTHING ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE MATERIALS AND THE CO-BRANDED SITES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. ELEARNERS.COM, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS, SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITATION, ELEARNERS, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE, OR ITS SERVER ARE OR WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, ELEARNERS, ITS AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE OR ON ANY CO-BRANDED SITE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.IndemnificationYou will defend, indemnify, and hold eLearners, its affiliates and agents harmless from: (i) your use of and access of the site; (ii) your violation of any of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third-party right including any copyright, trademark, tradedress, trade secret, or privacy right of content available on the site. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Use and your use of the site.Limitation of LiabilityIN NO EVENT WILL ELEARNERS OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS THEREIN INCLUDING ANY CO-BRANDED SITE, WHETHER IN A CONTRACT ACTION OR BASED ON NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT ACTION, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF ELEARNERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL ELEARNERS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, IN ACCESSING THIS SITE.TerminationThe Terms of Use and/or site may be terminated by eLearners for any reason (or for no reason) at any time without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the site and all limitations on eLearners' liability regarding your use of the site and any Forum Content you post will survive.GeneralThese Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey without respect to its conflict of laws provision. Any claim or dispute between you and eLearners that arises in whole or in part from this site will be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Hoboken, New Jersey. Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of these Terms of Use, including without limitation this paragraph and the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions above. eLearners has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this site, but makes no representation that Materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of this site may violate any legal requirements and you agree not to access this site in any such jurisdiction. You are responsible for compliance with applicable laws. Any use in contravention of this provision or any provision of these Terms of Use is at your own risk. These Terms of Use, together with the privacy policy and any other legal notice published by eLearners on this site constitute the entire agreement between you and eLearners concerning this site. If any provision of these Terms of Use are deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use shall govern such use. eLearners' failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.Contact eLearnersIf you have questions, please contact eLearners at info@educationdynamics.com. Please include the words, "Terms of Use" in the subject line of your e-mail.
Help SectionAbout UsLearn more about the eLearners affiliate programLegal NoticesPrivacy PolicyCA Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSite MapFAQs about eLearners.com Newsletter Signup Your Name *
Your Email Address * Submit By entering my email address and clicking "Subscribe" I agree to be contacted by eLearners, EducationDynamics, and preferred third-party partners of eLearners for additional education products and services. Popular Topics:Online DegreesCertificatesOnline Colleges Online Degrees By LevelOnline Associates DegreeOnline Bachelors DegreeOnline Masters ProgramsOnline PhD Programs About eLearners:About UsAffiliate ProgramSite MapFAQ Follow eLearners:         By entering my email address and clicking "Subscribe" I agree to be contacted by eLearners, EducationDynamics, and preferred third-party partners of eLearners for additional education products and services. Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Legal Notice | Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CA and NV residents)Copyright eLearners.com 1999 - 2020EducationDynamics receives compensation for the featured schools on our websites (see “Sponsored Schools” or “Sponsored Listings” or “Sponsored Results”). So what does this mean for you?Compensation may impact where the Sponsored Schools appear on our websites, including whether they appear as a match through our education matching services tool, the order in which they appear in a listing, and/or their ranking. Our websites do not provide, nor are they intended to provide, a comprehensive list of all schools (a) in the United States (b) located in a specific geographic area or (c) that offer a particular program of study. By providing information or agreeing to be contacted by a Sponsored School, you are in no way obligated to apply to or enroll with the school.This is an offer for educational opportunities that may lead to employment and not an offer for nor a guarantee of employment. Students should consult with a representative from the school they select to learn more about career opportunities in that field. Program outcomes vary according to each institution’s specific program curriculum. Financial aid may be available to those who qualify. The information on this page is for informational and research purposes only and is not an assurance of financial aid.
Find Schools