http://www.mcc.cc.ms.us/about_mcc/policies_and_procedures/refund_policy/index.html
Home
About MCC
Policies and Procedures
Refund Policy
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation Directory Links
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Tour MCC Campus
Not sure yet? Visit our campus and imagine yourself as a student here. Tour the campus
with a college recruiter and explore the possibilities.
SCHEDULE TOUR
Refund Policy
Prior to the first class day, a 100% refund will be given.
Class length in weeks
4 weeks or less4 to 10 weeks11 to 17 weeks
Refund at the end of 1st week
No refund 100%100%
Refund at end of the 2nd week
No refund50%75%
Refund at the end of 3rd week
No refundNo refund50%
It is the student's responsibility to officially withdraw from any and all courses.
Refunds of fees are computed  according to the instructor's recorded last date of
class attendance. Attendance in an on line course is measured by active participation
in the course (i.e., submission of weekly assignment). Any claims disputing actual
class attendance and requests for exceptions because of extenuating circumstances
must be submitted in writing to the business office within 90 days after the end of
the semester of withdrawal. Any exception to this policy must be  approved by an administrative
committee. The college will not refund fees originally paid by check until the check
has successfully cleared the student's bank.Students receiving any type of financial aid, including grants, loans, scholarships
or veteran's ,benefits, must consult with a financial aid office staff member before
dropping any course.Withdrawal ProcedureIt is the student's responsibility to officially withdraw from any and all courses.
The student should contact the  instructor (in person, by phone or via email) to discuss
the decision to withdraw. A student can request to be  withdrawn from courses by completing
the following steps:
Log on to Eaglenet and click on the "My Student Services" tab
Select the "Registration" tab
Select the "Request to be Dropped from a Class" link
Select the course or courses to be dropped
Select "Update Drop Request"
The request must be submitted by the withdrawal deadline. Refer to the Academic Calendar
in the on line catalog at www.meridiancc.edu for withdrawal deadlines. The student
should review the attendance policy for each course; each class attendance policy
still applies.Rev., Bd. Appr., 06-17-14
Find Your Wings
Apply for AdmissionSchedule Campus TourRequest Information
Enroll Now
Register for Spring Classes
Current Students
Oct. 26
New Student
Nov. 9
Online Classes
Classes Begin Every 4 Weeks
Full Term
15 Weeks
Short Term
3, 4, 8 Weeks
©