http://www.mghihp.edu/admission/conditions-admission
Skip to main content
PEBT
A- A A+
add this page
Add
Conditions of Admission
When accepted, all students are admitted conditionally pending completion of outstanding admission requirements. These requirements are referred to as our “Conditions of Admission.”
Upon acceptance, please refer to the list below and ensure that you have met each condition. Failure to meet these requirements before matriculating to the MGH Institute of Health Professions can jeopardize your enrollment and registration status.
Conditions
I. Official Transcripts
Official transcripts are required to verify the following:
Prerequisite Coursework Completion: Official transcript(s) showing satisfactory completion of all prerequisite courses (if applicable).
Final Transcript with Degree Posted: Official transcript showing satisfactory completion of an undergraduate degree.
Exemptions: Those applying through one of the Centralized Application Services (i.e. NursingCAS, PTCAS, CSDCAS, OTCAS, CASPA) are required to submit all transcripts to the CAS directly throughout the application process. In certain instances an official/final transcript will also be required to be sent to the MGH Institute for admitted students, only to verify the following:
Official/Final Transcript with Degree Posted (If the degree conferral date was not received and verified by the CAS).
Official Transcript showing satisfactory completion of all prerequisite courses. (If the pre-requisite courses were in-progress throughout the application process.)
Please note: In the case where you have requested official transcripts to be sent to our institution when courses were in-progress and not yet complete, an updated/final official transcript will be required once all coursework is completed.
As part of the application process, official transcripts from all colleges and universities attended, should be sealed and sent directly from the institution to the MGH Institute of Health Professions, or a CAS system when applicable. Undergraduate and graduate coursework are included in this requirement.
II. Official Test Score Report
Official copy of score report (if required):
GRE score report sent to us directly by Educational Testing Service (ETS). Please keep in mind that test scores can take up to 6 weeks to reach us from ETS.
TOEFL score report sent to us directly by Educational Testing Service (ETS), or IELTS score report sent to us directly. Please keep in mind that test scores can take up to 6 weeks to reach us.
TEAS score report sent to us directly by Assessment Technologies Institute (ATI).
Exclusions: Please be advised that if an official test score was sent to a CAS (i.e. NursingCAS, PTCAS, CSDCAS, OTCAS, CASPA) and was verified by that system, another official test score report will not be required to be sent to the MGH Institute, unless specifically requested by the Director of Admission.
III. International Applicants
Credential Evaluation verifying equivalency to a U.S. bachelors degree from World Education Services.
Confirming Receipt of Official Documentation to Satisfy Conditions of Admission
All new students with outstanding official documentation will be contacted by the Office of Admission close to enrollment. You may email the Office of Admission for any questions related to these requirements.
Back to Top