http://www.nyhistory.org/about/privacy-policy
Search form
Search this site
type size
Home
AboutAbout N-YHS
President and CEO
Highlights 2018-19
Letters from Louise Mirrer
Board Of Trustees
Staff Directory
Strategic Plan
Collections Policy
Financials
Volunteer
Rights & Reproductions
Book Prizes
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Contact us
Letter in Support of the NEH, IMLS and NHPRC
Naturalization Ceremony
Terms of Use
CareersSecurity Officer
College and Graduate Internships
PressNews Coverage
Press Releases
Press KitsAudubon’s Birds of America Gallery
Bill Graham and the Rock & Roll Revolution
Billie Jean King Archive
Colonists, Citizens, Constitutions: Creating the American Republic
DiMenna Children's History Museum
Dreaming Together: New-York Historical Society and Asia Society Museum
Fourth Floor Exhibition Images and Highlights
Hope Wanted: New York City Under Quarantine
In Profile: A Look at Silhouettes
Interior/Exterior
Meet the Presidents
New-York Historical Society Opens Transformed Fourth Floor
Women March
Digital Resources360 Tours
Video
Online Exhibitions
Public Programs Audio
Collections
Blogs
Recipe of the Week
Creative Downloads
Exceptional Gifts for Exceptional Times
Friday Night Film Talks
BlogsWomen at the Center
From the Stacks
The Hyphen
Behind the Scenes
History Detectives
NY Sports History
SocialFacebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
RSS feeds
NYC FactsExperts
Tumblr Blog
Social Media Policy
sign up for e-news
VisitSafety
Plan Your VisitAccessibility
Visitor Guidelines
Group ToursVirtual Presentations
Private Group Tours
Off-site Lectures
Reservations
Girl ScoutsGirl Scout Independent Studies
Film: We Rise
Film: New York Story
DiMenna Children's History Museum
NYHistory Store
Dine
ExhibitionsCurrent ExhibitionsHoliday Express: Toys and Trains from the Jerni Collection
The Waldorf Astoria Lobby Clock
Dreaming Together: New-York Historical Society and Asia Society Museum
Colonists, Citizens, Constitutions: Creating the American Republic
Women March
Bill Graham and the Rock & Roll Revolution
Meet the Presidents
Audubon’s Birds of America Focus Gallery
Gallery of Tiffany Lamps
DiMenna Children’s History Museum
Objects Tell Stories
Special Installations
Future ExhibitionsSo Ready for Laughter: Bob Hope and World War II
Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Traveling ExhibitionsAbout
Exhibitions
Online Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
CollectionsMuseum Search
Library Search
Digital Images
History Responds
Recipe of the Week
LibraryVisit the Library
Library CollectionsDigital CollectionsShelby White & Leon Levy Digital Library
Brooklyn Revealed
Children's Aid Society Images
Examination Days: The New York African Free School Collection
Marion Mahony Griffin's The Magic of America
New York Foundling Hospital Images
Printed CollectionsBroadsides
Hotel Files
Maps
Dining Menus
Newspapers
Books and Pamphlets
Manuscript CollectionsPersonal and Family Papers
Business and Industry Collections
Religious and Charitable Organization Collections
Military Collections
N-YHS Institutional Archive
Graphic CollectionsPrint Collections
Photograph Collections
Architectural Collections
Ephemera
Remembering Wall Street, 1950-1980
Time Inc. Records
ResearchGraphic Collections Finding Aids
Manuscript Finding Aids
Hotel Files
FellowshipsFrequently Asked Questions
Library Fellow Talks Schedule
From the Stacks
Book Prizes
ProgramsUpcoming Programs
Public Programs On-Demand
Spotlight Series
Family Programs
Past Programs
Audio & Video
About Public Programming
Women's historyExhibitionsBillie Jean King Archive
Gallery of Tiffany Lamps
Joyce B. Cowin Women’s History Gallery
Women’s Voices
We Rise
Public ProgrammingTalks and Events
The Diane and Adam E. Max Conference on Women’s History
Family Programs
Scholarly InitiativesEarly Career Workshop
Massive Open Online Course
The Diane and Adam E. Max Conference
Scholarly Advisory Board
Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Fellowships
EducationMassive Open Online Course
Teacher Events
Women and the American Story: A Curriculum GuideThe New Republic and Early ReformersIntroduction
Module 1 - Unofficial Politician: Dolley Madison in Early WashingtonIntroduction
Life StoriesDolley Madison
James Madison
Margaret Bayard Smith
Sukey
Eliza Brock
ResourcesResource 1: Coverture
Resource 2: Political Battles
Resource 3: Lessons Learned
Resource 4: Parties and Politics
Resource 5: Fashion and Politics
Resource 6: Saving Washington
Resource 7: Paul Jennings's Account of the British Attack
Resource 8: Washington Burns
Resource 9: Write to Me
Module 2 - Breaking the Rules: Women Reformers, 1800-1860Introduction
Life StoriesJarena Lee
Nancy Ward (Nanyehi)
The Edmonson Sisters
Lydia Maria Child
Amelia Jenks
Bloomer
ResourcesResource 10: Benevolent Societies
Resource 11: Catharine Beecher’s Campaign Against Indian Removal
Resource 12: Women, Quakers, and Reform
Resource 13: Fire at Pennsylvania Hall
Resource 14: Fashion Plates
Resource 15: Women Abolitionists in London
Resource 16: The New York State Married Women’s Property Law
Resource 17: Reactions to Seneca Falls
Resource 18: Bloomers
Supplemental Materials
Download All
Credits
Women in the ArchiveBy Era
By Theme
Blog: Women at the Center
Children's MuseumVisitPlan Your Visit
Children's MuseumDiMenna Children's History MuseumHistory Detectives
Alexander Hamilton
American Dreamers
Babara K. Lipman Children's History Library
Cast Your Vote
Cornelia van Varick
Esteban Bellán (1850-1932)
George Washington's First Inauguration (1789)
Historical Viewfinder
New York Newsies
Orphan Train Riders
James McCune Smith
Hours & Admission
Barbara K. Lipman Children’s History Library
Digital Family Guides
ProgramsCalendar
Reading into History
Birthday Parties
Calendar
ConnectHistory Detectives Blog
E-News Sign Up
Membership
Book Prize
Resources
EducationHistory @ Home for Students
For SchoolsVirtual Enrichment LessonsElementary Level Options
Secondary Level Options
Virtual Field Trips
Academy for American Democracy
For EducatorsWorkshop Calendar
Custom Professional Learning
Educational Videos
Curriculum Library
Remote Lesson Plans
NEH Summer Institute for School TeachersAbout the Institute
Application Information and Instructions
Project Directors
Institute Faculty
Schedule and Assignments
Stipend and Expectations
Housing, Logistics, and Academic Resources
Previous Institute Participant Lessons
Contact Us
American Women, American Citizens: 1920-1948 (2020 Institute)
How to Apply
Logistics and Academic Resources
Participant Eligibility and Selection
Schedule and Assignments
For TeensStudent Historian Internship Program
Tech Scholars
Tech Commons
Keith Haring Fund
Citizenship ProjectCitizenship Project en Español
Higher EducationInstitute for Constitutional HistoryPast Events
Upcoming Events
Programs
Staff and Advisors
Giving
Syllabi
Fellowships
Master of Arts in Museum Studies
Projects
RentalRental SpacesSmith Gallery
Robert H. Smith Auditorium
Patricia D. Klingenstein Library
Dexter Hall
Gallery of Tiffany Lamps
North Gallery
Robert H. Smith Family Skylight Gallery
East Gallery
Types of Events
Why N-YHS is Unique
Constellation Culinary Group
SupportDonate Today
MembershipBook Club
Membership FAQ
Spotlight Series
Women's History Council
Frederick Douglass Council
Chairman’s CouncilMembership
Gallery
Estate PlanningPlanned Giving Advisory Council
Corporate EngagementMatching Gifts
Corporate Membership
Corporate Members
Women’s History Corporate Council
Other Ways to SupportAdopt-a-Lamp
Adopt-an-Audubon-Bird
Shop
DineStoricoLocation
Hours
Menu
Reservations
Gallery
Parliament Espresso and Coffee BarHours
Collection Highlights
Interior of Durand's Studio at Maplewood, New Jersey
Date:
After 1878
Object Number:
PR.020.FF.1
Medium:
Albumen print
SUPPORT THE NEW-YORK HISTORICAL SOCIETY
Help us present groundbreaking exhibitions and develop educational programs about our nation's history for more than 200,000 schoolchildren annually.
DONATE TODAY
About > Privacy Policy
About
About N-YHS
President and CEO
Highlights 2018-19
Letters from Louise Mirrer
Board Of Trustees
Staff Directory
Strategic Plan
Collections Policy
Financials
Volunteer
Rights & Reproductions
Book Prizes
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Contact us
Letter in Support of the NEH, IMLS and NHPRC
Naturalization Ceremony
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 20, 2018.
1. Introduction and Overview.
This Privacy Policy describes how The New-York Historical Society (“The New-York Historical Society,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you as well as your rights and choices about such use and sharing, and governs all online interactions with any online service location that posts a link to this Privacy Policy and all features, content, and other services that we own, control, and make available through such online service location (collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to our information collection activities outside of the Service (unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection).
Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to our Terms of Use as well as to the terms of this Privacy Policy including our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described within our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree and consent, discontinue use of the Service.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us as set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below.
2.  How We Collect and Use the Information You Provide.
A. How we Collect Information You Provide.
We collect and use the information you provide directly via the Service to better meet your needs, fulfill your online order when you make a purchase, improve and facilitate customer service, inform you of upcoming exhibitions, new content, and products, when you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, survey, or other promotion (“Promotion”), or when you apply for a job or volunteer position. Our collection and use of visitor information varies with the type of interaction or transaction. We may use Service Providers (defined below) to collect this information.
The information we collect includes information that identifies you personally (whether alone or in combination). Some examples of information we collect include the following:
Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information for authentication and account access.
Demographic Data. We collect demographic information such as your age, gender, and country.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make a purchase, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Profile Data. We collect your username, interests, favorites, and other profile data.
Contacts. We collect data about your contacts in order to fulfill a request by you, such as finding your contacts on the Service or inviting your contacts to join the Service. Such functionality is only intended for United States (“U.S.”) residents. By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the U.S. and that you have your contacts’ consent for us to use their contact information to fulfill your request.
Content. We collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and product reviews you write, questions and information you provide to customer support including emails to us. We also collect the content of your communications as necessary to provide you with the services you use.
Resume Data. We collect data as necessary to consider you for a job opening if you submit an application to us, such as your employment history, transcript, writing samples, and references.
Volunteer Applications. We collect data that you send us regarding volunteer opportunities including your contact information and the content of your messages.
You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us through the Service that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
B. How Information is Collected Automatically.
We automatically collect information about your device and how your device interacts with our Service. We may use Service Providers to collect this information. Some examples of information we collect include the following:
Service Use Data. We collect data about the features you use, the pages you visit, the e-mails and advertisements you view, the products you purchase, the time of day you browse, your referring and exiting pages, and other similar information.
Device Connectivity and Configuration Data. We collect data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and other similar information. This data also includes IP address, MAC address, device advertising Id (e.g., IDFA or AAID), and other device identifiers.
Location Data. We collect data about your device’s location, which can be precise (e.g., latitude/longitude data) or imprecise (e.g., location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level).
We use various current – and later – developed technologies to collect this information (“Tracking Technologies”), including the following:
Log Files. A log file is a file that records events that occur in connection with your use of the Service, such as your service use data.
Cookies and Pixel Tags. This website uses "cookies" and "pixel tags" to improve the functions of our website and your experience. Cookies are small data files that are automatically sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookies we use do not contain any personally identifiable information about you; they are generally used to gather information to analyze website traffic in order to improve our content and navigation, based on our visitors' online behavior. You may choose to set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. For an optimal experience with our site, we recommend that you allow cookies. "Pixel tags" are tiny graphical images embedded in emails or webpages. These images are used to determine what parts of a website a visitor has viewed or whether an email was successfully opened. These technologies do not contain any personal information about you; they are used to gather information to analyze traffic to the Websites, to improve our content and navigation, and to enhance our marketing efforts. The New-York Historical Society works with third-party analytics and marketing partners who use technologies such as cookies and pixel tags on our behalf.
Device Fingerprinting. Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device’s browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a “fingerprint” of your device and uniquely identify your device and apps.
Location-Identifying Technologies. GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, and other location-aware technologies may be used to collect precise location data when you enable location-based services through your device. Location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third Party Services (defined below) may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by us and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and certain Third Party Services.
For further information on Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, see the sections entitled “Third Parties” and “Your Rights and Choices” below.
C. How We Collect Information From Other Sources.
We also obtain information about you from other third party sources. We protect data obtained from these third parties according to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third party sources vary over time, but may include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you reference our Service or grant permission to The New-York Historical Society to access your data on one or more of these services.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
For further information on Third Party Services, see the section entitled “Third Parties” below.
D. How We Use Your Information.
We use information about you to:
Manage our Service, including your registration and account.
Fulfill your purchases and transactions with us including shipping of merchandise and catalogues as well as processing bookings and rentals.
Perform services requested by you, such as to respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities.
Conduct research, including focus groups and surveys.
Improve the Service or our other websites, marketing efforts, products and services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with Promotions you have entered.
Send you communications regarding our and third party products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services that may be of interest to you.
Develop and display content, features, and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service as well as on other platforms and services.
Fulfill any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent.
We may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your information, please see the section entitled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
3. How We Share Your Information.
We share information about you as follows:
Service Providers. We may disclose your personal data to our agents, vendors, and other third-party service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) who use the information to perform services on our behalf, such as website hosting, information technology services, ticketing, and data management. We require all third-party service providers to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our related entities including our parent and sister companies. For example, we may share your information with our affiliates for customer support, marketing, and technical operations.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners in connection with offering you co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing activities. For example, we may share information about you with a retailer for purposes of providing you with product support.
Promotions. Our Promotions may be jointly sponsored or offered by third parties. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, we may share your information with third parties a set forth in the official rules that govern the Promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a Promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Third Parties. We may share your information with third parties for purposes of facilitating your requests (such as when you choose to share information with a social network about your activities on the Service) and in connection with tailoring advertisements, measuring and improving our Service and advertising effectiveness, and enabling other enhancements.
Merger or Acquisition. We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Security and Compelled Disclosure. We may use or disclose your personal data as we deem necessary or appropriate under applicable laws; to respond to requests from public, governmental, and regulatory authorities; to comply with court orders, litigation procedures, and other legal processes; to obtain legal remedies or limit our damages; and to protect the rights, safety, or the Service, the property of our employees, you, or others.
Consent. We may share your information for any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information which does not identify you or de-identified information about you with third parties or affiliates for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share your information, please see the section entitled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
4.  Blogs and Public Information.
We welcome your participation on our blogs. An email address is required to post comments. The New-York Historical Society will not use these email addresses in any way, unless permission to do so is specifically requested and granted. We will not share these email addresses with any third parties for marketing purposes.
If you make information public through certain areas of our Service such as user profiles and our blogs, other people will have access to it. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information; however, California residents have additional rights as set forth in “Your Rights and Choices” below.
5.  Third Parties.
A. Third Party Services.
Our Service contains content from and hyperlinks to websites, locations, platforms, and services operated and owned by third parties (“Third Party Services”). These Third Party Services may use Tracking Technologies to independently collect information about you and may solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by third parties, whether through our Service, a Third Party Service, a Third Party Feature (defined below), or a third party device, remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
B. Third Party Features.
We may allow you to connect our Service to a Third Party Service or offer our Service through a Third Party Service (“Third Party Features”). If you use a Third Party Feature, both we and the applicable third party may have access to and use information associated with your use of the Third Party Feature, and you should carefully review the third party’s privacy policy and terms of use. Some examples of Third Party Features include the following:
Liking, Sharing, and Logging-In. The New-York Historical Society uses Third-Party Services to give you easy ways to share our content with others. The information you provide when using these tools is subject to the third parties' privacy policies. We may embed a pixel or SDK on our Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in to your account through, Third Party Services, including social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. If you choose to engage with such a Third Party Service through our Service, we may collect any information you have authorized the Third Party Service to share with us (such as your user ID, billing information, public profile information, e-mail address, birthday, friends list, and other account and profile data). Likewise, if you choose to engage with such a Third Party Service through our Service or visit our Service while logged in to that Third Party Service on your device, the Third Party Service may receive information about your activities on our Service and be able to associate that information with information the Third Party Service already has about you.
Brand Pages. We may offer our content on social networks such as a Facebook and Twitter. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Service on a Third Party Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with The New-York Historical Society in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Service.
C.  Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising.
Our Service contains Tracking Technologies owned and operated by Third Parties. For example, we use Tracking Technologies from third party analytics provides, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze your use of the Service, compile statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and provide us with other services relating to Service activity and internet usage. We also work with ad serving services, advertisers, and other third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and/or on Third Party Services. These third parties may use Tracking Technologies on our Service and Third Party Services (including in e-mails and advertisements) to track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and Third Party Services or third party devices after you have left the Service (“Interest-based Advertising”).
We may serve ads on Third Party Services, such as Facebook and Google, which are targeted to reach people (or similar people) on those services that have visited our Service or that are also identified in one of more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by matching common factors between our data and the data of Third Party Services. If we use Facebook Custom Audiences to serve Matched Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a Facebook ad and find out how to opt-out. We are not responsible for such Third Party Services’ failure to comply with your opt-out instructions.
For further information on Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, please see the sections entitled “Information Collected Automatically” above and “Your Rights and Choices” below.
6.  Your Rights and Choices.
A.  Review and Update of Account Information.
You may access, update, or remove certain account information that you have voluntarily submitted to us through the Service by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. California residents have additional rights as set forth in the section entitled “Your California Privacy Rights” below.
B.  Tracking Technology Choices.
Cookies and Pixels. Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Do Not Track. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms.  For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove Tracking Technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.
C.  Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising.
You can opt-out of your data being used by Google Analytics through cookies by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Service in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the DAA and your opt-out options for their members, please visit (i) for website opt-out, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; and (ii) for mobile app opt-out, http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please note that if you opt-out of online behavioral advertising using any of these methods, the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. Further, opting-out only means that the selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you by going to your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices).
D. Communications.
E-mails. If you email The New-York Historical Society, your message and email address may be saved by The New-York Historical Society and we may send you emails in order to inform you of special events or promotions. Any message, material, business information, ideas, concepts, or other information sent to The New-York Historical Society by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
E-mail Opt-out. The New-York Historical Society regularly sends email to our website visitors. Email recipients may opt out at any time by following the "unsubscribe" instructions included in the email message, or by e-mailing us at the e-mail address set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the e-mail. Registrants may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by changing their email preferences online. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional e-mails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or The New-York Historical Society’s ongoing business relations.
Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
E.  Your California Privacy Rights.
California’s “Shine the Light” law permits customers in California to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing.
The New-York Historical Society may share personal information as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” law with third parties and/or affiliates for such third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with this law, please contact us as set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that The New-York Historical Society is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided e-mail address or mail address.
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Service and posted content or information on the Service, can request that such information be removed from the Service by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below. Requests must state that the user personally posted such content or information and detail where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view.
7.  Children.
The Service is intended for a general audience and not directed to children under thirteen (13) years of age. The New-York Historical Society does not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and believe The New-York Historical Society has collected such information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please contact us as set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below, and we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.
8.  Security.
The New-York Historical Society takes reasonable and appropriate steps designed to protect personally and non-personally identifiable information that it receives via the Internet against unauthorized access.
Sensitive credit card information is not stored on any of our web servers and, though order information is retained for our records, this information is never shared with other companies or persons. Further, The New-York Historical Society has processes in place designed to maintain conformance with PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard).
It is important for the user to protect his or herself against unauthorized access to his or her password and computer. We advise that the user use a known and trusted secure connection and to log off when finished using a shared computer. The user should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information the user transmits to us, and the user does so at their own risk.
9. International Transfer.
We are based in the U.S. and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law.  If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Service indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional notice to your e-mail address.
11. Contact Us.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy and our data practices, please contact The New-York Historical Society:
The New-York Historical Society
170 Central Park West
New York, NY 10024
(212) 873-3400info@nyhistory.org
Museum & Library Map
Floor plan & visitor information
Address
New-York Historical Society
170 Central Park West
at Richard Gilder Way (77th Street)
New York, NY 10024
Phone (212) 873-3400
TTY (212) 873-7489
Connect with us
Hours
Monday – Thursday
CLOSED
Friday (Members and age 65+ and immunocompromised)
10 – 11 am
Friday
11 am – 8 pm
Saturday – Sunday
11 am – 5 pm
Patricia D. Klingenstein Library
Thursday-Friday - 10 am–4:30 pm
Saturday - 10:30 am–4:30 pm
Sunday-Wednesday - CLOSED
Creative: Tronvig Group