https://www.cityofbristol.ac.uk/about-us/college-policies/terms-conditions/
Terms and conditions
Courses
All courses
School leavers (16-18)
A Levels
Animal Care
Applied Science
Business and Professional Services
Catering and Hospitality
Childcare, Education and Training
Construction
Computing and Information Technology (IT)
Creative and Digital
English and Maths for school leavers
Engineering
Fitness, Outdoor Pursuits and Public Services
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
Motor Vehicle and Transport
Travel and Tourism
18 year olds (free courses)
Adults (19+)
Access to Higher Education
Adult English and Maths
Animal Care, Floristry and Horticulture
Business and Professional
Construction
Computing and IT
ECDL courses with our IT centres
Computer Aided Design (CAD) courses
Counselling
Creative and Digital
Education and Training
Evening courses
First Aid
Fitness and Outdoor Pursuits
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
International English and ESOL
Languages
Motor Vehicle and Transport
Part-time courses
Online courses
Under 16s
Apprenticeships
University Centre
How to apply
Enrolment
Enrolment for 16-18 year olds
Enrolment for adults
Enrolment for Higher Education courses
Course guides
Student life
Additional learning support
Accessible environments
Autism support
Sensory support
Specific Learning Difficulties (SpLD) support
Speech and Language Therapy at City of Bristol College
Students in care
Transition support
Travel Training Service
The Brislington Centre: Independent Living in Bristol
Academic and wellbeing support
Careers guidance
Fees and financial support
Links for students
Report your absence
Term dates and opening hours
Study Centre services for students
Information for applicants
Transition and taster tasks
Choosing the right course
Information for schools and supporters
Information for parents and carers
Student voice and activities
Apprenticeships
Business and professional services
Construction
Computing and IT
Engineering
Hair professional
Health and social care
Production chef
Transport and motor vehicle
Apprentice induction
University Centre
Browse courses
Online higher education guide
Business courses
Computing courses
Construction courses
Creative arts and media courses
Education and training courses
Engineering and manufacturing courses
Health and social care courses
Why us?
Financial and wellbeing support
Academic regulations
Office for Students
How to apply
Employers
Staff development
Apprenticeship information for employers
Partners in Bristol
Free and low-cost online courses
Coronavirus and apprenticeships
About
Centres and facilities
Advanced Engineering Centre (AEC) at Parkway
Ashley Down Centre
Courses at Ashley Down Centre
Brislington Centre
College Green Centre
Courses at College Green Centre
Motor Vehicle Technology Centre at Parkway
Courses at our Parkway Centres
South Bristol Skills Academy (SBSA)
Courses at South Bristol Skills Academy
Facilities
Accommodation
Advanced Construction Skills Centre
Food, drink and how to set up cashless payments
Multi-faith prayer rooms
IT Centres (ECDL courses)
Restaurants
Study Centre services for students
Salons
Specialist facilities
Workshops and Composites Centre
Strategic Leadership Team
Andy Forbes
Alexandra Sermon
Ernie Turner
Jim Richardson
Jana Smidkova
Richard Harris
Corporate governance
Audit Committee (Co-opted Member) Vacancy
Policies and procedures
Corporation members
Structure of corporation
Governance documents
Freedom of information
Our mission, ethos and values
Safeguarding
Our partners
Working for us
News
Events
Contact us
Compliments, suggestions and complaints
Terms and conditions
Access to and use of City of Bristol College (CoBC) websites, which includes both content provided by CoBC, and by partners on behalf of CoBC, is subject to the following terms.
By using the websites you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the sites. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use the sites.
CoBC may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by CoBC. Your continued use of the sites after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Copyright
The text, images and other content of the websites are the copyright material of CoBC. No part of the CoBC web pages may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose, or incorporated in any other work or publication, whether in hard copy or electronic or any other form without the express written permission of CoBC. If you download any information or software from the websites, you agree that such copy is only for your personal, non-commercial use.
Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information on the websites. However, CoBC gives no warranties and makes no representations, express or implied, as to the accuracy, quality, validity, timeliness, completeness or availability of any information contained in its website and accepts no liability for any loss resulting directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on any such information. Courses and facilities may be cancelled, modified or replaced at short notice. The use of the websites and any information contained therein or obtained therefrom is at your own risk, and CoBC assumes no responsibility whatsoever in connection with such use.
Notification of change
CoBC does not provide notification when changing the contents of its websites.
Non-representation
Any opinion, comments or information of any person made given or distributed in or through this website shall not be viewed as endorsed or agreed by CoBC or representing CoBC’s opinion or intention. CoBC particularly declares that if any person expresses opinion or comments or provides advice or information on any political, social, economic, business or investment matters or defames any person on this web site and causes losses to CoBC, it reserves the right to claim damages and/or apply for other legal remedies.
External sites
CoBC is not responsible for the content of other sites linked from its website. CoBC makes no guarantees or representations as to, and shall have no liability whatsoever for, any electronic content delivered by any third party.
Limitation of liability
In no event will CoBC be liable, or have any responsibility, for damages of any kind; whether direct, indirect, special, consequential or incidental, resulting from access or use of, or inability to access or use, the websites or any websites or pages linked to the websites, including (without limitation) damages resulting from the act or omission of any third party, even if any member of CoBC has been advised of the possibility thereof.
Social Media
Terms and Conditions of City of Bristol College Facebook Site (as well as other social media platforms in the College’s name)
City of Bristol College uses the following social media platforms:
FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube
The City of Bristol College pages/profiles within these platforms were created and are managed by City of Bristol College. The purpose of these pages/profiles is to communicate with our audiences, including but not limited to students. Materials and/or comments posted on these pages/profiles should be in keeping with this purpose. They should not reveal another person’s protected information, student records information or any other information protected by existing privacy laws. Any such materials/comments will be removed.
City of Bristol College welcomes everyone’s contributions to our pages/profiles (e.g. comments, photo tagging, wall posts, etc.) but it should be noted any content contributed by individual members of these social media platforms is the opinion of the specific author and does not represent the opinions or policies of City of Bristol College or any of its departments. City of Bristol College does not permit using the college’s timeline for advertising users’ products/websites/businesses, for any sort of commercial or awareness gain.
In addition, to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (2018):
We will never post content or take any action on our pages/profiles that infringes or violates someone else’s rights or otherwise violates the lawIf we collect information from you, we will obtain your consent in the first instance, making it clear what we will use your information for, aligned to our Privacy StatementWe will not post anyone’s identification documents or sensitive financial information on our pages/profilesWe will not tag users or send email invitations to non-users without their consent.
City of Bristol College adheres to the statements of Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. In particular, please do not “post unauthorised commercial solicitations (such as spam)”; “bully, intimidate, or harass any user”; “post content that is hateful, threatening, pornographic or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence”; or “do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory” on City of Bristol College’s pages/profiles. We encourage all users to report content that violates the Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/YouTube Code of Conduct by using the official procedure.
City of Bristol College does not pre-screen comments but at the same time reserves the right to block the content of any post that violates any City of Bristol College policy, rule or regulation or applicable law. City of Bristol College also reserves the right, but is not obliged to remove content and / or block users from its profiles/pages at any time, without prior notice, whenever such is deemed to be in violation with one of these policies or regulations. The College also may, in extreme cases or where circumstances require it, report such users to the relevant authorities.
City of Bristol College thanks you in advance for your contributions to the College’s social media pages and profiles and for your help in creating a safe and inspiring online community.
Where to find us
College Green Centre
Ashley Down Centre
South Bristol Skills Academy (SBSA)
Advanced Engineering Centre at Parkway
Motor Vehicle Technology Centre at Parkway
The Brislington Centre
Advanced Construction Skills Centre
Search for:
We use cookies! This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Privacy policy
Accept