http://www.cvtc.edu/about-cvtc/consumer-disclosures/website-privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
The Right Choice
AlumniFoundationCommunity MembersEmployersContinuing EducationNews & EventsContact UsCVTC AheadLog Into MyCVTC
// About Us
//
Consumer Disclosures
//
Website Privacy Policy
CVTC Website Privacy Policy
Purpose
At CVTC, your privacy is important to us. We want to ensure you understand the information we collect and how it is used. This policy explains the ways in which we collect information while using the cvtc.edu website, how that information can be used, and how we protect the information you choose to provide us.
We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this notice. By visiting cvtc.edu, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This notice applies solely to information collected on CVTC sites.
Information Gathered
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The cvtc.edu website uses sites and services to collect anonymous, aggregate data such as IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. The information collected is utilized to analyze user trends and to help make our site friendlier to visitors. None of the information collected is ever used to specifically identify an individual.
Personally Identifiable Information
In the course of using the Chippewa Valley Technical College’s website, you may choose to provide personal information to us through various methods including, but not limited to web forms, email, or live chat. The information you provide is strictly voluntary – no personal information is collected unless the user provides it.
Information you provide may be shared with college employees, but will not be shared with others outside of our organization.
Use of Personal Information
Any personally identifiable information provided voluntarily by you will be used only for the purposes you authorize or in support of college-sponsored programs.
CVTC may use the information you provide for a variety of purposes including:
Respond to your requests for information, services, or materials.
Communicate with you regarding relevant materials, products, and services.
Facilitate your relationship with the college.
Personalize your user experience with the website.
Process gifts.
Confirm information provided by users.
Cookies Policy
The cvtc.edu website uses cookies to allow us to recognize when you’ve made a repeat visit to the site. A cookie is a simple text file placed on your computer by a web server. We use cookies for a number of reasons including learning how users interact with the website, personalize the users’ website experience, help us improve content and the website performance, and identify issues and resolve them.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can modify your web browser settings to refuse cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the cvtc.edu website.
Third-party vendors, including advertising networks and web traffic analysis services, may use cookies on our site. We use trusted partners such as Google AdWords, Google Tag Manager, and Facebook. Please check the respective privacy policies of these external services to understand what data these services collect and how they use it.
Links to Other Websites
The cvtc.edu website may include links to other websites outside our domain. CVTC is not responsible for the privacy policies, content, or activities of these independent sites.
Protecting Your Information
The cvtc.edu site uses appropriate security measures for data collection, storage, and processing practices to protect your information within our limits. Exchange of data between the site and users happens over an SSL-secured communication channel. While we do our best to maintain your information’s security, we encourage you to exercise caution when disclosing your personal information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, modify this Privacy Policy. The updated policy will be posted to this page and will take effect upon posting and will apply on a going-forward basis. Privacy Policy last updated on January 9, 2019.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding our www.cvtc.edu privacy policy, please email getconnected@cvtc.edu.
Join Us To
Experience CVTC for Yourself
Explore CampusAttend an EventSchedule a Visit
I'm a(n)future studentcurrent student/staffparentworking adultemployerhigh school staffalumnicommunity memberother
Schedulea visitApplytodayChatwith us