http://www.learningstyle.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Dated: 27/03/2019
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is most important to us. At Human eSources, Ltd. (“Human eSources”, “our”, “us” or “we”), Human eSources shall ensure that it complies with the following privacy notice when processing personal information on behalf of our partners and or your academic institution or organization. This privacy notice applies only to your use of any Human eSources products (“Products”) or services (“services”) and activities on or in connection with our public website, https://www.humanesources.com (“Website”).  we are adamant about protecting the privacy of our users and subscribers. Our policy is simple: except as noted below we do not sell, share, or provide in any way your personally identifiable information to any person, company or organization without your prior permission.
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Human eSources, websites, products or services shall be considered a “user.” All users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable user information (“information”) pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  By visiting or using the Human eSources, websites, products or services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Human eSources collects registration, authentication, and assessment information from users who use our products and services from our websites and we are the sole owners of the information collected on our sites. We will not sell, share or provide this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected Through Account Creation and Registration, Login, and Obtaining and using Programs and Services:
May be used to.
Generate statistical studies and conduct research related to our professional work.
Identify, develop, and offer existing and new products and services.
Following are examples of the types of accounts and services offered by Human eSources and the type of information that is collected from the user. By providing any such information, the user consents to our Privacy Policy:
Retail Accounts:
Retail account holders provide us with their full names, address, telephone number, gender, email address, password, and credit card information. All underage minor users of our products provide us with their email address or user name, gender, grade level, in some cases, birth month and year, and password.
Institution subscriptions:
Subscriptions to Human eSources Products directly from schools, government agencies, independent counselors, companies, Human eSources partners, or any other organization (hereinafter collectively “Organization(s)”), Human eSources processes your personal information in accordance with the instructions given to us by the Organization.
Personally identifiable information collected during the account registration process, use of our programs and services, users choosing to receive certain email communications, and participation in electronic events, may be used to:
Generate statistical studies and conduct research related to our professional work.
Identify, develop, and offer existing and new products and services.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to identify trends, administer the site, track users’ movements within our sites and gather broad demographic information for aggregated use. We will not share this information with any other third party. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifying information.
Portfolios
The portfolios on our websites are intended for storage of results, artifacts and access to authorized products and are protected by users’ passwords. The contents of each portfolio can be viewed by the portfolio creator and, in the case of an Organization subscription, site practitioner(s) or Professional(s), manager or supervisor, Parents or Guardians in the case of retail consumer customers.
Newsletters and other Communication Tools
If you wish to subscribe to any newsletter or other electronic communication tools we produce, we ask for contact information, such as your name and e-mail address. Your e-mail address will be used to deliver these communications and information from the Human eSources websites. The personal communication information users provide us with will NOT be distributed to any other third party for any reason whatsoever.
Exceptions to the Privacy Policy
There are limited exceptions to the Human eSources Privacy Policy.
When required by law to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, regulation or court order, Human eSources will supply such information as, based on the advice of counsel, Human eSources reasonably determines it is legally required to supply.
Human eSources may release specific information relevant to special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others or an attempted breach of security on our websites.
For users who access Human eSources products and services provided to them by schools, government agencies, independent counselors, companies, or any other organization (hereinafter collectively “Organizations”) that purchases services from Human eSources, Ltd, whether or not the user pays for the Human eSources services directly, Human eSources will share user information with authorized personnel at those Organizations who we consider site practitioners (example: teachers, counselors, supervisors, etc.). Since those Organizations are responsible for assigning access to user information it becomes the responsibility of the user to determine whom in the said Organizations has access to their information. Human eSources is not responsible for the actions, practices, or policies of those Organizations and their use of user information.
Many users of Human eSources products are underage minors. Human eSources will provide access to these users information as described in the above paragraph. Human eSources will also share underage minor user’s information with parents or guardians.
Human eSources Ltd. may disclose or transfer user information to a third party in the event that Human eSources Ltd. enters into a merger or enters into bankruptcy, or a third party acquires Human eSources Ltd. or its assets.
Use of Cookies
For all its products and services, Human eSources uses session cookies for session management to distinguish you from other users. This helps us provide you with a good experience when you use our Website and Products. The cookie is a text string stored by a user’s web browser. It consists of one or more name-value pairs containing bits of information, which may be encrypted for information privacy and data security purposes. The cookie is used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing textual data. For example, our session cookies allow users to log in to our products and services. The web server will first send a cookie containing a unique session identifier. Users then submit their credentials and the web application authenticates the session and allows the user access to services.
As text, cookies are not executable files. Because they are not executable, they cannot replicate themselves and are not viruses. Most modern browsers allow users to decide whether to accept cookies, and the time frame to keep them, but rejecting cookies makes our products and services unusable. Session cookies used by Human eSources are deleted by the user’s computer when the browser is closed, when the computer is turned off, or when the session automatically times out.
Human eSources does not place cookies permanently on the user’s hard drives to track user activity in any way.
Service Providers
Human eSources uses third parties to process credit card transactions.  Human eSources does not store credit card numbers except the last four digits required for refunds should they occur.
Human eSources uses third parties to anonymously monitor traffic on our websites, Products and services to identify trends, administer the site, track users’ movements within our sites and gather broad demographic information for aggregated use. We will not share this information with any other third party. These programs record visitors’ host, domain names, pages visited, length of user sessions, browser type and/or IP addresses. The programs track the number of times the site(s) are visited, how many visitors come to the site(s), which parts of the site(s) are frequented, and the length of time of each visit. This information is not linked to and does not contain personally identifiable information.
Some of our third party service providers use cookies on our websites; we have no control over those cookies, and this Privacy Policy does not cover them. Human eSources will not be held responsible for data breaches by these credit card processing companies.
Communication Options from Human eSources, Ltd websites
We communicate electronically with our users through three types of emails: mandatory system-generated emails, optional emails, and promotion emails. System-generated emails are a direct response to a user’s action on the site(s). Examples include: confirmation of a purchase, adding a staff person or program administrator to an institutional account, and username and password reminders. Optional emails are selected by the user based on specific services chosen. Examples include email newsletters and user product updates. Promotion emails are determined by Human eSources to promote other useful products to our users and to get user opinions about our products and services. Examples include product promotions, alerts, and surveys.
Linked Internet Web Sites
The Human eSources websites, products and services may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third party website not controlled by Human eSources These hyperlinked third party websites may collect and disclose Information differently than Human eSources websites, products and services, and if you visit these third party websites we recommend that you read their privacy policy statements. Human eSources is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these websites, and Human eSources expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Security
The security of your information is important to us.  Human eSources has security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  Our website, products and services uses Secure Sockets Layer technology (SSL), which encrypts all sensitive information users’ input before it is sent to us. Thus, we have taken steps to protect the information we collect from you from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. Human eSources makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Human eSources shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Applicable Law/International Issues
Information that is submitted to Human eSources websites, products and services will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. user, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your information, as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge that your have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use Human eSources websites, products and services.
Compliance with Privacy Laws
Human eSources complies fully with the requirements of the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, 20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g (“FERPA”), the Student Online Personal Information Protection Act, Assembly Bill No. 1584 codified in Education Code Section 49073.1, and all other federal and state guidelines applicable and adopted in accordance therewith. Personally identifiable information received by Human eSources will be used solely for legitimate interests.
Pursuant to AB 1584, student records entered into accounts on the Website by students of the Local Educational Agency (“LEA”) shall continue to be the property of, and under the control of, the LEA. Students may retain possession and control of or transfer such accounts to personal accounts upon by following instructions from within their account. In the event of an unauthorized disclosure of records, we will promptly notify the affected parent, legal guardian, or eligible pupil and LEA and take appropriate mitigation efforts. Pupil records shall not be retained upon completion of the terms of the contract.
Further, in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, 15 U.S.C. Sec. 6501-6506 (“COPPA”) and consistent with the Privacy Policy of the Website, students under thirteen should not create accounts on Human eSources Products. The only exception is when Human eSources™ has agreements in place with schools, districts and or partners who have consent to usage on behalf of the student.
Amendments to Privacy Policy
Human eSources reserves the right to modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. You should review our Privacy Policy statement periodically. If we make significant modifications to the policy we will post, on the home page of the Human eSources website, for 7 days prior to the effective of the new policy, a notice that we have a new privacy policy.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
You can change your personally identifiable information in any of these ways:
Sign in to your account and change your personal information through the program software
In the case of institutional account access, contact a faculty member, counselor, or other staff person that has authorized access to our products
Contact Human eSources, Ltd at privacy@humanesources.com
To close or deactivate your account, you must:
Email Customer Service at customercare@humanesources.com, or write to:
Human eSources, Ltd
Attention: Customer Service
PO Box 232
Marlborough, CT 06447
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with Human eSources websites, please contact privacy@humanesources.com