http://www.london.edu/about/london-business-school/policies-and-legislation/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Home
About us
London Business School
Policies and legislation
Cookie policy
Save to my profile
Cookie policy
This Cookies Policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, the Website Privacy Policy.
London Business School’s Cookies Policy describes the cookies we use and explains why we use them.
It also explains how cookies enable the Website to function properly and why you may not be able to experience the full functionality of the Website if you disable their use.
What do I need to know about cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that’s stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
There are different types of cookies:
First party cookies:These are set by the website you’re visiting. And only that website can read them. In addition, a website might use a separate company to analyse how people are using their site. And this separate company will set their own cookie to do this.
Third party cookies: These are set by someone other than the owner of the website you’re visiting. Some LBS web pages may also contain content from other sites like YouTube, which may set their own cookies. Also, if you share a link to an LBS page, the service you share it on (e.g. Facebook) may set a cookie on your browser. LBS has no control over third party cookies.
Advertising cookies: Some websites use advertising networks to show you specially targeted adverts when you visit. These networks may also be able to track your browsing across different sites.
Session cookies: These are stored while you’re browsing. They get deleted from your device when you close your browser e.g. Chrome or Safari.
Persistent cookies: These are saved on your device. So they don’t get deleted when you close your browser. We use persistent cookies when we need to know who you are for more than one browsing session. For example, we use them to remember your preferences for the next time you visit.
You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
How does LBS use cookies?
We use different types of cookies for different things, such as:
to give you a better, more personalised experience
to understand how our websites are used
to monitor how our advertisements perform.
Read on to find out more about the different kinds of cookie we use.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without them services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
Signing into the website.
Remembering previous actions such as text entered into a registration form when navigating back to a page in the same session.
Performance cookies
These help us understand how people are using our websites. For instance which pages people go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
To collect information about which web pages visitors go to most often so we can improve the online experience.
Error management to make sure that the website is working properly.
Functional cookies
These help us personalise our website for you. This may include settings like “remember me” buttons and anything that remembers the particular settings chosen by you. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting/advertising cookies
These are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
What cookies does LBS use?
First-party cookies
Cookie name
Purpose
Google Analytics
A web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. GA sets a cookie in order to evaluate the use of our website and compile a report for us.
dotMailer
Used to track user behaviour on the website after they have clicked on one of our emails.
Sitecore session ID
Used as a unique identifier for a session on the site to help show relevant content and for the system to work correctly.
Sitecore Analytics
Used to track user behaviour on the website.
Mouseflow
Monitor mouse movement across the website to improve usability.
Third party cookies
Affiperf
Allows us to retarget people that have visited our website.
Bing Ads
Allows us to retarget people that have visited our website.
Facebook
Allows us to track the performance of our advertising and to retarget people that have visited our website.
LinkedIn Ads
Allows us to track the performance of our advertising.
MediaMath
Allows us to track the performance of our advertising and to retarget people that have visited our website.
Maru-EDU
Used to ask website visitors if they would like to take part in our website user survey.
New Relic
Measures page load times and other website performance.
Google Tag Manager
System that stores our cookies.
Financial Times
Allows us to track the performance of our advertising.
How do I disable browser cookies?
Change your browser settings
You can prevent your browsing from being tracked generally by adjusting your browser settings, browsing in ‘private mode’ or using browser add-ons. You can find out how to do this by visiting the relevant support page for your browser, or by using the help function on your browser.
Alternatively you may wish to use an online tool to help you opt out of the collection and use of information by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
If at any time you do not want information about your browsing behaviour to be used for the purpose of LBS delivering advertising to you, you can "opt out" as described above. If you do choose to opt-out you will continue to see adverts but they may be less relevant to you as they will not be tailored to your interests.
Contact us
If you feel we have done something well, are unhappy with your experience or want to provide feedback and suggestions, we would like to hear from you.Our office is open from 9am – 5pm, Monday to Friday (excluding national UK holidays). You can direct compliments, complaints or any other feedback to the Data Manager.
Data manager
+44 (0)20 7000 7000
dpo@london.edu
This website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good user experience and also allows us to improve our website.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Accept and continue
Close