https://www.saintleo.edu/privacy-policy
(877) 622-2009
my.SaintLeo
Alumni
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
Apply Now
Degree programs
Degree Programs
Online Learning
Continuing Education
Education Centers
Study Abroad
Academics
Core Curriculum
Honors Programs
Current Students
Library
University Campus
University Campus
degree programs
ATHLETICS
Library
Admissions
University Campus
Graduate
Online
Education Centers
Military Students
international students
Student advising
Registrar
Contact Admissions
Academic Catalog
tuition & financial aid
tuition & costs
financial aid
Student accounts
Grants & scholarships
Student loans
corporate assistance
Military & Veteran Benefits
student experience
Campus Life
university Campus
Saint Leo worldwide
Student Advising
Career Services
Military students
international students
Student success stories
For Families
Visit Campus
Virtual Tour
about saint Leo
about saint Leo
Mission & Core Values
Catholic Identity
Military Heritage
our faculty
Campus security Safety
Alumni
Polling Institute
Points of Pride
Student Achievement
Employment
Accreditations
Resources
Calendar
Directory
news & events
Title IX
Blog
Degree Programs
Bachelors
Business
Criminal Justice
Creative Writing & English
Education
Health Professions
Human Services
Information Technology
Instructional Design
Math & Science
Psychology
Religion & Theology
Social Sciences
Social Work
Arts & Sciences
Campus Degree Programs
Bachelors
Business
Creative Writing & English
Criminal Justice
Education
Health Professions
Information Technology
Math & Science
Psychology
Religion & Theology
Social Science
Social Work
Arts & Sciences
Masters
Associate
Talk to us today: (800) 334-5532
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Saint Leo University Privacy Policy
Last Updated 1/8/20 This website is owned and operated by Saint Leo University. We at Saint Leo University, Inc. (referred to as "Saint Leo University", "we", "us", or "our") recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information ("information") collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "customers", "you", "visitors" or "your"). This privacy statement, effective June 1, 2018 discloses the privacy practices our collection, use, and disclosure of information.
Information Collection and Use
Anonymous User Information
We use a feature of Internet web browsers called "cookies". Cookies are generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any website on the Internet. Cookies enable us to "remember" who you are, to store your user preferences to track user trends and search patterns in general. We use cookies to improve the quality of the information and services we offer and to better understand how users interact with us. In some secured areas of our website, cookies are required to associate you with your personal information stored in our systems.We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information. The cookie technology we use cannot obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virusYou can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features or services we offer at this website may not function properly.We collect anonymous information about all of our website visitors each time they visit our website so that we can understand how people are using the website and so that we can improve upon the overall quality of our visitors' online experience. We record the date and time of your visit, the page you visited, your IP address, the Internet service provider you are using, referral data, the type of browser you are using and the type of operating system you are using. You do not have to register with us before we can collect this anonymous information. We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We do not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or email address in order for you to use our website. We analyze information we collect about our visitors to examine trends, administer the site, track our visitors' paths through the website.
Personally Identifiable Information
In addition to the information automatically collected by your browser, we also collect information that you provide to us when you request information about a particular school, educational program or product. Our websites provide users the opportunity to request information from schools and companies, and to learn about various opportunities. These information request sites require users to provide us with contact information (name, address, phone number, email address, gender, age, work experience, etc.) as well as information specific to the program or product. We collect this information that you provide and may use it to make your future requests from our websites easier by prepopulating contact forms with the information that you have provided. Information you provide to us is used for marketing purposes and may result in follow-up communications from one of our partners or clients.
E-commerce - everal sites within Saint Leo University enable you to pay for products or services online with a credit card. Unless otherwise noted, these transactions are encrypted. It is university policy that sensitive information you enter in the transaction is used only for the purposes described in that transaction unless an additional use is specifically stated on that site.
Online Surveys - At any time there are numerous online surveys being conducted by the University. It is University policy that sensitive information gathered in these online surveys is used only for the purposes indicated in the survey. Aggregate data from surveys may be shared with external third parties.
Use of Internet Protocol ("IP") Addresses for External Users
An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are connected to the Internet. Technically speaking, your IP address could be used to reveal or be associated with your true identity, however, by law we do not have access to that information. An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are connected to the Internet. Technically speaking, your IP address could be used to reveal or be associated with your true identity, however, by law we do not have access to that information.
Express Consent to Receive Email and Text Messages
If you have provided prior expressed written consent in the process of requesting information from Saint Leo University about its educational offerings or services, or if you have provided prior express consent after becoming a student to receive email and texts, we may use email and text messages to communicate with you.
How to Stop Receiving TextsText OPTOUT to stop receiving text messages from Saint Leo University.
How to UnsubscribeIf you no longer wish to receive our emails, there is an unsubscribe link located in the footer of all emails that we send.
Transfer of Data
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with:
Authorized service providers: We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our website. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Business partners: When you make purchases, reservations or engage in promotions offered through our Site or our services, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
Other Situations: We also may disclose your information: In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, report or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States.
Security
The security of your personal data is important to us. While we take protective measures to keep that data secure through industry best practices and security protocols, it’s important to remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us at infosec@saintleo.edu
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Visiting Our Site From Outside the United States
If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. If you have questions or requests related to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please contact us at infosec@saintleo.edu
Children's Privacy
Our Service is not intended to address anyone under the age of 13 ("Child").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a Child without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Review and Correction
You may review and update the personal information you have provided to us by contacting us at infosec@saintleo.edu
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us by email as follows: infosec@saintleo.edu
Contact Information for Faculty and Staff
If you have any questions about the Data Privacy Policy or Saint Leo University Privacy Policy posted on the Saint Leo University website(s), you can contact:
Saint Leo UniversityInformation Security DepartmentEmail: infosec@saintleo.eduPhone: (352)588-6675
33701 State Road 52, St. Leo, FL 33574Call (800) 334-5532 • Campus (352) 588-8200
accessibility
athletics
Department Directory
campus store
ca requirements
accreditations
disclosures
privacy policy