https://www.metrocontinuingeducation.ca/refund-policy/
closeView Metro's COVID-19 Program Updates and School Re-entry Strategy. Learn More
High School & Upgrading
Fall & Winter High School Credit
Summer School
Study Skills & Exam Prep
Tutoring
Elementary & Junior High
Out-of-School Programs
Summer Camps
Junior High Summer Camps
Elementary Summer Camps
Young Writers’ Camps
Personal & Professional Courses
Class Listing
Program Areas
Custom & Corporate Training
ESL & LINC
LINC Program
ESL Classes
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Information & Refund Policy
Teach at Metro
Privacy Policy
Login
Email Us
Call Us
Customer Information & Refund Policy
Fee Payment
Course fees must be paid at the time of registration. No participant is allowed to attend class without having paid the full course fee or without proper billing authorization. Registered students are ultimately responsible for payment of fees, regardless of authorization for third-party invoicing. We regret we are unable to accept postdated cheques. Cheques returned due to “non-sufficient funds” (NSF) will be subject to a $25 service fee and will result in cancellation of the registration. For all fees paid by cash or cheque, refunds may take up to three weeks to process through Edmonton Public Schools Financial Services.
Cancellations
Metro reserves the right to cancel any class where difficulties arise in staffing or scheduling or where a minimum enrolment is not achieved. A full refund will be issued for all cancelled classes.
Withdrawals / Transfers / Refunds
Transfers and withdrawals may be subject to withdrawal/transfer fees. Refunds may take up to three weeks to process through Edmonton Public Schools Financial Services. Non-attendance for a class does not constitute a withdrawal and refunds are not issued for non-attendance.
Metro administers withdrawals and refunds related to class offerings as outlined in the following program areas:
High School Credit Courses
If you submit a withdrawal form before the start of the third class of a course, textbook deposit and 100% of the tuition will be refunded. The $60 program fee is non-refundable. If you submit a withdrawal form before the start of the fifth class of a course, textbook deposit and 50% of the tuition will be refunded. The $60 program fee is non-refundable. No refunds will be issued after the start of the fifth class of a course. The $100 textbook deposit (if applicable) will be refunded upon satisfactory return of textbook. Non-attendance does not constitute a withdrawal. Refunds may take up to three weeks to process.
Adult Continuing Education Programs
Unless otherwise indicated, these programs are designed for adult students. If you are a youth who is interested in participating in adult courses, please contact Metro at 780.428.1111 for assistance. To receive a full refund of class fees, Metro’s Customer Service and Registration Office must be notified of your withdrawal two full business days (unless otherwise noted in the class information) prior to the starting date of the class. Otherwise, no refund will be issued. Transfers may be made up to two full business days (unless otherwise noted in the class information) prior to the start date of the class. After that time, transfers will not be permitted and no refund will be issued.
Online Learning: You have two weeks after enrolment to request partial refund or transfer if you are unable to complete the class due to medical or extenuating circumstances. No refund will be issued after an online class has been completed.
English Language Institute
Transfer of Acceptance
If you are unable to start classes as outlined in your original acceptance letter, fee payment may be transferred from one session to another, on a one-time basis only. Contact Student Services at the English Language Institute to discuss this and determine whether it can be arranged.
NOTE for Non-Permanent Resident Applicants Already in Canada:
If you are already in Canada on a general temporary resident visa, a work permit or a study permit, and you are registered and attending an English Language Institute course in progress, no refund will be issued except for reasons related to immigration.
Permanent Residents
Metro’s registration office must be notified of your withdrawal three full business days prior to the starting date of the class for you to receive a full refund, less a $250 processing fee and a $40 application fee. If you withdraw after the start of class and more than half the course has been completed, after that time, no refund will be issued.
International Students
Adult international students are advised to read the refund policy carefully before paying fees. If you applied for a study permit or an extension of a study permit based on an acceptance letter from Metro and you are unable to obtain that permit or permit extension, you will receive a refund of course fees paid, less a $250 processing fee and a$40 application fee. The refund will be issued when you return the original acceptance letter and /or acceptable documentation from Citizenship and Immigration Canada stating that you have been denied a study permit.
Stay in touch
Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates on new courses, important information and current promotions.