http://www.nla.gov.au/friends/friends-of-the-national-library-privacy-policy
Jump to content
Our summer opening hours will be in place from Thursday 24 December 2020 until Saturday 2 January 2021. The Library will close at 5pm on Christmas Eve, Thursday 24 December. Check our summer opening hours before planning your visit.
Close alert
Collections
Collections menu
What we collectRecent acquisition highlights
Archived websites
Asian
Dance
Ephemera
Indigenous
Manuscripts
Maps
Music
Newspapers
Oral history and folklore
Pacific
Pictures
Preserving our collections
Building our collectionsCollecting multicultural Australia
Acquisitions wish list
Selected Library collections
Collection statistics
History of the collection
Processing and describing our collections
Using the Library
Using the library
Getting startedAsk a Librarian
Get a Library card
Getting started videos
Frequently asked questions
Research tools and resourcesFamily history research
Research guides
Published guides and bibliographies
Private researchers and valuers
Australian Joint Copying Project
LearningDigital Classroom
Learning sessions
School and teacher programs
Reading roomsUsing the reading rooms
Main Reading Room
Special Collections Reading Room
Petherick Reading Room
Copies and interlibrary loansCopies and interlibrary loans for individuals
Copies and interlibrary loans for libraries
Supply1 for libraries
Copyright in library collections
Services for publishersLegal deposit
Prepublication Data Service
ISBN
ISMN
ISSN
Services for librariesLibraries Australia
NSLA eResources
Australian Libraries Gateway
Australian Interlibrary Resource Sharing (ILRS)
Stories
stories menu block
Newsletter
Media centre
Video
Blogs
Podcasts
News
NLA Publishing
What's on
Visit
Visit us
Opening hours
Getting to the Library
Bookplate and Paperplate cafes
Bookshop
Venue hire
Facilities and access
About us
About us
Who we are
Jobs at the Library
Fellowships, Scholarships and Grants
Corporate documents
Tenders
Our building
Contact us
Support us
Support us
Give to the 2020 appeal
Make a bequest
Our patrons
Friends of the Library
Volunteer
Support fellowships and scholarships
You are hereHome / Support us / Friends of the Library / For Friends / Friends Privacy Policy
Friends Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1.1. Purpose
This policy sets out the intention and direction by which the Friends of the National Library of Australia Incorporated (‘the Friends’) approaches and manages the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Clth).
The Privacy Act regulates how certain incorporated associations store, use and disclose personal information, and how individuals can access information held. It requires the Friends to comply with the APPs and take reasonable steps to implement practices, procedures and systems relating to personal information.
This policy applies only to personal information the Friends specifically collects from members of the Friends, persons who attend Friends’ events and persons who provide products and services to the Friends.
This policy applies to all members of the Friends and staff of the Friends.
1.2. Objectives
In accordance with APP 1, this policy supports the principles outlined in the Privacy Act by:
providing general guidance for managing personal information collected, held, used or disclosed by the Friends;
promoting the management of all personal information held by the Friends in an open and transparent way;
addressing the APPs in the Friends context; and
encouraging, promoting and facilitating a Friends-wide understanding of the principles and how they apply.
1.3. Who should read this policy?
Friends members;
contractors, consultants, suppliers or vendors of goods or services to the Friends;
applicants to the Friends for information under the Freedom of Information Act 1982;
individuals whose personal information may be collected, held, used or disclosed by the Friends.
1.4. The Friends and Privacy
This policy sets out how the Friends complies with the Privacy Act. The key areas of Friends functions which may involve the collection of personal information include : consideration and approval of persons for membership of the Friends; Friends events and activities; e-commerce activities; personnel management;.
1.5. Personal Information collected by the Friends
In accordance with APP 1, personal information about individuals may be collected by the Friends from the individual, or from a third party.
The Friends uses forms, online systems and other electronic or paper correspondence to collect personal information. The Friends will not collect personal information unless the information is deemed reasonably necessary for or directly related to one or more of the Friends’ functions or activities.
The Friends is required to ensure that any information it collects is relevant for the purpose for which it is collected. The Friends may only collect personal information by lawful and fair means and generally collects the information from the individual personally.
The Friends currently collects and holds the following classes of personal information:
Friends membership applications;
membership records of the Friends ;
user feedback database;
surveys and evaluations;
online event ticketing;
sponsorship and fundraising information;
electronic mailing lists relating to the activities of the Friends;
personnel records;
corporate mailing lists; and
financial information and accounting system records.
Sensitive personal informationThere is a distinction in the Privacy Act between personal information and ‘sensitive information’. The Friends will not seek information which it does not need. Sensitive personal information includes information or opinion about an individual’s:
racial or ethnic origin;
political opinions and association;
religious beliefs or affiliations;
philosophical beliefs;
sexual preferences or practices;
trade or professional associations and memberships;
union membership;
criminal record; and
health or genetic information.
The Friends will not collect this personal information.
1.6. Authority and purpose for collecting personal information
In accordance with APP 1 the purpose for which the Friends collects personal information complies with the objects of the Friends as set out in its Rules which identify the Friend’s functions as:
(i) to encourage public and private support for the National Library of Australia through appreciation of the aims and objectives of the Library, and therefore to develop within the Australian community at large a tradition of caring for, and cherishing, the Library as a national institution(ii) to foster among members of the Association and other interested parties a sense of involvement with, and understanding of, the collections, objectives and operations of the National Library of Australia(iii) to encourage, support and promote the work of individuals and organisations making a contribution to Australian culture(iv) to raise funds for activities of the Association, consistent with the objects of the Association(v) to publicise the resources and facilities of the National Library of Australia and to stimulate greater awareness within the community of the role of the Library(vi) to encourage and promote such other purposes of the National Library of Australia consistent with the Objects of the Association, including through donations of funds to the National Library of Australia and other organisations and individuals and(vii) to co-operate with other Australian libraries, museums and kindred organisations from time to time for any purposes consistent with these Objects.
1.7. How the Friends holds personal information
In accordance with APP 1, the Friends holds personal information in searchable electronic data bases; financial management systems; online booking systems; Excel applications; membership systems; electronic and paper files. Access to the databases, systems and electronic and paper files is limited to authorised users only.
1.8. Access to and correction of personal information
In accordance with APP 1, an individual may access his or her personal information held by the Friends and may seek correction of such information.
Access to personal information – APP 12An individual has a right under APP 12 to access his or her personal information held by the Friends. The right of access is subject to the relevant exemptions in the Freedom of Information Act and any Act of the Commonwealth.
The Friends has a legal obligation to respond to requests for access to personal information within 30 days and to give written reasons for any refusal to release information.
Amendment of personal information – APP 13The Friends will take reasonable steps to correct personal information that it holds to ensure it is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading.
Individuals can request information the Friends holds about them to be corrected. The Friends has a legal obligation to respond within 30 days and must provide written reasons if the request to amend personal information is refused.
1.9. Use and disclosure of personal information
APP 6 provides guidance about the use and disclosure of personal information. The Friends holds personal information that is collected for particular purposes and will not use or disclose it for another purpose, unless the individual provides consent to disclosure, or disclosure falls within the guidelines set out in APP 6.
1.10. Disclosure of personal information to overseas recipients
In accordance with APP 1, the Friends is unlikely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients.
APP 8 places obligations on the Friends for disclosure of personal information to overseas entities, when the recipient is not in Australia or an external Territory. If personal information is disclosed overseas, the Friends will take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the APPs.
1.11. Accidental or unauthorised disclosure of personal information
The Friends protects personal information it holds and will take seriously and deal promptly with any accidental or unauthorised disclosure of personal information.
External service providers who handle personal information about the Friends’ staff, members or other individuals are required to comply with the requirements of the Privacy Act.
1.12. Data quality storage and security
APP 11 requires that the Friends takes reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
The Friends manages its online services and IT systems through the systems operated by the National Library of Australia. The Library manages its online services and IT systems in accordance with the Australian Government Protective Security Policy Framework and the Australian Government Information Security Manual.
The objectives of the Library’s IT Security framework are:
To ensure that appropriate, cost effective safeguards and procedures are adopted to protect Library information assets and associated information technology resources;
To ensure that Library personnel, contractors, vendors and visitors are aware of their accountability for the effective operation of these safeguards; and
To ensure auditability of information technology resource safeguards and procedures.
The Library’s IT management procedures and practices require that:
personal information must be stored on a network file server with restricted access permissions;
safeguards include procedures for cleansing PCs, servers and storage systems of personal information prior to the PC being disposed or used for another purpose;
personal information may only be stored on a removable media provided it is password-protected and stored in a secure place;
controls to address the risk of unauthorized access to personal data through Internet-based hackers, weak passwords or malware and viruses; and
a responsible staff culture is fostered through continual information security awareness and training tailored to roles and responsibilities.
Storage of information (and the disposal of information when no longer required) is managed in accordance with Australian Government records management regulations, guidelines and authorities, including the Archives Act, Records Authorities and General Disposal Authorities.
1.13. Our website
The Friends publishes a privacy notice on its website.
2. Complaints
In accordance with APP 1, an individual may complain about a breach of the APPs. The Friends will take reasonable steps to deal with enquiries or complaints about compliance with the APPs. The Friends will send a considered response to complaints or suggestions within 30 days. The Friends is committed to quick and fair resolution of complaints and will ensure that all complaints are taken seriously.
Complaints about the Friends’ personal information handling practices may also be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
3. How to contact us
In accordance with APP1, an individual may contact the Privacy Contact Officer to:
obtain access to their personal information;
make a complaint about a breach of privacy;
query how personal information is collected, stored, used or disclosed;
request a free copy of the privacy policy; or
ask questions about the Friends’ privacy policy.
General enquiries about the Friends’ compliance with the APPs can be made via:friends@nla.gov.au Telephone 02 62621551 National Relay Service 133 677 (for hearing impaired callers) Fax +[02 6257 1703]Or writing toFriends Executive Officer National Library of Australia Parkes Place Parkes ACT 2610 Australia
3.1. Related documents
Australian Government documents:
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth);
Criminal Code Act 1995 (Cth);
Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth);
Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission Act 1986 (Cth);
Merit Protection (Australian Government Employees) Act 1984 (Cth);
National Library Act 1960 (Cth);
Australian Information Commissioners Act 2010 (Cth);
Public Service Act 1999 (Cth); and
Ombudsman Act 1976 (Cth).
4. Privacy Policy Updates
In accordance with APP 1 the Friends reviews this policy every 12 months to ensure it is up-to-date.
Last updated April 2016
Support us
Give to the 2020 appeal
Make a bequest
Our PatronsBecome a Patron
Our partners
Become a volunteerVolunteers application
Friends of the LibraryJoin or renew
Benefits
For FriendsFriends Privacy Policy
Friends newsletter
Friends corporate documents
Support fellowships and scholarships
Donate collection materialDonate to Pictures & Manuscripts
Cultural Gifts Program and tax incentives
Other collecting institutions
Donation FAQs
YouTube Newsletter
QuicklinksJobs at the LibraryAwards and grantsCopies DirectLibraries AustraliaWebsites A–Z