http://www.seattleu.edu/policies/privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
Skip to site navigation
Skip to contact information
Skip to Apply, Request Info, Jobs, Contact links
Winter 2021 & COVID-19 INFORMATION
Complete your daily
Safe Start Health Check screening.
Policies
SU Home
PoliciesPrivacy Statement
PoliciesToggle site navigation menu
Privacy StatementWebsite Terms and Conditions of UseNondiscrimination PolicyCopyright PolicyTobacco FreeDigital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)Faculty Guide To Course-Pack ProductionFrequently Asked QuestionsGuidelines Relating To Classroom Copying For Non-Profit Educational UseRaffles Policy and Resources
Privacy Statement
Last Updated: February 20, 2020
1. Acceptance of Terms.  Welcome to this website ("website") which is published by a Seattle University ("SU") education, research, or service area (internal or external to SU). Use of this website is voluntary. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information ("PII") and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website.
2. Non-Personal Information Seattle University Collects From You.  SU automatically collects information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;
The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to a SU;
The date and time you accessed a SU website;
The pages you visited; and
The web browser and operating system you used to access a SU website.
This information ("non-personal information") does not identify you personally unless you also provided personal information such as name, username, email, mailing address, social network information, and phone number. SU uses information to monitor the effectiveness of this website and to consider potential improvements to this website. SU may combine collected data from your visit to the website with additional information from SU.
3. Personally Identifiable Information Seattle University Might Collect From You. SU may request that you voluntarily provide certain PII to participate in the password-protected areas, download information, join SU mailing lists, engage in payment transactions, or for other purposes (as defined in the Website Terms and Conditions of Use). SU does not collect any PII about you when you visit this website unless you give SU that information. You may choose not to provide PII via this website.
4. Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information. Unless there are restrictions on use of your PII or unless SU tells you otherwise, SU (or third parties engaged by SU) may use your PII to:
Administer your participation in this website;
Communicate information SU thinks may be of interest to you;
Fulfill your requests for services or materials;
Contact you;
Conduct research or surveys;
Respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; and
Establish or exercise SU's legal rights or defend against legal claims.
5. Sharing Your Information.   SU may disclose your PII to other authorized users of this website. SU may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate this website and the services SU provides, and they may have access to PII. Authorized users are SU employees or third parties who have been granted access and have a need to know the information collected in order to fulfill SU's mission and business needs. SU may disclose PII to other affiliated institutions and/or if SU is required to do so by law.  For further information, please read the Seattle University Data Privacy Policy: http://www.seattleu.edu/policies/
6. Use of Cookies. Seattle U uses various technologies such as cookies, web analytics like Google Analytics, applets, scripts, server logs, custom URL parameters, and tracking pixels, to collect information. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site. Cookies are widely used by site owners in order to make their sites work more efficiently. SU may use information from cookies for purposes such as website administration or assessing the technical function of this website. SU may also use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within this website to help SU gauge the effectiveness of this website or SU content. Depending on your browser you may be able to disable certain collection methods. This may limit your ability to use some features of this website.
7. Linked Sites.  SU may provide links on this website to other sites of interest. Your use of such linked websites is subject to the privacy statements of the providers of those websites. SU encourages you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit.
8. Security Measures.  SU works hard to protect the security of the information that you provide to SU. While SU strives to protect your information through measures that protect SU systems, such security cannot be guaranteed. Consequently, SU does not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.
9. Reviewing Information.  You may contact us via one of the contact methods described in the  if you wish to discuss any issues regarding your PII.
10. Changes.  SU may change this Online Privacy Statement from time to time. If SU does make a change, SU will post the revised Online Privacy Statement on this website. SU encourages you to review this Online Privacy Statement periodically.
Questions, comments or complaints about the Seattle University Online Privacy Statement should be submitted to SU via the methods described in the .
Related Policies
Seattle University Data Privacy Policy: http://www.seattleu.edu/policies/
Seattle University Information Technology Acceptable Use Policy: http://www.seattleu.edu/policies/
© Seattle University