https://www.cccs.edu/privacy
Join Us. Donate
Search box:
Enter your search
Staff/Faculty
State Board
We are the state’s largest system of higher education, serving more than 137,000 students annually at 13 colleges and 39 locations across Colorado.
About the State Board
Board Meetings
Strategic Plan & Annual Reports
Bylaws
Policies and Procedures
System Office
We promise more than 1,000 programs with a clear path for you to follow that will lead to a certificate, a degree, a transfer opportunity with a four-year university, or a rewarding career.
About CCCS
Chancellor
Foundation for CCCS
History
Join Our Team
Support CCCS
Colleges & Programs
We promise hands-on, relevant training for all who seek to sharpen skills, get certified, and switch careers or learn new ones in order to change their careers and their lives.
CCCS Colleges
Bridge to Bachelor’s Degree Program
Explore College Programs
Middle and High School Programs
CCCOnline
Spring 2021
Paying for College
Credit for Workforce Experience
CTE Student Organizations
Need Help?
Industry Collaboration
We promise campuses with open enrollment throughout the state, giving people in rural, suburban and urban areas alike access to affordable classes close to home.
Customized Workforce Training
Industry Recognized Credentials
Workforce Incentives
Partner with Us
Post A Job With Us
Apprenticeship
CO-HELPS
CO-TECH
Resources
Our colleges create a significant positive impact on the business community and generate a return on investment to students, taxpayers, and society.
CCCS Facts & Figures
Workforce Reports
Trade Adjustment Assistance
Institutional Research
CTE Industries and Jobs
Veterans Education & Training
News
We are the state’s largest system of higher education, serving more than 137,000 students annually at 13 colleges and 39 locations across Colorado.
CCCS News
Chancellor’s Office
Press Releases
Email CCCS Public Affairs
Media Kit
Privacy
HomePrivacy
Web Site Usage Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Information on this Site
Although the authors of this web site have made every reasonable effort to be factually accurate, no responsibility, whether written or implied, is assumed by CCCS for editorial and/or clerical errors or error occasioned by honest mistake.
All information contained on this web site is subject to change by the appropriate officials of the Colorado Community College System without prior notice.
Material on this web site does not serve as a contract between the Colorado Community College System and any other party.
External Links
This web site may have links to non-CCCS web sites. CCCS is not responsible for the accuracy of or the subject matter on such sites. Please contact the CCCS Webmaster if:
A link to an external site has expired or is incorrect;
The content of an external web site does not relate to CCCS activities or is deemed objectionable.
Linking to CCCS Sites
Any site wishing to link to the CCCS site should notify the CCCS Webmaster.
Privacy
Any user information gathered through a CCCS web site is used only for the purpose it was given (i.e. requesting CCCS academic information). Such information is confidential and not disseminated to third parties unless stated and consented to by the user or is required by law.