http://www.usm.maine.edu/about/privacy-policy
University of Maine System COVID-19 Information: Together for Maine: Principles for a Safe Return
University of Southern Maine Return-to-Campus Plans
Jump to main content
You are hereUSM Home › About USM › Privacy Policy
About USM
The University of Southern Maine recognizes the importance of privacy to visitors of our website ("usm.maine.edu"). This Privacy Policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit our website and discloses the privacy practices for all USM ("University of Southern Maine") web pages.
The University is part of the larger University of Maine System and utilizes many shared web-based services through their web presence ("maine.edu"). These services may collect and utilize different or additional information than is identified here.
Contact Information We Collect
USM requires you to provide contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address, zip code and country of residence) when you request information about academic programs or other services. This contact information is used to provide you with the specific information you requested in the most appropriate manner. Occasionally, you may receive subsequent notifications of important information regarding the programs and/or services for which you made your initial inquiry.
Device Information We Collect
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access usm.maine.edu, such as IP address, geo-location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language or other information of this nature. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to the USM website. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses to third parties. Web server logs are retained on a temporary basis and then deleted from our systems. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Third-Party Cookies
Cookies may be set by an organization other than USM. These "third-party cookies" may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook or other social media services for which USM website has implemented "plug-ins." Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly. You may disable these third-party cookies through your individual browser options.
Links to Third-Party Websites
We may provide hyperlinks to third-party websites as a convenience to users of the USM website. Our website does not control third-party websites and is not responsible for the contents of any linked-to third-party websites or any hyperlink in a linked-to website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites.
We may contract with third-party service providers to deliver specialized services to our customers. These services are reviewed regularly and are only permitted to collect information from you to perform the specific functions we have contracted for. Each of these contracts contains strict security and privacy statements.
Email Policy
Our website allows you to subscribe online, and receive communications via email. If you no longer wish to receive this email, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each email.
If you send us email messages, you should be aware that information disclosed in email is not secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in email. We may use your email address to respond directly to your questions or comments.
We will not share, sell, rent or swap your email address for commercial purposes.
Accepted students, current students, faculty members, and staff members of the university should review our Electronic Mail Policy and Email Communication Policy.
Information Protection
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information we gather about you, we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the information.
Financial Transactions
Our website allows you to pay tuition, deposits, and for other fees and services. These transactions are conducted through a third-party payment processing system in a secure manner. When processing payments, we only keep electronic receipts for transactions, not cardholder data.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. Please review our Confidentiality of Student Records Policy.
Payment Card Industry (PCI)
Payment Card Industry security standards were created by the major credit card issuers to protect personal information and ensure security when transactions are processed using a card. All members of the payment card industry (financial institutions, credit card companies and merchants) must comply with these standards if they want to accept credit cards.
Your Consent
By using this site ("usm.maine.edu"), you consent to the collection and use of this information by the University of Southern Maine as described in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this site, you may contact us at webmaster@usm.maine.edu.