http://www.aacu.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Association of American Colleges & Universities
Jump to navigation
Association of American Colleges & Universities
A VOICE AND A FORCE FOR LIBERAL EDUCATION
Donate
Main menu
AboutAboutMission & Strategic Plan
Leadership
Staff Directory
AAC&U Fellows and Scholars
Awards
Giving & Sponsorship
Employment Opportunities
MembershipMembershipJoin AAC&U
Member Institutions
My Account
Areas of FocusAreas of FocusAdvocacy for Liberal Education
Diversity, Equity, and Student Success
Global Citizenship for Campus, Community, and Careers
Quality, Curriculum, and Assessment
Undergraduate STEM Education
Publications & ResearchPublications & ResearchPublications
Research
AAC&U News
Blog
Diversity & Democracy
Liberal Education
Peer Review
EventsEventsAnnual Meeting
AAC&U Conferences
Project Kaleidoscope (PKAL) Events
Summer Institutes
Webinars
NewsroomNewsroomPress Releases
Public Statements
Media Inquiries
AAC&U in the News
Search form
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us, and the following policy explains how we treat any information gathered. We will review this policy in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version. If you have any questions, please contact us.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on AAC&U's Web site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials or attend meetings. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
E-mail addresses.
Accounts: on some parts of the site we ask you to create an account, and if you do, we ask for your name, e-mail address, postal address, and other personal information. Certain team meeting registrations require the names of other people.
Payment information, transferred securely through VeriSign.
Information collected with cookies (see below).
Like many other Web sites, aacu.org uses cookies. Cookies are small files which many Web sites transfer to your computer in order to remember usernames, passwords, preferences, and other user data (think Amazon.com's recommendations). They can inform the Web site what pages you visit and your preferences, which enable Web sites to provide you with a more personalized service. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to warn you before accepting them.
Even though we use cookies, most parts of our site can be accessed even if your cookies are turned off.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide to complete your order as requested (for publications or meeting registrations) and to better understand the AAC&U audience.
We will send notices about Calls for Proposals for our meetings, as well as links to full-text articles and resource materials recently posted, but AAC&U does not sell email addresses, but AAC&U provides an easy way to opt out of any unwanted emails or mailings. We occasionally rent our postal mailing list.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site. For example, we use a Web analytics program to learn what our most and least popular pages and resources are in order to improve our site overall. We do not disclose anything that could be used to identify individual visits.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access your personal information that we collect online and maintain by visiting your profile page.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact us. Write to support@aacu.org
About AAC&U
Mission & Strategic Plan
Leadership
Staff Directory
AAC&U Fellows and Scholars
Awards
Giving & Sponsorships
Employment Opportunities
© Association of American Colleges and Universities
1818 R Street NW | Washington, DC 20009
202-387-3760 | information@aacu.org
Privacy Policy | Non-Endorsement Statement
Join our email list