http://www.midamericamuseum.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Visit
Explore
Education
About
Donate
Back
Tickets
Hours and Prices
Birthday Parties
Dino-Lites!
Calendar
Back
Our Permanent Exhibits
Science Shows
New Exhibition Gallery
Bionic Me, temporary exhibit
Museum Map
Website Scavenger Hunt
Back
Field Trips
Science After School
Workshops + Outreaches + Distance Learning
Scientots
Home School Days
Science at Home : November
Girls in STEM
Scouts
Tinkering Studio
Back
Memberships
History + Mission
Staff + Board
Careers
Volunteers
Team Tesla Volunteers
Press Kit
Privacy Policy
Financial Information
Community Partners
Contact Us
Back
Donate
Hello Taste
Privacy Policy  Mid-America Science Museum
is the sole owner of the information collected on this site and protects the privacy of our donors, members, volunteers and visitors. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others except as explained in this statement. Mid-America Science Museum collects information from users on our website in some or all of the following ways:RegistrationIn order to use certain parts of this website, users may be asked to first complete a registration form. During registration, users may be asked to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used only to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. Users may also be asked to provide demographic information (such as zip code, age, or gender). To support Mid-America Science Museum's mission to provide science education to all people, we may share general demographic statistics about the users of our site with other organizations. Mid-America Science Museum will not share specific information about an individual user without that user's consent.PurchasesWe request information from our customers during online purchases of goods or services. During purchases, users must provide contact information (like name, shipping address, and email address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used only for billing purposes and to fill the customer's order. If we have trouble processing an order, contact information is used to get in touch with the customer. Mid-America Science Museum does not share individual purchase information with any other commercial enterprise.Donor Privacy PolicyMid-America Science Museum will not share or sell donor personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all donor information received on any platform (including website and mobile applications) as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. Donors can be removed at anytime from our mailing list by contacting the Director of Development at 501-767-3461 ext. 114.Email CommunicationMid-America Science Museum offers regular email communications for visitors interested in opting in to receiving information about upcoming exhibits, shows, and events. Mid-America Science Museum and Constant Contact do not sell or rent our email mailing lists. Subscribers may unsubscribe from our email lists at any time by clicking the link provided at the bottom of each email communication.Log FilesLike most websites, Mid-America Science Museum uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement through the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.CommentsMid-America Science Museum provides ways for users to give us their comments on the Museum website. Personal information provided with these comments is not shared outside of Mid-America Science Museum and is used internally only to respond to specific comments.Surveys and ContestsFrom time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age or grade level, etc). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. In cases where a contest is sponsored by a third party, contest entrants' contact information may be shared with the third party sponsor. Survey information will be used for purposes of science education or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.LinksMid-America Science Museum's website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that the Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Mid-America Science Museum's website.SecurityMid-America Science Museum takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline using industry standard systems.If you have any questions about the security of our website, please email: info@midamericamuseum.orgNotification of Changes to Mid-America Science Museum’s Website Privacy PolicyIf Mid-America Science Museum decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.