http://www.regents-tc.ac.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Regents Theological College we collect different types of information about our users for the following main reasons:
To provide a useful resource in the form of an online directory of users.
To provide an interactive web site where email is used to communicate with the users.
To provide a security mechanism whereby we can restrict content to certain groups of users.
To help us to improve the service we offer.
Our principles
We are absolutely committed to protecting your privacy. Our policy can be summarised in one sentence: we will not share your information with others without your consent.
We have established the following two principles:
We will respect your email privacy. You will only receive email from Regents Theological College in relation to areas you have expressly signed up for.
We will not share any individual user details (including your email address) to any third party without your consent.
What information do we collect?
We collect information on our users through registration.
The minimum information we need to register a user is your first and last name and a password. We also ask for some further, voluntary information so we can provide a richer, more useful address book.
Who will have access to your information?
You have control over who is able to access specific items of information. By default your personal information will be visible to other authenticated users of the site. You can change these settings from your personal profile page. Your information will be used to build the online address book and show your birthday in the Regents Theological College calendar.
What else you should know about privacy
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe. You as an individual are responsible for the security of, and access to, your own computer.
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your usernames and passwords and any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the Internet.
Our pages may contain links to other websites, and you should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices on other websites.
Any Questions?
Contact us via email at info@regents-tc.ac.uk
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.