http://www.gateshead.ac.uk/privacy-notice
Home
/
Privacy Notice
Back
Privacy Notice
We believe that you should know what data we collect from you, how we use it and how we keep it safe.
This Privacy Notice describes how Gateshead College does this.
Gateshead College is the data controller for the purposes of data protection laws.
Our Privacy Notice is updated from time-to-time and, if it changes, we will put an alert on our website to tell you.
What this notice applies to
It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our websites
People who use or may use our services. This includes for example:
individuals who study a course with us
employers who purchase training from us
employers who take a student on work experience or placement
employers who employ an Apprentice Individuals who are customers of the college’s commercial operations eg Botanica Salon and Spa, Enfields, Greenhouse Brasserie
Individuals who request information from us. If you are asked to provide information to us, it will only be used in the ways described in this Privacy Notice.
Column one describes the purpose of the data usage and column two describes it's lawful basis
Purpose and lawful basis
Purpose
Lawful basis
To meet our legal and  statutory duties and responsibilities
Statutory obligation
To provide you with an education / deliver our courses
Statutory obligation / performance of a contract
To process applications,  enrolments and workforce  development programmes  and contracts
Contractual obligation
For our own internal  records so that we can  provide you with a high quality service
Legitimate interests so that we can ensure that  we continually improve our service provision
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
Explicit consent
Legitimate interests – so  we can send additional  and relevant information relating to your initial enquiry.
If you are a customer of a  commercial service of the college e.g. Botanica Salon and Spa or Greenhouse Brasserie
Performance of a contract
To contact you about  services, products, offers and other things provided by us which we think may  be relevant to you
Explicit consent
To contact you via e-mail telephone or mail for research purposes
Explicit consent
Disclosing your information to other parties, if required by law.
Legal, Public Interest
At no time will we assume your permission to use information that you provide for anything other than the reasons stated here.
Retention - how long we keep your information
We keep different types of data for different lengths of time depending on need and our obligations. These are explained in our Data Protection Policy (a copy of which is available on request).
Data security – how we keep your information safe
We will hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong organisational and technical security safeguards.
If information is shared with another organisation (reasons for this are given in the section below) we will ensure an Information Sharing Agreement is in place.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the General Data Protection Regulation.
Any personal information we hold about you is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. We will not store your information outside the European Economic Area.
Information sharing & disclosure – who we share your information with
We do not sell or rent your personal information.
We may be required disclosed to appropriate staff members of Gateshead College to provide you with the services you have requested, and to government bodies to fulfil our statutory responsibilities such as the Skills Funding Agency, the Education Funding Agency, Ofsted, the Department for Education, the Local Authority and auditors.
Information may be shared with third parties if it is in connection with the service we are providing to you, for example we might share information with market research companies contracted to undertake work on our behalf to assess your satisfaction with our service. When we do this we always ensure that we have your consent to do so and that an Information Sharing Agreement is in place.
We may also share your personal information with any data processors we use to carry out certain functions, for example, a mailing house, email service providers, SMS messaging service, your employer (eg CVs, interview records, achievement outcomes if you are an Apprentice for example), Connexions, Go NorthEast for travel tickets, childcare providers to make payments on students’ behalf.
We will only share your personal information with other people eg parents or carers, or with agencies such as the Department of Work and Pensions with your permission.
If, as part of the entry requirements for your course or if you are applying for a job with Gateshead College, we need to take up a reference or obtain ‘disclosure’ from the Disclosure and Barring Service, we will inform you beforehand.
Third party software and applications – what we use
We may use third party software tools and platforms for processing data. We will only ever use recognised suppliers who can demonstrate their compliance with GDPR. These include for example:
MailChimp – an email service
Salesforce – a CRM service for our employer customers
Message Media - a messaging service which enables us to send reminders about events, classes, college emergency closures etc.
Livechat.com -  a live text chat platform
Zoom - a video chat platfom
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.gateshead.ac.uk we collect standard internet log information and visitor details of behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the different parts of the site. We collect the information in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website we will be up front about this, will ask for explicit consent and will make the purpose clear.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.
Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device you should set your web browser to refuse cookies. However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.
Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit it.
Controlling information about you
When you fill in a form or provide your details on our website, you may see one or more tick boxes allowing you to:
opt in to receive marketing communications from us by e-mail, telephone, text message or post opt in to receive marketing from our sponsors, third party partners by e-mail telephone, text message or post.
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
call us on 0191 490 0300
send an e-mail to DPO@gateshead.ac.uk
write to us:
Data Protection Officer
Gateshead College
Baltic Campus
Quarryfield Road
Baltic Business Quarter
Gateshead
NE8 3BE
We will include unsubscribe options on all of our marketing communications.
We will not lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
Links From Our Site
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control of websites outside of www.gateshead.ac.uk. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal information held by Gateshead College. You can make a ‘subject access request’ under the General Data Protection Regulation.
You have the right to ask for your information to be corrected or updated.
You have the right to ask (in certain circumstances) for your information to be deleted.
You have the right to data portability
You have the right to object to or restrict the processing of your information.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
You have the right to complain to the ICO To exercise any of these rights with us, please contact DPLead@gateshead.ac.uk or call 0191 490 0300.
Complaints or Queries
If you have any questions about our collection and use of personal data please contact us. We are happy to provide additional information if it is required.
Please contact the college Data Protection Lead at DPLead@gateshead.ac.uk. If you are unhappy with the response, you can contact the Information Commissioner at ico.org.uk/concerns or on 0303 123 1113.
Take a look
0191 490 0300
start@gateshead.ac.uk
Subjects
A Levels
Art & Design
Automotive
Business & Administration
Catering & Hospitality
Construction & Built Environment
Dance
Digital Technologies
Employability
Engineering & Manufacturing
English & Maths
ESOL
Games & Virtual Reality
Hairdressing & Beauty Therapy
Health & Safety
Health, Social Care & Early Years
Media, TV and Film
Music & Performing Arts
Science
Special Educational Needs (SEN)
Sport
Teaching
Transport & Logistics
Travel & Tourism
Uniformed Public Services
Study With Us
I'm 16-18
I'm an Adult
I'm an Employer
I'm a Parent
I'm Unemployed
How to Apply
Enrolment Events
Finance & Funding
Learning Support
Careers advice
Qualification Types Explained
Term Dates
Student Services
Our Campuses & Facilities
Academy for Sport
Apprenticeships
Apprenticeship Vacancies
What is an Apprenticeship?
Apprenticeship Stories
Employers
Our training
Meet the team
Our Partners
Customer stories
About Us
Contact Us
Find Us
Jobs
Gateshead College Foundation
Our Partners
College Governance
Publications & FOI
Grades & Results Information
My Account
We're here to help.
0191 490 0300
start@gateshead.ac.uk