http://www.newhavenfort.org.uk/privacy-policy
WE ARE CLOSED
READ OUR CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) RESPONSE HERE
STUNNING VIEWS
DISCOVER
A HIDDEN STORY
ADVENTURES
IN TIME
Privacy Policy
Wave Leisure Trust Ltd is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to newhavenfort.org.uk. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering or placing an order on this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
Information That We Collect From You
When you visit or complete our contact form on newhavenfort.org.uk you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name and contact details. We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
Use of Your Information
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our site and to supply the services you have requested. It will also enable us to contact you where necessary. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the site or our services. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you and we may contact you by post, telephone or e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know.
The information you provide to us will be held on our computers in the UK and may be accessed by or given to our staff and third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy. We may also pass aggregated information on the usage of our site to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow carefully selected third parties to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you. They may contact you by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know, by contacting us at the address at the bottom of the page.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of information which we store on your computer. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies although, in that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please let us know, by contacting us at the address at the bottom of the page.
Security & Data Retention
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Accessing & Updating
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the site.
Contact
Contact details for information requests should go to:
Head of Finance & Resources:
Wave Leisure Trust Ltd
Downs Leisure Centre
Sutton Road
Seaford
BN25 4QW
United Kingdom
Telephone: 01323 490011
Close cookie popup
This website uses cookies to enhance your user experience. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. For more information about cookies and how to manage them please view our privacy policy.