http://www.lander.edu/about/university-relations-publications/foia-policy
Skip to main content
FOIA Policy
HomeAboutUniversity Relations & PublicationsFOIA Policy
Explore This Section
Mission, Vision & Strategic Plan
Offices & Departments
Leadership
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information
Human Resources
Information Technology Services
University Relations & PublicationsLander Magazine
Web Accessibility
Copyright Policy
FOIA Policy
Privacy & Security
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
University Policies
Title IX
Statement of Non-Discrimination
LU Family Connections
Advancement & The Lander Foundation
Alumni Affairs
Campus Map & Directions
History
Lander University, as a public institution within the State of South Carolina, is committed to transparency with the public and media in regard to its operations and activities.
Lander University FOIA Policy
It is the policy of Lander University to, upon request, provide access to public records in accordance with Title 30, Chapter 4, of the South Carolina Code of Laws, also known as the “Freedom of Information Act” (FOIA).
Lander University respects the right of citizens to inspect or receive copies of public records and will in good faith respond to all requests with a spirit of cooperation and transparency. Requests for information are subject to review by the University’s FOIA Officer, General Counsel and others. The University will respond to written requests for information within 10 business days, for records less than 24 months in age; and within 20 business days, for records older than 24 months. If the request is granted, the responsive record(s) will be made available no later than 30 calendar days from the date on which the final determination was provided, unless the records are more than 24 months old, in which case the records will be made available no later than 35 calendar days from the date on which the final determination was provided.
Formal FOIA requests should be made in writing and submitted to FOIA@lander.edu or mailed to the Lander University FOIA Officer at:
Lander University
320 Stanley Avenue
Greenwood, SC 29649
ATTN: Megan Price, FOIA Officer
Requests should include “FOIA” in the email subject line or be clearly labeled and should offer specific details of the materials being requested.
All requests received by Lander University employees should be date-stamped and forwarded immediately to the university’s designated FOIA Officer.
Lander University’s FOIA Officer will notify the requestor as to the public availability of the records and of any fees associated with the production of records. Responsive records will be produced in accordance with S.C. Code of Laws § 30-4-30 (C).
Records or portions of records that are not considered public under the Freedom of Information Act and/or any applicable laws will be withheld or redacted.
Fee Schedule
As provided under S.C. Code of Laws § 30-4-10, Lander University may charge a reasonable fee for the search, retrieval, copying and redaction of public records.
Requests exceeding 50 pages may be charged at the rate of .10 per page for black-and-white copies and .50 per page for color copies. A rate of $20/hour may be assessed for staff preparation time exceeding two hours.
In some cases, additional charges may be applied for actual costs incurred by the university in order to respond to a request, including, but not limited to: postage/mailing; reproduction of oversized documents (i.e., posters/banners, brochures, blueprints, etc.); reproduction of multimedia (CDs, DVDs, etc.); and search/retrieval requiring specialized knowledge or skills.
While Lander University does not charge for electronic records, the university is not required to create an electronic version of a public record when one does not exist in order to fulfill a records request (S.C. Code of Laws § 30-4-30 (A)(2)).
Definitions and Exemptions
A “Public Record” includes, but is not limited to, all papers, manuals, books, photographs, cards, recordings or other documentary materials, regardless of physical form or characteristics, prepared, owned, used, in the possession of or retained by Lander University.
Lander University complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), a federal law designed to protect students’ privacy.
The Family Privacy Protection Act, S.C. Code § 30-2-50, prohibits any person or private entity from knowingly obtaining, using or distributing personal information obtained through a public records request for commercial solicitation directed to any person in the State of South Carolina. Violation of the provisions of this act is a crime. See S.C. Code of Laws § 30-2-50 (D) for fines and/or imprisonment imposed upon conviction for a knowing violation of this law.
Information For...
Prospective Students
Military & Veterans
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Prospective Students
Come see us for yourself!
Lander University offers a beautiful campus, modern residence halls, excellent academic programs and exciting sporting events. While to campus is closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we invite you to explore Lander virtually.
Schedule a Virtual Tour
Welcome to Lander University! At Lander, you are our priority. As a member of a close-knit community that welcomes individual flair, you’ll be known by name by peers and professors committed to your success. With study abroad experiences, intense and impactful research, more than 60 student organizations, performing arts and NCAA athletics, your Lander experience will launch you on a successful career and lifetime of learning.
Quick Links
Apply Now
Bearcat Web
Financial Aid
Areas of Study
Housing & Residence Life
Site Index
Dec 08
Transfer Tuesday 9:00am
Jan 05
Transfer Tuesday 9:00am
Jan 23
Saturday Tour 9:00am
More Events
Military & Veterans
Student Veteran receives $5,000 VFW Scholarship
Lander University honors students who have been called into active duty with the South Carolina National Guard by presenting them with deployment flags. The tradition was first announced at Lander’s Veterans Day program in November.
Read more
Because we cherish those who put their lives on the line for our country, we’re proud to provide Yellow Ribbon funding to each qualified accepted applicant. This means that costs associated with pursuing your education may be covered by the Post-9/11 GI Bill.
As a veteran, service member, or their families, you have all the resources you need from Lander to achieve your educational and career goals.
Quick Links
Military & Veterans Services
Military Tuition Rate
Apply for VA Education Benefits
South Carolina Free Tuition
Lander Is Tops for Veterans
According to recent rankings by College Consensus, Lander University is the 15th best public college in the country for veterans.
Read more...
Current Students
Lander University’s orientation sessions look different during COVID-19
Lander University proceeded with both excitement and caution as it opened its doors for First Year Orientation on Monday, July 20, a move that makes Lander one of the first colleges in the country to hold an in-person orientation option for freshman students and their parents in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Read more
Find links to helpful resources and information for current Lander University students, and quickly navigate to university departments and programs.
Quick Links
Lander Alert
Academic Resources
Student Resources
Technology Resources
Financial Aid
Student Records
Student Handbook
Site Index
Nov 17
Senior Art Exhibit (Nov. 17-Dec. 15) 10:00am
Dec 12
Commencement Ceremony - Spring 2020 10:00am
Dec 15
Commencement Ceremony - Fall 2020 10:00am
Dec 24
Winter Break Dec. 24-Jan. 3 (University Closed) 8:00am
More Events
Faculty & Staff
Online instruction enters new phase at Lander University: Adjust. Adapt. Learn.
For Dr. Mark Pilgrim, an associate professor of biology in Lander University’s Department of Biology, the switch to online learning for students and faculty came swiftly in March in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Adapting to new ways of teaching and helping students through the transition became mission critical for Lander University faculty, he said.
Read more
Find links to helpful resources and information for current Lander University faculty and staff, and quickly navigate to university departments and programs.
Quick Links
Technology Resources
Employee Resources
Academic Early Alerts
CARE Team
Faculty Senate
Staff Senate
Holiday Schedule
Academic Calendar
Site Index
Dec 12
Commencement for Spring 2020 10:00am
Dec 15
Commencement for Fall 2020 10:00am
Dec 24
Winter Break Dec. 24-Jan. 3 (University Closed) 8:00am
More Events
Alumni
Kappa Sigma raises money for scholarship during Lander University Homecoming
Celebrating their fortieth reunion, the brothers of Kappa Sigma fraternity sold barbecue plates to tailgaters as part of Lander’s 2020 Homecoming festivities on Saturday, Feb. 22. The funds raised from their cookout will support the Mary Kinard Able Scholarship fund.
Read more
Want to keep up with what's happening on the Lander campus and with Alumni Association events? Join nearly 9,000 alumni who subscribe to the Lander Alumni Email Newsletter.
To subscribe, complete the registration form  or contact Debbie Dill, Assistant Alumni Director.
Quick Links
Alumni Affairs
Alumni Association Board
Tower Clubs
Stay Connected
Want to keep up with what's happening on the Lander campus and with Alumni Association events? If you do, join our Alumni NetCommunity. Find out about alumni events such as Homecoming, Alumni Reunion Day, and Lander on the Road dates and locations. To subscribe, complete the registration form or contact the Alumni Association at alumni@lander.edu.
Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Youtube
Questions? Email us at webadmin@lander.edu.
Copyright © Lander University 2020
Clery Report
Consumer Information
Report Fraud
Statement of Non-Discrimination
Title IX
Tucker Hipps Transparency Report
Site Index