http://www.academickeys.com/all/privacy.php
Terms and Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL NOTICE BEFORE USING THIS SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THEM, DO
NOT USE THIS SITE.
Welcome to Academic Keys.
When you use or visit the Academic Keys website (this "Site"), you
are subject to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions").
These Terms and
Conditions include our Privacy Policy.
Please read them
carefully.
In addition, when you use any current or future Academic Keys services, you also will
be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
The Terms and
Conditions, including the Privacy Policy, may be amended by Academic Keys at any time by posting
the amended Terms and Conditions on this Site.
The Terms and Conditions were last amended on 15th of
September, 2008.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided by Academic Keys on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Academic Keys
makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this
site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site.
You expressly agree
that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
To the full extent permissible by law,
Academic Keys disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to,
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In particular,
Academic Keys does not guarantee that the use of this Site will result in job offers or
employment for those seeking employment opportunities, nor does it guarantee suitable applicants
will respond to job announcements by clients.
Academic Keys, its clients, and other users furnish information that is available on this Site. You
agree that errors contained in such information shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or
cause of action against Academic Keys or any information provider. Academic Keys attempts to
insure that the date and information provided on this Site are accurate and up-to-date, but accuracy
is not warranted or guaranteed.
Academic Keys does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Academic Keys are
free of viruses or other harmful components. Academic Keys will not be liable for any damages of any
kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive,
and consequential damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain damages.
If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above
disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Restrictions on Use
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Academic Keys's name or trademarks
without the express written consent of Academic Keys.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and
nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Academic Keys so long as the link does
not portray Academic Keys, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading,
derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
This right does not include any resale or commercial use
of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices;
any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for
the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction
tools.
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or
otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Academic Keys. You may
not frame or utilize framing techniques to capture or display any Academic Keys identity or content without
express written permission.
Those using this site to post jobs, submit resumes, or post other content agree to not: post any incomplete,
false, or inaccurate information; post any material that is threatening, embarrassing, abusive of others, or
racially offensive; or post materials that contain viruses, worms, time bombs, or other disruptive or damaging
computer programs. By posting your resume on this site, you are agreeing to having it viewed by all potential
employers, including your present employer.
Where appropriate, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password;
you should immediately notify Academic Keys of any unauthorized use of your password.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, images, photos, logos, button icons, screen savers,
audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Academic Keys			or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The compiled
content on this site is the exclusive property of Academic Keys and protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Academic Keys or its software
suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks & Logos
You may not use any Academic Keys logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link
without express written permission.
Other Academic Keys graphics, logos, page headers, button icons,
scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Academic Keys.
Academic Keys's
trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not
Academic Keys's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any
manner that disparages or discredits Academic Keys.
All other trademarks not owned by Academic Keys			or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may
not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Academic Keys or its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
Academic Keys is committed to protecting the privacy of our website users.
We want to provide a
safe, secure user experience.
We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information that we have
compiled and that you submit to us remains private.
All users should be aware, however, that when they
voluntarily distribute personal information (such as their email address), that information could be
collected and used by others.
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to our
website or your e-mail address to any outside parties, except with your permission.
From time to
time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously described in our
Privacy Policy.
If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post those
changes on the Site, and provide you with the ability to opt-out of those new uses.
If you are
concerned about how your information is used or disclosed, please check our online Privacy Policy from
time-to-time.
How We Use the Information We Collect From You
There are a number of areas on the Academic Keys website where we ask for and collect information about you, including personally identifiable information. Where we do, it is in order to serve you better, or is necessary to accomplish the service you are requesting. Examples include name, address, email, telephone number, educational and professional experience information, security identifiers, shipping information, and product purchase information.
In addition, Academic Keys's on-line Who's Who Directory contains each individual's, name, mailing address, title (if applicable), department (if applicable), telephone number and email. Our Who's Who data is available to the public on the Academic Keys website and may be viewed by anyone with access to the internet. You may instruct us to not share information about you in the Who's Who by contacting us; please be sure to include your name and affiliation for identification purposes.
Use of "Cookies"
Cookies are implemented in various parts of the Academic Keys Site.
In most instances, the use of
Cookies is discretionary by you, and declining Cookies will usually result only in loss of certain
conveniences such as session continuity and re-authentication during current or future sessions.
It is the policy of Academic Keys that Cookies do not carry any of your personal information (name,
email address, credit card, etc.) nor identification/password-type data that allows access to such personal
information this web site.
Links to Third Parties
This Site contains links to other sites. Academic Keys is not responsible for the terms or
privacy practices of such other sites and you should read their terms and privacy policy carefully
before using them.
Legal Requests
Academic Keys cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties,
to enforce laws.
We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law
enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or
appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements,
or other activity that is illegal or may expose us, service or content providers we work with,
or you to possible legal liability.
Questions
Please contact us with any
questions you have about our Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions.
Close This Window