http://www.fleetairarm.com/cookie-policy.aspx
Register for newsletters
Register for Fleet Air Arm Newsletters * Mandatory fields
Name *
Email Address *
Pioneering Naval Aviation Since 1909
Buy Tickets
Annual Tickets
Book your visit
Events
Wet Weather Activities
Exhibitions
Visit Us
Contact
Opening Hours
Buy Tickets
Catering
Group Visits
Youth Groups
Find Us
Accessibility
Tesco Clubcard
Coronavirus
Learning
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
Colleges & Universities
Home Education
Downloadable Resources
Venue Hire
About
Monthly Newsletter
Visit survey
Video of the Museum
Testimonials
Vacancies
Volunteer
Affiliates
Support
Shop
ONLINE SHOP - NOW OPEN FOR CHRISTMAS
Exhibitions
Hall 1
Saved! 100 years of Search and Rescue
Jutland 1916
Fighting back against the Zeppelins
The Navy's Air War 1914-18
Sopwith Baby (N2078)
Hall 2
World War 2 Pacific Theatre: The Fleet Air Arm in the Far East
de Havilland Vampire T22
Battle of the Atlantic
Fairey Fulmar (N1854)
Fairey Swordfish II (HS618)
Focke Achgelis FA330A-1 (100545)
Grumman Martlet AL246
Korean War 1950-1953
Westland Dragonfly HR5 (WN493)
Hawker Sea Fury FB11 (WJ231)
LIM2 (MIG 15 copy) (01420/G-BMZF)
Airfield Viewing Area
Hall 3
Carrier
de Havilland Sea Vampire
Vickers Supermarine Scimitar F1
Hawker Sea Hawk
Blackburn Buccaneer S1
Westland Wessex HU5
McDonnell Phantom FG1
Hawker Siddeley Buccaneer S2B
de Havilland Sea Vixen FAW2
Vickers Supermarine Attacker F1
Fairey Gannet COD4 (XA466)
Projecting Power
Naval Air Power for the 21st Century
Hall 4
Leading Edge
BAC Concorde
Hawker P1127
Bristol Scout D
Handley Page HP115
British Aircraft Corporation 221
Falklands Conflict
Sea Harrier FRS.1 (XZ493)
Sea King ZA298: “King of the Junglies”
Cold War to Kabul
First Floor and Gallery
Battle of the Atlantic
Operation Skua
Blackburn Skua II [L2490]
New Exhibitions
Pioneers to Professionals: Women and the Royal Navy
Events
News
Press Releases
Media Enquiries
Roll of Honour
Venue Hire
Concorde Hall
Flight Deck
AgustaWestland Conference Room
Swordfish Conference Centre
Warnefords
Learning Centre
Learning
Primary Schools
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
Planning your Visit
Secondary Schools
STEM Programmes
History Programmes
Planning your Visit
Colleges & Universities
Brochure
Planning your Visit
Youth Groups
Prices
Home Education
Downloadable Resources
To help you plan your visit
Online Gallery
Home
Cookies
Website Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website or third party service provider used by the website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website or third party service provider to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third party service providers.
Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the websites to your interests. Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website features. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
The cookies used on this site have been categorized on the basis of the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide issued in November 2012.
How does the Fleet Air Arm Museum website use Cookies?
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Definition: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Below is a list of the strictly necessary cookies that the Fleet Air Arm Museum website sets.
CookieNamePurposeMore Information
Essential site cookie
ASP.NetSessionId
This is a unique id given to every user to help the website maintain session information for the Microsoft .NET framework that runs our website. This cookie is deleted as soon as you leave the Fleet Air Arm Museum website.
How and why session IDs are reused in ASP.NET
Fleet Air Arm Museum site login status
LoginStatus
Some parts of our site are password-protected and only used by owners and admin staff. This is essential for the site operation if you are an owner. This cookie is set to expire after 30 days if the owner requests that their browser remembers their login, otherwise it is deleted when the browser is closed.
Performance Cookies
Definition: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how a website works.
Below is a list of the performance cookies that the Fleet Air Arm Museum website sets.
CookieNamePurposeMore Information
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Fleet Air Arm Museum site cookie acceptance
CookiesAccepted
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on the the Fleet Air Arm Museum website.
Google Preferences
PREFNID
Created when visiting pages which contain content supplied by Google (eg. Google Map). These cookies are used to track Google supplied content usage.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Functionality Cookies
Definition:  These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.  For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.  These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
No functionality cookies are used on this website.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
Definition:  These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
No targeting cookies or advertising cookies are used on this website.
How to Manage your Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To control or delete cookies on your mobile phone, please refer to your handset manufacturer's help manual.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Further Information
Additional information regarding cookies and opting-out is available at www.allaboutcookies.org
Contacting Fllet Air Arm Museum about this Cookie Policy
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact:
Fleet Air Arm Museum RNAS YeoviltonIlchesterSomersetBA22 8HT
Telephone: +44 (0) 1935 840565Email: info@fleetairarm.com
Last updated: 28th May 2012
Related Links
Buy Museum Tickets
Print this page
Email this page to a friend
Cookies on the Fleet Air Arm Museum website
All of our cookies are used to ensure the best user experience and some are essential for this website to operate correctly. To find out more about the cookies used on our website, see our cookies policy.
Find out more
Fleet Air Arm Museum
reviewed on
©
Fleet Air Arm Museum
Charity No: 1143023
Accessibility
Links
Site Map
Terms
Cookies
Survey
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Signup
Email this page to a friend
Email a link to this page to a friend
* Mandatory fields
Your Name *
*
Friend's Name *
*
Friend's Email Address *
*
*
Your Message
Enter the code shown