http://www.music.ox.ac.uk/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyInformation collected
On some parts of the website, you may be asked to provide some limited personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services (e.g. prospectus ordering, applying for a vacancy etc). The Music Faculty may store this information manually or electronically. By supplying this information you are consenting to the Music Faculty holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our webmasters. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
How the information collected is used
Personal information provided to the University by you will only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested. Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission. Personal information collected and/or processed by the University is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the University’s website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers. However, we do work with third party contractors, some of whom host and operate certain features of the website. Accordingly, information that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). That information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors. By submitting personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property or safety of the University, its members or others.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. For further information about this right and how to exercise it, please see the University’s Policy on Data Protection.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent by email to itsupport@music.ox.ac.uk.
Events
11 Dec
FourVoice Quartet Christmas Concert
17 Dec
Graduate Tea Hangout
24 Dec
Graduate Tea Hangout
31 Dec
Graduate Tea Hangout
7 Jan
Graduate Tea Hangout
View all Events
News
Elgar’s manuscript of The Dream of Gerontius digitised
Scoring the City: Website and Online Exhibition
View all News