https://www.wastatepta.org/about/privacy-policy/
Close
WSPTA Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
About
Contact Us
Board of Directors
Committees
Staff
History
Annual Report
Newsroom
WSPTA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It is the policy of the Washington State PTA that personally identifiable records, including names, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers are used only for PTA purposes. WSPTA does not sell or otherwise make available such information to vendors, exhibitors or others. WSPTA may use a 3rd party mailer to communicate with members about WSPTA programs or benefits, but only with an appropriate confidentiality agreement in place to prevent unauthorized disclosure of such information. Sensitive information such as Social Security Numbers or credit card numbers are deleted or obliterated when the purpose for which such information was collected has been completed.
Protection of Individually Identifiable Information
Revised November 2017
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Washington State PTA (WSPTA) collects personal information about members and others as follows:
Names, mailing addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses through its online membership enrollment website and online registration for WSPTA meetings;
Names, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers of entrants in the process of administering WSPTA recognition programs;
Names and email addresses of applicants for scholarships.
Policy
It is the policy of the WSPTA to protect personal information obtained from unauthorized disclosure. Further, the WSPTA Uniform Bylaws provide that “PTA membership lists may not be released to outside interests.” The executive director shall implement appropriate practices to assure that information collected and maintained is kept confidential and used only as necessary to carry out the functions of the association. More specifically:
As a general rule, only staff shall have access to personal information, except that members who volunteer to evaluate entries in recognition programs may have limited access to data necessary to complete their function, but they shall not maintain either the original or a copy of such personal information once their respective functions have been accomplished.
Staff may use personal information obtained or maintained by WSPTA to communicate with such persons about WSPTA events and activities, and may provide individual’s contact information to members of the WSPTA board of directors to enable them to communicate with them for the same purposes.
Staff may engage the services of an outside provider to assist in communicating with members but shall require a signed non-disclosure agreement prior to such disclosure.
Staff may provide contact information to National PTA as necessary to carry out WSPTA and National PTA functions.
WSPTA Board Login
Membership Database
© 2020 Washington State PTA   |
Privacy Policy  |
Site Design & Development by SiteCrafting