https://www.businessballs.com/admin/tool/policy/viewall.php?returnurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessballs.com%2Fglossaries-and-terminology%2Fcliches-and-expressions-of-origin%2F
Skip to main content
Go back to previous page
List of active policies
Name
Type
User consent
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
All users
Privacy policy
Summary
Businessballs Ltd. is committed to data security and the fair and transparent processing of personal data. We collect your name, age, email address, and city/country. We may use your personal data where this is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests as a provider of training. This is mainly to provide you with products and/or services for which you have registered.We will retain personal data relating to your learning and we take reasonable steps and processes in place to protect your personal data from loss or destruction. If you have any queries about this Policy, the way in which Businessballs processes personal data, you can contact our Privacy Representative by sending an email to ask@businessballs.com
Full policy
IntroductionBusinessballs is committed to data security and the fair and transparent processing of personal data. This privacy policy (Policy) sets out how we treat learner personal data.Please read this Policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share your personal data, your rights in relation to your personal data, how to contact us, and how to contact supervisory authorities in the event that you would like to report a concern about the way in which we process your personal data. Who are we?For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), Businessballs is a ‘processor’ of learner personal data. Businessballs is a Registered Company in England Number 02353386.Businessballs is a free online resource that provides content and material in relation to leadership and management and wellness. Businessballs Ltd. provides the platform.If you have any queries about this Policy, the way in which we process personal data, or about exercising any of your rights, you may contact our Privacy Representative by sending an email to ask@businessballs.com or writing to our Privacy Officer, Businessballs, 71 Central St. EC1V 8ABWhat personal data do we collect?We collect your name, age, email address, city/country. This information is asked used for to award the qualifications/badges.How do we use your personal data?We may use your personal data where this is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests as a provider of training, assessment, and certification products and/or services, including to:provide you with products and/or services for which you have registered;undertake administration in relation to products and/or services for which you have registered;provide you with a certificate, credential or other record of learning;contact you directly in relation to our quality assurance processes, investigations, appeals, and complaints;contact you directly in relation to communication about the course and updates that are needed to be aware of.assess and provide reasonable adjustments in relation to your learning or assessment where requested.We may also process your personal data if required by law, including to respond to requests by government or law enforcement authorities, or for the prevention of crime or fraud.Who do we share your personal data with?We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our staff protect your personal data and are aware of their information security obligations. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to know it. We do not share your data with any third parties. You can read more about our internal Data policy here.We may also share personal data with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.How long will we keep your personal data?We will retain personal data relating to your learning, assessment, and certification to enable us to provide information about your learning. we will retain personal data relating to our quality assurance processes, appeals, or investigations for a period of 7 years, however learners can request to have their information deleted. After this 7 year period, all data relating to individual users will be deleted. Where do we store your personal data and how is it protected?We take reasonable steps to protect your personal data from loss or destruction. We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so. You can read more in our data policy here.Your rightsUnder the GDPR, you have various rights with respect to our use of your personal data:Right to AccessYou have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you by contacting us at the email or postal address given below. Please include with your request information that will enable us to verify your identity. We will respond within 1 month of request. Please note that there are exceptions to this right. We may be unable to make all information available to you if, for example, making the information available to you would reveal personal data about another person, if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information, or if there is no basis for your request, or if it is excessive.Right to rectificationWe aim to keep your personal data accurate and complete. We encourage you to contact us using the contact details provided below to let us know if any of your personal data is not accurate or changes, so that we can keep your personal data up-to-date.Right to erasureYou have the right to request the deletion of your personal data where, for example, the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected, where you withdraw your consent to processing, where there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue to process your personal data, or your personal data has been unlawfully processed. If you would like to request that your personal data is erased, please contact us using the contact details provided below.Right to objectIn certain circumstances, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where, for example, your personal data is being processed on the basis of legitimate interests and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue to process your personal data, or if your data is being processed for direct marketing purposes. If you would like to object to the processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided below.Right to restrict processingIn certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we restrict the further processing of your personal data. This right arises where, for example, you have queried the accuracy of the personal data we hold about you and we are verifying the information, you have objected to processing based on legitimate interests and we are considering whether there are any overriding legitimate interests, or the processing is unlawful and you elect that processing is restricted rather than deleted. Please contact us using the contact details provided below.Right to data portabilityIn certain circumstances, you have the right to request that some of your personal data is provided to you, or to another data controller, in a commonly used, machine-readable format. This right arises where you have provided your personal data to us, the processing is based on consent or the performance of a contract, and processing is carried out by automated means. If you would like to request make such request, please contact us using the contact details provided below.Please note that the GDPR sets out exceptions to these rights. If we are unable to comply with your request due to an exception we will explain this to you in our response. ContactIf you have any queries about this Policy, the way in which Businessballs processes personal data, or about exercising any of your rights, you can contact our Privacy Representative by sending an email to ask@businessballs.com or writing to Privacy Officer, Businessballs, 71 Central St. EC1V 8AB ComplaintsIf you believe that your data protection rights may have been breached, and we have been unable to resolve your concern, you may lodge a complaint the applicable supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts.Please visit https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ for more information on how to report a concern to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. Changes to our PolicyAny changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Policy.
Back to top