https://www.euratlas.com/shop/privacy.htm
Privacy Notice
Browse
Terms
Customer Care
EURATLAS SHOP: PRIVACY NOTICE
The euratlas shop knows that you care how information
about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will
do so carefully. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting
the euratlas shop, you are accepting the practices described in this notice. The euratlas
shop receives and stores any information you give us through letter or
e-mail. You are free not to provide certain information. We use the
information that you provide for responding to your requests,
customizing future shopping for you and improving our store.
Deontology and protection of the private life
The websites euratlas.com and euratlas.net are conforming themselves to
the laws and regulations in force in France and Switzerland with regard
to the protection of the minors, the intellectual property, the leading
confidentiality, data processing, contents and freedoms.
French
Data Protection Authority (C.N.I.L.)
In
accordance with the standards established by the
CNIL, the websites "euratlas.com" and "euratlas.net" are
respecting the confidentiality and the private life. The following
points have to be noted:
1) The electronic mails sent to
the author, Christos Nüssli, will not be, in no case, published
nor transmitted to some third party without the agreement of the
shippers. The same will apply to electronic addresses received at the
time of such couriers or from electronic transactions. At all events,
each correspondent can in any time request from euratlas.com
and euratlas.net the removal of his electronic address.
2) The web-hosts of the euratlas sites, that is the
companies Infomaniak Network and Swiss InterWeb, also urges to respect the confidentality of
the data and not to transmit to third parties the received data,
electronic addresses or numerical notebooks of exploitation. The
aforementioned notebooks ("logs") are erased each week.
3) Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our
site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users
based on their visit to the Euratlas sites and other sites on the
Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting
the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Conditions of use
¦   Privacy notice
¦   © euratlas March 2009