http://www.trainmuseum.org/index.php/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
Collection of your personal information
The Northwest Railway Museum (NRM) may solicit personally identifiable information, including your e-mail address, name, home or work address, telephone number and age.
Use of your personal information
NRM collects and uses your personal information to operate the web site and to deliver goods and services that you have requested. NRM also uses this information to inform you of upcoming activities including Santa Train and other special events. NRM may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
NRM does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties. NRM may occasionally contact you on behalf of outside business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
NRM keeps track of the Web pages our visitors use within the NRM web site to determine what pages are the most popular. This information is used to improve NRM site content and does not individually identify you as a user.
NRM web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NRM or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NRM, an NRM Web site; and, (c) act under extant circumstances to protect the personal safety of NRM visitors, its web sites, or the public.
Use of cookies
NRM web sites use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. They are used to purchase goods and services from NRM web sites. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you will not be able to purchase goods and services from NRM web sites.
Security of your personal information
NRM protects your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. NRM secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites through the use of a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted protection.
Museum Hours
Snoqualmie Depot Hours: 10am - 5pm, 7 days a week. No admission charge to visit the depot and grounds.
Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas Day and New Year's Day. There is limited access during Day Out With Thomas and Santa Train events.
Railway History Campus Hours: Thursdays- Sundays, 11am - 4pm
Price: No admission charge to visit the Snoqualmie Depot and grounds. Admission $10 per adult (age 13+), $5 per child (2-12) to visit the Train Shed Exhibit Hall.
Riding the Train: In 2020, the train runs Saturdays and Sundays, October thru December 19, 2020.