http://www.cottonsjourney.com/privacy-policy-disclaimer/
Home
About Us
Store
Story of Cotton
Curriculum
Homeschoolers
Curriculum
Contact
Links
Educational Organizations
Miscellaneous Links
Submit Your Lesson
Watch Cotton Grow
Become a Sponsor
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
Store
Story of Cotton
Curriculum
School Curriculum
Homeschoolers
Links
Kids Corner
Cooking With Cotton
Planting Cotton
Home | About Us | Contact Us | Watch Cotton Grow
K G Associates & CottonsJourney.com Disclaimer
Copyright & Reuse of MaterialsAll contents © 2003 K G Associates. All rights reserved. K G Associates copyrights the contents of all material available on this web site,unless otherwise indicated. Content may be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated and transferred by educational instructors for academic purposes with acknowledgement to K G Associates’ CottonsJourney.com. Content may not be reproduced, downloaded, circulated, or transferred, in any form or by any means, for any other purpose without our prior written consent. Despite the foregoing restriction, users of this web site may download pages or other content for their own personal use on a single computer. However, no part of that content may be otherwise or later reproduced, downloaded, circulated, or transferred, in any form or by any means, without our prior written consent and express acknowledgment to K G Associates’ CottonsJourney.com. Please direct requests for consent to reuse or reproduce content on this site to K G Associates’ CottonsJourney.com by telephone at 1-800-698-1888 or by e-mail at admin@cottonsjourney.com or cottonsjourney@yahoo.com.
LinksAt certain places on this web site, other web sites can be accessed by hyperlinks. Those hyperlinks are provided to our users as a convenience. The web sites that can be accessed by those hyperlinks contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by persons or organizations independent of K G Associates. We do not endorse, approve, certify, or control any of those external sites, nor any product or service referenced therein, and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of information located there at.
Disclaimers of Warranty and of LiabilityK G Associates does not warrant that this web site, its host server or any hyperlinked site is free of computer viruses or other harmful components. You use these sites at your own risk. This web site and the material on it are provided on an “as-is” basis without any warranty of any kind. This disclaimer of warranty includes but is not limited to any warranty about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the material, information, services, software, text, graphics, links or anything else appearing on or related to this web site. We assume no responsibility for any consequence resulting from use of the information contained herein or obtained at linked sites, and expressly disclaims all liability for damages arising out of use, reference to, reliance on, or performance of such information.
Parental InformationCottonsJourney.com is an educational opportunity for students to learn about cotton through fun and exciting features. This web site gives parents and teachers ideas for curriculum, the supporting resources, and hands-on activities to use in the classroom or during independent home study. Also, topics may be discussed with your children as they navigate through cottonsjourney.com. We believe in protecting children’s privacy and are concerned about the safety of the Internet. It is for this reason, we do not require an email response to the Cotton Q&A Game or Question of the Month and no purchase is necessary to participate. CottonsJourney.com has been rated and certified by SafeSurf the original Internet rating system for families, libraries, schools, businesses and ISP’s. You may view our Privacy Policy for additional information.
CottonsJourney.comP.O. Box 811Hanford, CA 93232
Email: cottonsjourney@yahoo.comPhone Number: 1-800-698-1888Privacy Policy