http://www.derbyshire.gov.uk/our-website/privacy/privacy-policy.aspx
Alert close - icon
Fill 1 Copy 10
Untitled-1
tt copy 3
Untitled-1
Untitled-1
tt copy 3
Fill 1 Copy 10
menu
Group 3
Group 3 Copy 3
Group 3 Copy
Page 1
Group 2
Group 2
Skip to content
The whole of Derbyshire is now in tier 3 (very high alert) level under government’s local alert levels.
close alert bar
Home
Our website
Privacy policy
In this section
Privacy policy
Website privacy policy
This website is owned by Derbyshire County Council. We regard your privacy as important and any personal information you give to us will be used in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations.
Share this page
Share via Facebook
Share via Twitter
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Email
We do not store personal information about individuals who visit this site except where they provide contact information or use one of our online services.
Any information you provide will only be used for the reasons specified, and it will not be shared with any third party without your consent, unless required by law.
Where you have used one of our services, we will keep your contact details and details of the services we have provided to help us provide future services for you.
Your contact details are kept securely and are only accessed by authorised officers as part of the provision of services. If you do not wish us to keep this contact information please tell us.
Management information
Derbyshire County Council collects statistical data about usage of our websites. This information is not used to identify individuals, but is collected to provide us with an understanding of the areas of interest on our site and how our site is being used.
If you are connected to the internet you will have an IP Address. This may take the form of a figure, such as 333.333.22.1. The address will be automatically collected and logged as part of the connection of your computer to our web server and may be used to determine the total number of visits to each part of the site. This data is not collected and used for other purposes.
Links
Derbyshire County Council’s website contains links to other websites. Derbyshire County Council is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites or organisations, and recommends you consult the privacy information on those sites.
Changes to this policy
This policy will be reviewed and updated versions will be posted on the website.
Further information
If you would like more information, please contact:
The Access to Information Officer
County Hall
Matlock
Derbyshire
DE4 3AG
Tel: 01629 538274 email: access2info@derbyshire.gov.uk
Independent advice
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, the Information Commissioner is the independent regulator for both the General Data Protection Regulations and Freedom of Information.
Departmental privacy notices
Details of the information our services may hold about you can be found in our departmental privacy notices.
Share this page
Share via Facebook
Share via Twitter
Share via LinkedIn
Share via Email
Tell us what you think about this page
Feedback
It's out of dateIt's incorrectI don't know what to do next
Submit