http://www.madonna.edu/about/web-policy/
Search our website:
X
On-Campus Degrees
Undergraduate
Graduate & Doctoral
Certificate
Areas of Study
Online Degrees
Undergraduate
Graduate
Certificate
Areas of Study
Admissions
Undergraduate
Graduate
On-Campus Experience
Online Experience
Satellite Centers
International
Transfer
Visit Us
Registrar
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Apply for Financial Aid
Military Benefits
Scholarships & Grants
Student Accounts
Student Loans
About
Why Madonna?
Mission & History
Maps & Locations
Leadership
Accreditation
Advanced Search
Web and Privacy Policy
Information on the Madonna University server may not be used in any manner prohibited
by law or disallowed by licenses, contracts, copyrights, copyrighted material or college
policies and regulations. Madonna University reserves the right to remove any page
from its servers at any time, without prior notice to the creator. However, the University
does not monitor the content of unofficial material posted on University-owned computers.
Madonna University Privacy Policy
Madonna University is committed to protecting your privacy. Because of this, we pledge
never to sell any information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your email address,
name or phone number, to other colleges, universities, non-profit organizations, or
businesses without your consent.
Information We Gather Automatically
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, Madonna University, like
most institutions and organizations, tracks web browsing pattern to inform us about
how our websites are being used.  We do this through the use of “cookies”, which are
text files placed on your computer. This helps us improve our web content and how
we provide access to it.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
settings on your browser, however, doing so may prevent access to the full functionality
of some of our websites.
We also use Google Analytics on some section of our websites.  This is a web analytics
service provided by Google, Inc., which also uses cookies, and helps us to analyze
how users use our websites.  The information in the Google Analytics cookie includes
your IP address, and will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers.
Google uses this information for evaluating your use of the website, compile reports
on our website activity, and providing other services related to Internet usage.
Please note that Google may also transfer this information to third parties where
required to do so by law, or because third parties are processing information on behalf
of Google.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data they hold.
By using our websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in
this manner.  Please see Google Analytics terms of use and  privacy practices for more information.
The Madonna University IT department is responsible for monitoring the security of
all Madonna University systems and networks.  As part of that monitoring, they will
use standard industry practices to look for signs of vulnerability, attack or compromise.
External Links
Some Madonna University websites may contain links to external websites not owned
by, or officially affiliated with, Madonna University in any way. Madonna University
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.
Personal Websites
Madonna University recognizes the value and potential of electronic publishing on
the Internet and encourages students, student organizations, staff and faculty to
produce personal websites. The University administration, departments, organizations,
faculty, staff and students are encouraged to distribute information consistent with
the mission and policies of Madonna University. The information and opinions contained
in personal websites reflect individual thoughts, tastes and activities of the author
and do not necessarily reflect official policies or positions of Madonna University
and do not in any way constitute official Madonna University content; the University
does not accept responsibility for the contents of said websites.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website,
you may contact:Madonna University Marketing Department, marketing@madonna.edu
REQUEST INFO
APPLY NOW
GIVE NOW
36600 Schoolcraft
Livonia MI 48150
734-432-5300
©