http://www.yellowpages.ca/help.html
×
Your account is now active!
Your Yellow Pages account
What is a Yellow Pages Account and what are the benefits
My Yellow Pages Account lets you connect to the entire Yellow Pages Group properties by using a single email account and password. With a single confidential and secured subscription, My Yellow Pages Account makes it possible for you to create your own address book, give your opinion on your favourite businesses, share your discoveries and securely edit your personal information. Watch for more exciting features coming soon!
What is a profile page? And how can I access it?
A profile page is a public page that shows all the information that you've decided to share with the community, You can access it directly by typing the address: http://profiles.yellowpages.ca/yournickname or by clicking See My Public Profile from your Private profile page when you are logged in.
What is Facebook Connect?
Facebook Connect allows users to share community information very quickly and efficiently based on their facebook account. To learn more about Facebook Connect http://www.facebook.com/help/?page=730
How does privacy work with Facebook Connect sites?
When you connect with a website, it can access information you've added through Facebook to allow you to interact with your friends in new and interesting ways. The Platform Developer Terms of Service restrict how Yellow Pages Group can access this information, and all sites are contractually obligated to respect the privacy settings you've chosen for your account. These are the same terms that developers who have created the applications you use on Facebook must follow.
This means that if you've blocked a user on Facebook, that user will not be able to see you on a "connected" site. When other users connect with a website, those users will not be able to see information you've added through Facebook that they wouldn't otherwise be able to see simply by browsing Facebook. You can decide what type of information your friends' applications can access from the "Applications and Websites" section on the Privacy Settings page.
(Source Facebook http://www.facebook.com/help/?page=730)
What are the privacy and security terms?
When it comes to privacy and security, Yellow Pages Group follows the best practices in terms of technologies and processes. Learn more about our Privacy policies. You can report any abuse or security issues by using our contact us form.
How to create your Yellow Pages Account
How do I register for a Yellow Pages Account?
Click on 'Connect' from the top navigation bar. Then, click on 'Click here to sign up!' from the bottom right of the pop-up window. Enter your email address and choose a username and password. Click on 'Sign Up'. If you prefer, you can sign up with Facebook or Google+ by clicking one of the links.
* Please note that you can't change your username once you've chosen one.
How many characters are needed for my password?
When choosing a password, please follow these guidelines:
Minimum of 6 characters
Maximum of 16 characters
Please do not use personal information, such as your name, birthday, or social security number, as your password.
Please also remember the following:
Your password is case sensitive.
You should change your password if you detect suspicious activities on your account.
Why do I need to confirm my email address?
Email confirmation is an important security check that helps prevent other people from signing up for a Yellow Pages Account using your email address. If you need to confirm your email address, you'll see a warning notice when you log in to your YellowPages Account on your profile page.
It should only take a few seconds to confirm your email address. Upon signing up for your account, we'll send a short email with confirmation instructions to the email address you gave us.
How do I confirm my email address/complete the registration?
Once you have logged in, you will need to confirm your email address. Click on the URL that is provided to confirm your email address and complete the registration process.
I haven't received my email confirmation. What should I do?
The email confirmation is sent to the email address you used to sign up for your Yellow Pages Account. (Note: this email address may be different from your Facebook email address).
If you did not receive the email confirmation, it may be due to an invalid email address or restrictions from your email provider or internet service that are blocking email from Yellow Pages.
First, check the email address you provided us with for your Yellow Pages Account. There may be a typo in the email address. If the email address is correct, then check your email spam filters to make sure that the confirmation email hasn't been sent to your junk, spam or bulk mail folders.
If you find a typo in the email address or you can't find the confirmation email in your spam folders, please create a new account, following the instructions under: How to create your Yellow Pages Account?.
How do I bookmark my Log in page?
Firefox:
Point your browser to the 'Log in' page.
Select 'Bookmarks' from your browser menu bar.
Select 'Bookmark This Page' from list.
Click the 'DONE' button.
Explorer:
Point your browser to the 'Log in' page.
Select 'Favorites' from your browser menu bar.
Select 'Add to Favorites...' from list.
Click the 'OK' button.
Google Chrome:
Click on the star icon at the beginning of the location bar.
Select the folder where you want to save the bookmark.
Click the 'Close' button.
Safari (MAC):
Point your browser to the 'Log in' page.
Select 'Bookmarks' from your browser menu bar.
Select 'Add Bookmark' from list.
Click the 'ADD' button.
Opera:
Point your browser to the 'Log in' page.
Select 'Bookmarks' from your browser menu bar.
Select 'Bookmark Page' from list.
Click the 'OK' button.
How does the 'Keep me logged in' feature work?
By checking this box, you'll stay logged in for up to 2 weeks or until you log out.
If you check the 'Keep me logged in' box, we'll put a small cookie on your computer that will let us know who you are the next time you log in. Each time you return to the admin panel, you will be logged in automatically. (If you use a different computer, you will need to log in again.) This cookie does nothing more than remember you on the website.
If you do not check the box, we won't put a cookie on your PC. However, the next time you visit you will need to enter your email address and password again.
If the 'Keep me logged in' feature is not working properly, generally, this is because your browser is only allowing session cookies. You can change this in your browser settings.
The cookie won't remain on your computer after you close the browser window.
If you're still having problems, it could be a problem with your network or a third-party application that you've installed, prohibiting this function to work properly.
Managing your information profile
How do I change the email address associated with my account?
To change your email address, go to your private profile page by clicking on your username in the top navigation bar and go to the Account Settings section.
Please note that if your are connected via Facebook, you will not be able to change your email address associated to your Yellow Pages Account unless you modify it in your Facebook account directly.
How do I edit my profile?
Click on your name in the top navigation bar. This will take you to your private profile page. Click on Account settings where you can update your profile.
I can't upload my picture. What are the acceptable formats?
To change your picture, go to your private profile page and click on Edit info. You can upload a JPG, GIF, or PNG file. You cannot use animated GIF files for your Profile Picture.
The ideal format is 150 pixels by 150 pixels and a maximum file size of 700K.
Managing your settings on your Yellow Pages Account
I don't see my reviews on Facebook. What should I do?
All reviews must be approved by our moderators. For this reason, there may be a 48h delay (maximum) before your review appears on our site.
Make also sure the application settings are set up properly in your Facebook account. You can follow these simple steps:
Log into Facebook.
Click on the Account menu in the upper right corner and then select Application Settings from that menu.
Click Edit Settings to the right of the application you want to edit.
Select the Additional Permissions tab to check or uncheck the application's ability to publish recent activity on your Wall.
Why can't I use my Google or Twitter account to log in?
It is not possible to use your Google or Twitter account to log in for now. We will add these Log in options soon.
Troubleshooting your Yellow Pages account
I cannot access my account. What should I do?
If you have problems logging in, check the following:
That you are entering your email address exactly as you registered it
That you are entering your password correctly
That you have cookies enabled in your browser
That a personal firewall or similar internet security software, such as Norton Internet Security, Symantec, ESET, etc. does not block cookies
Oops, I forgot my password. What should I do?
If you are connecting with Facebook, use your Facebook password to log in to the site. If connecting with a Yellow Pages Account, and you can't remember your password, go to the Log in page and click on 'Forgot your password?'. Type in the email address that you use for this account and click on Send instructions. Once you receive the email instructions, you will be asked to choose and confirm a new password for your Yellow Pages Account.
I don't have access to my profile on my mobile. What should I do?
Neither our iPhone nor Mobile/WAP version support Facebook Connect for now. But we are working on this and it should be available soon.
What browsers are compatible?
Google Chrome 50.0 and up
Firefox 51.0 and up
Internet Explorer 11.0 and up
Safari 9.0 and up
Note: The features and functionalities of this website may work with other browsers, but we cannot guarantee compatibility, and the support provided for those browsers may be limited.
Make sure you install the latest updates available for your Internet browser to ensure that you have the best experience possible while using your YP account. In most cases, you can click help in your browser's toolbar to check for updates.
How do I deactivate my account?
Please contact us and we'll do it for you!
I still need help. What should I do?
If you can't find an answer to your problem in the FAQ, go to the contact us page and describe your problem in detail. This will help us understand your problem and quickly find a solution.
Ratings and reviews - Overview
At Yellow Pages Group, we strive at helping consumers make smarter local buying decisions.
Consumers say that they appreciate other people’s evaluation when comes the time to make a purchase decision. So we have introduced our rating and reviews program.
With our rating and reviews program, business-owner will have the opportunity to showcase their clientele’s appreciation or get valuable feedback to improve it continuously.
Through new partnerships with leading online portals including TripAdvisor® and foursquare®, business profiles are enriched with content that online consumers are increasingly expecting to find. If online consumers have rated a business, written reviews or posted photos of a business on TripAdvisor.ca or foursquare.com, this content will automatically appear on the YellowPages.ca business profile.
About TripAdvisor®
TripAdvisor® is the world's largest travel site, enabling travellers to plan and have the perfect trip. TripAdvisor® offers trusted advice from real travellers and a wide variety of travel choices and planning features with seamless links to booking tools. TripAdvisor®-branded sites make up the largest travel community in the world, with more than 50 million unique monthly visitors*, and over 60 million reviews and opinions.
About foursquare®
foursquare® makes the real world easier to use. They build tools that help you keep up with friends, discover what’s nearby, save money and unlock deals. Whether you’re setting off on a trip around the world, coordinating a night out with friends, or trying to pick out the best dish at your local restaurant, foursquare® is the perfect companion.
Ratings and reviews - User Guide
An overview of what it means to write a review:
Entering a review is simple and empowering. Reading reviews will help you make the right purchase decision!
Here's a little more insight to help you make the best of this program.
First and foremost, we encourage users to share their opinions and experiences for any business type. Yellowpages.ca users can enter reviews on any business, from a restaurant or hotel to a dentist clinic or car repair shop.
An overview of what it means to write a review:
All reviewers must first be logged in, via Facebook Connect or your Yellow Pages account, before sharing an experience.
Once logged in, a reviewer will be taken to our review submission form and asked to rate, from 1 to 5 stars, the business service or product's overall performance.
Your opinion will reach further than you think! If you have provided us the permission via the review submission form, a Facebook news feed post will appear automatically, to share with all your friends about the review you've entered on YellowPages.ca site.
Moderation process for YellowPages.ca ratings and reviews - here's how it works
We have put in place automatic filters to screen any profanity from the get-go. Users will not be able to submit reviews before removing inappropriate terms.
Once submitted, reviews will not be instantly published online; they will be moderated by Yellow Pages Group to ensure any abusive content, privacy issues or liability matters are rejected. Text submitted will be screened against predetermined guidelines to ensure Yellow Pages Group publishes proper content that will enhance the online community experience.
All review rejection causes are listed and available within the review submission process (see details below).
Reviews that are approved by our moderation team will be published online, within one business day of the reviewer' submission.
Summary of moderation process' review rejection causes:
These guidelines are applied via a moderation process that is very important to us, because it drives authentic user generated content, while preserving the quality of content we are committed to publishing on yellowpages.ca. These guidelines are built in a way to enhance our online visitors experience while ensuring our advertisers receive valuable (positive or constructive) and actionable reviews.
Inappropriate or unusable content:
Includes random characters or meaningless word strings
Is clearly a piece of spam.
Is primarily a price complaint.
Contains Web sites, hyperlinks, URLs, email addresses, or phone numbers, including those of the business owner or product manufacturer.
Contains content that is overly controversial, too confrontational, or excessively personal, or if a user says something violent, drug-related, obviously unlawful, or sexual in nature.
Contains a derogatory comment at the business owner or any other company.
Contains a discriminatory or a negative remark concerning any person or group.
Contains content that suggest that readers should obtain products from another business or directing business away from the business owner.
Contains any profanity (including creative spellings such as #$%@), obscenity, or inappropriate slang.
Contains personal information, such as full names of people who are not public figures, phone numbers, specific physical addresses, or email addresses.
Contains credit card information, social security numbers, bank account numbers, or any other data that could lead to identity theft.
Contains any text that identifies the reviewer as being under the age of 13.
Content indication that user has not used the product or received the service (and the product was not given as a gift).
Competitor references:
Contains a known competitor to the business owner.
Review is in a foreign language:
Contains content in a language other than English or French, corresponding to the online yellowpages.ca session language.
Customer service complaints:
Is primarily a complaint about the cost of shipping an item back.
Shipping issues:
Contains content that primarily indicates a negative shipping experience.
Liability concerns:
Contains a call for legal action against the client.
When a user mentions that something about the product or its use is unsafe.
Contains content that mentions that either notable injury occurred to a person or animal or that significant property loss occurred due to product or service error.
Contains content that mentions that fatality of a person or animal, catastrophic property loss, or serious injury to a person or animal that required emergency medical treatment occurred due to product or service error.
Moderation process for ratings and reviews sourced from partners
Ratings and reviews from our partners will be branded to indicate their source. Be aware that those cannot be part of Yellow Pages Group content moderation process as this content is not hosted by Yellow Pages Group.
Rest assured that TripAdvisor® also has strict guidelines and content policies for their traveler reviews:
http://www.tripadvisor.ca/help/our_guidelines_for_traveler_reviews
http://www.tripadvisor.ca/help/postingandediting
Tips to write a great review:
Yellow Pages Group reviews are useful, relevant and real because our users are taking part in the community by sharing opinions and experiences on our businesses and their services.
The best reviews are detailed, personal and often provide helpful tips on how to make the most of visiting that specific business. The most useful reviews focus on what makes a business stand-out and which type of clientele has a high propensity to also like or dislike the business.
An overview of how to read and browse through reviews
All business owners' profile pages will be equipped with a new section dedicated to presenting all reviews received from our online visitors.
These listed reviews are a trustworthy source of information for online visitors that are in the process of selecting a service or product business provider.
Reading through the detailed reviews or sorting through them by number of stars will also enhance the online experience by presenting relevant information to the users.
For content sourced from our partners (TripAdvisor®, foursquare®) reporting it as inappropriate has to be done directly on the partner’s site since this is where the content resides. Here are more details on our partners’ content policies:
http://www.tripadvisor.ca/help/postingandediting
https://support.foursquare.com/hc/en-us/sections/200230290-Reporting-a-Violation
Ratings and reviews - Advertiser Guide
Rating and reviews published on business profiles can either be from the Yellow Pages Group’s rating and review program or be sourced from our content partners including TripAdvisor® and foursquare®.
To protect online users and business owners, a set of processes have been put in place to eliminate inappropriate or abusive content as well as fraud situations.
Automatic filters
As part of the Yellow Pages Group's ratings and reviews program, we have put in place automatic filters to screen any profanity from the get-go. Reviewers will not be able to submit a review before cleaning it up.
TripAdvisor® also has strict guidelines and content policies ensuring that the reviews are accurate, relevant and fair.
Human moderators
Reviews submitted through the Yellow Pages Group's ratings and reviews program will not be instantly published online; they will be moderated by Yellow Pages Group employees to ensure any abusive or fraudulent content, privacy issues or liability matters are rejected. Text, images, and videos submitted will be screened against predetermined guidelines to ensure Yellow Pages Group publishes proper content that will enhance the online community experience.
Reviews submitted on partner sites will be published on YellowPages.ca only after they have gone through the review process, where applicable.
Business response
As an advertiser on Yellow Pages Group, you are entitled to respond to any of your reviews submitted through the Yellow Pages Group's ratings and reviews program by clicking on the ‘Business owner? Respond’ link, available below each review.
You will have to fill a form that includes contact information fields and a response text box. A selection between ‘business response’ and ‘reporting inappropriate content’ must be done.
Before publishing your response, please note that we will contact you by telephone to validate the request. We will attempt to reach out by phone to authenticate you within one business day upon reception of your request.
Yellow Pages Group encourages all business owners to respond to positive and constructive reviews on their business to create a rich and highly visible dialogue with online consumers.
For reviews sourced from partners, business owners must respond to reviews directly on these sites since this is where the reviews were created. Once a response has been provided and validated by our partner, it will be automatically be published on YellowPages.ca
Typically, business owners have to claim their business to be able to respond to reviews.
TripAdvisor®: http://www.tripadvisor.com/Owners
foursquare®: https://foursquare.com/business/merchants/claiming
Reporting inappropriate content
Reporting inappropriate reviews from the Yellow Pages Group's ratings and reviews program is a service available to all advertisers. This feature can be found in the Business Profile Reviews section. You can report inappropriate content by clicking on the ‘Business owner? Respond’ link, available below every review.
You will have to fill a form that includes contact information fields and a response entry box. To initiate the request of evaluating the review, please select the ‘Report inappropriate content’ button within the form.
Every review marked as inappropriate by our advertisers will be sent to the Yellow Pages Group’s executive steering committee for further consideration and assessment.
Yellow Pages Group will confirm a decision via email or by phone within two business days, directly to any advertiser that engages in this process. Depending on the case, reviews may be suppressed from yellowpages.ca to ensure we keep our content in line with our program guidelines and quality standards.
Because Yellow Pages Group publishes content from partners, reporting inappropriate reviews from these partners has to be done directly on the partner’s site since this is where the content resides. For more details on our partners’ content policies and violation reporting procedures, please go to:
http://www.tripadvisor.ca/help/postingandediting
https://support.foursquare.com/hc/en-us/sections/200230290-Reporting-a-Violation
Yellow Pages Group's rating and review program concerns
Advertisers concerned about the Yellow Pages Group’s rating and review program and/or the publication of partner content on their business profile can contact us to have their concerns addressed.
Ratings and reviews - FAQ
What are Ratings and reviews and what are the benefits?
Ratings and reviews allow you to share your opinion on any business listed on YellowPages.ca by providing a rating and writing a review on that business. All the ratings and reviews will be published in the new "Reviews" section on the Business Profile page. These ratings and reviews will be available to our online users to help them make smarter local business decisions.
You must be a logged in user (with a registered Yellow Pages account) in order to enter ratings and reviews. Once logged in, you will be able to share your experience via a rating, a review, pictures (up to 6 images) and a video. If not already done, learn how to initiate your Yellow Pages account registration.
In order to provide an open, constructive dialogue between our online users and business owners, business owners will be able to respond to any review submitted.
Why is the review I entered not yet available online?
Yellow Pages Group believes that reviews should be authentic and honest. However, we have a full moderation process that allows us to review all content before it goes online to protect our users and business owners from any inappropriate content.
Once reviews are submitted, Yellow Pages Group is committed to publishing all reviews that are deemed safe and appropriate within 48 business hours. Once the review is published on YellowPages.ca site, you will receive an email notification, including a link, to view your review on the Business Profile Reviews’ section.
What type of reviews would not be published by Yellow Pages Group?
Any content that contains inappropriate or abusive language, that entails privacy or liability issues will automatically be rejected. For a full list of content rejection reasons and review guidelines, have a look at our Ratings and Reviews User Guide.
What is the Facebook permission checkbox on the preview page of the review submission form?
Once your review is moderated and published online, this permission box will allow us to share your review on your Facebook newsfeed and instantly inform all your Facebook friends.
I have read a review that I find inappropriate. How can I report it?
Yellow Pages Group believes that reviews should be authentic and honest. However, we have a full moderation process in place to protect our online users and business owners of any inappropriate content.
If you feel a specific review should not have been published, please let us know by clicking on the ‘Report this review’ link found at the bottom of every review, within the Business Profile Reviews’ section. These reports will be closely monitored and may trigger a second moderation process to reassess a review deemed inappropriate. Yellow Pages Group reserves the rights to remove reviews if necessary.
For content sourced from our partners (TripAdvisor®, foursquare®) reporting it as inappropriate has to be done directly on the partner’s site since this is where the content resides. Here are more details on our partners’ content policies:
http://www.tripadvisor.ca/help/postingandediting
https://support.foursquare.com/hc/en-us/sections/200230290-Reporting-a-Violation
I am a business owner: how do I respond to a review?
Yellow Pages Group encourages all business owners to respond to positive and constructive reviews on their business. This feature can be found in the Business Profile Reviews section, click on the ‘Business owner? Respond’ link located at the bottom of every review.
You will have to complete a form that includes contact information and a response entry. Before publishing your response, please note that we will contact you by telephone to validate the request.
I am a business owner and I want to report an inappropriate review
Reporting inappropriate reviews is available to all business owners. This feature can be found in the Business Profile Reviews section, click on the ‘Business owner? Respond’ link located at the bottom of every review.
You will have to complete a form that includes contact information and a response entry. To initiate the request of evaluating the review please select the ‘Report inappropriate content’ button.
Yellow Pages Group will reassess the review and contact you within 48 business hours to inform you of our decision to maintain or remove the review.
For reviews sourced from partners, business owners must respond to reviews directly on these sites since this is where the reviews were created. Once a response has been provided and validated by our partner, it will be automatically be published on YellowPages.ca. Typically, business owners have to claim their business to be able to respond to reviews:
TripAdvisor®: http://www.tripadvisor.com/Owners
foursquare®: https://foursquare.com/business/merchants/claiming
What are the privacy and security terms?
When it comes to privacy and security, Yellow Pages Group follows the best practices in terms of technologies and processes. Learn more about our privacy policies. You can report any abuse or security issues by using our contact us form.
I still need help. What should I do?
If you can’t find an answer to your question in the FAQs, go to the contact us form and describe your question in detail. This will help us understand your problem and quickly find a solution.
Messaging – Advertiser Guide
How can I stop receiving unwanted messages?
As a business owner, you have full control of your profile 24/7 through your Business Center. To stop receiving emails, simply remove your public email address.
How can I modify the email address where I’m receiving my messages?
You can change your public email address in your Business Center. Subsequently, all new messages will be automatically redirected to this address.
How can I activate the FREE messaging feature on my page?
To let your customers know that you accept messages, simply enter a public email address in your Business Center. Best of all? It’s FREE for you!
How is my ‘average response time’ calculated?
The ‘response time’ is the average time it takes you to send the initial reply to a new message. It is based on the median of the last 90 days. Rest assured that only your most typical response time is used, so anything out of the ordinary is left out. As a seller, it helps to manage your customer’s expectations.
Response time is typically reported as:
Within an hour
Within a few hours
Within a day
Within a few days
Keep in mind that your average response time is based only on the first reply to a new customer, not any follow-up messages. You don’t have to send the last message in a conversation to maintain a good response time.
Messaging – User Guide
What is “YP Messaging”?
YP Messaging is a quick and convenient way to reach out to thousands of local merchants.
You can message them via http://www.yellowpages.ca/ or directly through the YP App.
Log in to gain instant access to your messages on your computer, smart phone or tablet. It’s easy and a real time-saver!
How can I stop receiving unwanted messages from a merchant?
If you receive unsolicited emails after you have messaged a merchant, use the “Mark as spam” option in your email application. This should prevent this merchant from contacting you again.
Will my email address be shared with the merchant?
Your email address is never shared with a merchant. For privacy and security reasons, we use an alias (xxxx@message.yp.ca) to mask your real address, which prevents you from receiving spam.
Request changes to your Customer or Advertiser profile
Report an error or a missing listing
Obtain information about Yellow Pages advertising products
Add your free business listing
Contact us about your yellowpages.ca account, sign in and how to write a review
Log in
Join
People search
Get a free listing
Advertise with us
Download the app
Connect