http://www.sbnature.org/about/privacy
Our exhibits are closed, but Museum & Sea Center Stores remain open for shopping, on-site and online (sbnature.org/store). Folk & Tribal Arts Pop-ups are open on weekends at the Museum. Visit sbnature.org/calendar for more details.
Menu
Collections & Research
Anthropology
Invertebrate Zoology
Library & Archives
Vertebrate Zoology
Antique Prints
Publications
Ask A Curator
Visit Us
SBnature From Home
Hours & Admission
Exhibitions
Locations & Parking
Accessibility
Calendar
Children & Families
Join & Support
Membership
Support
Education & Programs
Adults
Children & Families
Schools & Teachers
Teens
Volunteer
Adult Opportunities
Youth & Families
Application
Sea Center
Museum Store
Calendar
Search
Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History
Tickets
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Facility Rentals
Annual Reports
Board of Trustees
About the Museum
Privacy Policy
The Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History is dedicated to protecting your privacy. The Museum does not sell, share, rent, trade, swap, or otherwise disclose customer/donor/volunteer/staff information to any outside party. The Museum also has a policy of not sending mail on behalf of other organizations.
Secure Payments This Museum website utilizes Secure Sockets Layer, an advanced data encryption system used to ensure the security and confidentiality of information exchanged between your browser and this site’s e-commerce servers. All of your personal information (including credit card numbers) will be encrypted and then securely transmitted from your browser to our e-commerce systems. We can only guarantee secure transactions with orders placed directly from this site using our secure online system. We cannot guarantee secure transactions for orders sent to us via email.
Information we collect The Museum collects information in two ways:
Information you provide online: By making a purchase, donating to the Museum, or signing up for email updates, the information you volunteer includes your name and email address. The Museum will only send Museum-related communications, as detailed on the online sign-up form.
Information you provide offline: When making a purchase or donating offline, you have the option to share your email address, physical address, and telephone number with the Museum. Doing so allows you to receive communications from the Museum.
Website Browsing, reading pages or downloading material from our site, does not allow us to collect any information that will identify you personally, or determine your e-mail address. Our web server automatically recognizes the domain name and Internet Protocol (IP) address of each visitor to our site.
Like most major sites, we collect and analyze that information to help us improve the site for our visitors. This helps us determine which pages you visit, how long you stay, and the site you visited immediately beforehand. Your IP address is used to help identify your computer, your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information.
Use of Cookies A cookie is a small data file stored on the user’s hard drive which may contain information about the user. We currently use cookies only in connection with our online store and these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Links to other sites Our site contains links to other sites. Please remember that our privacy policy does not apply to other sites and that we cannot be responsible for their privacy policies, if any. The Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History has no control over such third-party websites, and it does not endorse nor is responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Email Should you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personal information in order to respond to your questions or comments. We may also keep your comments or questions for future reference.
Surveys If you choose to participate in one of the surveys, we may ask you for certain demographic and other personal information. We do not share this information with others.
Privacy of Children The Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History does not solicit personal information from children and does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. Visitors 12 years of age and under must obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to this site and visitors 17 years of age and under may only purchase items from this website with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Exception We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Removal of Personal Information We offer our visitors the option to have their personal information deleted from our database and donor database or to stop receiving communications from us. You may do this by contacting us at info@sbnature2.org.
Changes to this PolicyThe Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Site. All changes will be posted here. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@sbnature2.org.
Share
SBnature from home
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
Make a donation
About
About the Museum
Annual Reports
Board of Trustees
Facility Rentals
Publications
Blog
Press Releases
SBnature Journal
Curator Publications
Connect
Contact Us
Join Mailing List
Staff Listing
Employment
Museum:
2559 Puesta del Sol
|
Sea Center:
211 Stearns Wharf
© 2020 Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History  |  Privacy Policy
Site by Bandwidth Productions