http://www.ottawa.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Request Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ottawa University appreciates your interest and use of our web sites. Since we share your concerns for privacy, this policy was created to inform you about what information we collect about you, how we collect it, use it, disclose it, and your rights regarding information you submit. Your privacy rights are important to us and we will be diligent to safeguard all information that you share with us. This policy discloses the privacy practices of Ottawa University regarding its information collection forms at the University web site.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Ottawa's web site may log IP addresses for system administration purposes. These logs may be analyzed to improve the value of the content available and navigational features on these sites.
Ottawa University's web site may log IP addresses and browser types, but will not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session may be tracked but their identity will remain anonymous. You can browse Ottawa's web site without entering any personal information and therefore remain anonymous during your visit.
Ottawa University may utilize small files called "cookies" to store and track what you look at when you browse the pages of our web site. These cookies do not collect personal information, only statistical data that may be analyzed to improve our web sites. If you are concerned about cookies you can set your browser to review, accept or reject cookies.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
If you enter information on any of Ottawa University's online forms that identify you, it is considered personal information. Examples of personal information are your name, gender, postal addresses, social security number, phone numbers, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, credit card number, date of birth, current employment reference names, citizenship, age, denomination, educational history, references, gift amounts if you are a donor.
The above information is used in several ways: to maintain contact with you, to evaluate for admission, to transact a fee charge and receipt, for authentication purposes to prevent duplication in our data system, event registration, product or service orders, and some is shared with authorized employees and/or agents as needed to provide requested services. The use of some information may be specified on a particular form.
All information that you submit to our web sites will be treated as confidential. We do not disclose your information to third parties unless required by law.
Back to top
Gallery modal
×
/Special-Items/Footer/General/Privacy-Policy