https://www.northampton.edu/privacy-policy.htm
Request Info
Visit
Fall 2020 Semester Update
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement for Northampton Community College's Web Site ( www.northampton.edu)
Thank you for visiting our website (“site”). Northampton Community College values your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“policy”), together with our Terms of Use and Conditions, and any other underlying agreements or terms, sets out the basis on which any data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  By using our site, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. This policy also describes the manner in which we process, use and disclose information that you provide to us when you use our site.
By using this site, you consent to the use of the information that you provide to us in accordance with this policy.  We do update this policy from time to time so please review this policy regularly. If we materially alter our policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting a notice on our site. Your continued use of the site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy.  If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the site, and you should notify us that you do not want your information used in accordance with the changes.
Information We Collect
In operating our site, Northampton Community College may collect and process the following information about you:
1. Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, including your IP address, the date and time you accessed or left the site, and which pages you viewed.  Some parts of our site use cookies and other technologies to collect this information about your general internet usage.  See section below ‘How We Use Cookies” to learn more.
When a request is made for a page on a web server, the server will log where the request originated, the date and time the request was made, the referring site, and what page was requested. We make no attempt to personally identify a user based on the information received by the log files, unless required by law.
User data such as browser type and version, and screen size and color depth are used to help make our site accessible to a widely varying audience. In addition, the Web team monitors search terms entered into the college’s search engine to make improvements to the site. Search terms are not traced back to any individual user.
2. Your name, email address, address, telephone number, program of interest, desired location, expected start term, date of birth, and/or Social Security number by filling out a form on our site, sending an email or completing an application for enrollment, we will use the information to satisfy that request, or in support of college programs. We will not sell the information to another party.
3. Any information you provide to us if you request information about our school, apply to our school, wish to attend and/or register for an event or register for a non-credit class. If we require payment for any of these requests and/or registrations, we will collect your payment information, however, we do not store or process this information. All payments are processed by third-party service providers.
By submitting a telephone number to Northampton Community College, you agree that a representative of Northampton Community College can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message.  Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our products and/or services.
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you in the best possible manner.  In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information relating to our services;
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information;
To provide third parties with statistical information about the users of our site;
To monitor and conduct an analysis of our site traffic and usage patterns;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order or governmental regulations;
To analyze trends;
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our site users is among the assets transferred.
How We Use Cookies
A “cookie” is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, this cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer.  They help us and our affiliates to improve our site.  They present the content from our site in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies.  This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our site.
We do not track our users across time or across websites. However, while some websites do allow you to decline cookies, some of our third-party service providers, who provide data analytics services through our site, do not necessarily respond to do-not-track requests (i.e. a request to decline the use of cookies across time and across websites). The third-party service providers that we use include, but are not limited to, Google Analytics (see more information below), Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, Bing, Google, Instagram, Hubspot, Spotify, Career Coach, Lifelearn, GiveCampus, Uberflip, NCCGo, WuFoo forms, Merit, Constant Contact, Sprout Social and Timel.ly; these third-party service providers may use cookies to collect standard internet log information and website user behaviour information. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our site (including your IP address and geo-location) is transmitted to these service providers. This information is then used by the service providers to evaluate our users’ use of our site and to compile statistical reports on site activity for Northampton Community College. For more information on how these third-party service providers respond to do-not-track requests (i.e. a request to decline the use of cookies across time and across websites), please review their privacy policies and terms of use.
We do not use flash cookies on our Site.
Security
To secure your information, we have put in place commercially suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on our site.
Nonetheless, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically on our site, and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
Google Analytics and Other Third-Party Service Providers
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. Find Google’s  privacy policy here.
Please review our other third-party service providers’ privacy policies for more information on how those providers’ collect, use and disclosure your information. We only use these third-party service providers to assist us in providing services and information to you such as to communicate and confirm event registrations, send e-mails related to program and enrollment deadlines, conduct skills assessments for program matching purposes, allow you to make a gift to our school, utilize Uber transportation services at our school’s expense, congratulate students on various achievements and/or connect alumni.
View Microsoft Privacy Policy
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any affiliated business entities or third parties necessary to provide services to you.  This includes, where applicable, third parties involved in the administration and operation of our site and/or provision of services. We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties, such as:
Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party, whether through bankruptcy proceedings or other sale or merger.
Where we are legally required to disclose your information, including, but not limited to, pursuant to a valid subpoena, order, search warrant or other law enforcement request.
When we are contractually obligated to disclose it.
Hyperlinks
By accessing third party websites through our site using hyperlinks we provide, you are consenting to the terms and privacy policies of those websites.  We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Users Age
Our site is not intended for anyone under the age of 13 to create an account, register, or pay for classes. To use our site for these activities, you must be at least 13 years of age or older. By using our site, you affirm that you are at least 13 years of age. We are not liable for any damages that may result from a user’s misrepresentation of age.
No one under age 13 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personally identifying information, on our site. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 create an account, register, or pay for classes on our site.  Only parents or legal guardians of children under 13 can agree to these terms on their behalf.
Only parents and/or guardians may provide information about their child under the age of 13 when registering their child to participate in activities sponsored by Northampton Community College. We do not collect information directly from anyone under the age of 13.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments or complaints, please contact the webmaster at  webfeedback@northampton.edu.
Northampton Community College
Marketing Department
3835 Green Pond Road
Bethlehem, PA 18020
1-877-543-0998
Effective Date: June 8, 2020