http://www.texasmilitaryforcesmuseum.org/privacy-statement/
open: Tue.-Sun. 10am-4pm tel: 512-782-5659
The Texas Military Force Museum
Brigadier General John C. L. Scribner Texas Military Forces Museum
Museum
Exhibits
Collections
Museum History
About the Museum
Events
Blog
Directions
Link Archive
After Action Reports – WWII
Hall of Honor
Historical Sketches
WW II Texas National Guard
Adjutants Generals of Texas
Lost Batttalion
36th Infantry Division History
1940 Texas National Guard Annual
Pictorial History of the 36th Division
Message Board
36th Infantry Division Roster-WWII
Museum Foundation
Museum Store
Guestbook
Privacy Statement
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) provided to you by the Brigadier General John C. L. Scribner Texas Military Forces Museum–TMFM– (“us,” or “we”). This Privacy Statement addresses practices regarding information collected from visitors of the Site and only addresses information collected directly through or from the Site – it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from the visitor (sometimes referred to as a “visitor,” “you,” or “your”) other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. We can be contacted at txmilmuseum@gmail.com. or by telephone at (512) 782-5659. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into our Terms and Conditions by reference, as if set forth fully therein, which must be reviewed and accepted by you. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group.
Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors. Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); process transactions; and to send periodic emails and e-newsletters. TMFM does not send unsolicited email messages. If you wish to leave our email list, click on “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message.Except as specifically set forth herein, we may collect or track (a) the home server domain names, date and time of your visit, type of computer, the originating IP address, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site; (b) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with us via e-mail; (c) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration or membership forms, contest entries, surveys, e-mail, and other online avenues (including, without limitation, demographic and personal profile data); (d) aggregate and visitor-specific information regarding which pages a visitor accesses; and (e) financial information provided by a visitor, including credit card number and billing address, retained by our payments processing dealer only in order to process credit card payments to us. In order to utilize some features of the Site, visitors may have to pay a fee, and thus additional financial information will be required at the time of purchase. If you do not wish to provide such information to the Site, you will be unable to register and/or to provide or obtain products or services from the Site.
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the TMFM website through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. TMFM uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience, facilitate their visit within our site, and, with assistance from third party vendors including Google, serve ads on the Internet based on a user’s prior visits to our site. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Use of Personal Information Collected. Personal information collected by us may be used for many reasons, for example, for recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes, statistical analysis of visitors’ behavior, product development, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data on visitors’ home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to us may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties. Personal information provided through the Site may be used and disclosed by other entities and/or business partners in the operation of the Site, in order to provide products and services requested and for marketing and promotional purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, financial information may be maintained and housed by our donations processing center dealer for the purpose of processing payments and conducting related transactions. Aggregate data on visitors’ home servers and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers, may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms. Any personal information provided by you on general areas of the Site may be read by us and/or other visitors, and could potentially be used by us and/or such third parties. Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which our organization enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by TMFM in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of TMFM or any other person or entity. While we may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which we share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose personal information is under a contractual obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which we exercise no control. We are not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties.
Security Measures and Communicating with the Museum. The Museum has implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite our efforts to protect your personal information, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, we are not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with us via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact us by regular mail at Texas Military Forces Museum, 2200 W 35th St, Austin, TX 78703, or by phone at (512) 782-5659.
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Information; Opt-Out Right. Upon your request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone, we will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by us that has been voluntarily provided by you to us through online forms, registration forms, contest entries, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change, or update your personal information by contacting us via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses or numbers above. Except as necessary to obtain the products, services, or information requested, you may opt out of having your personal information, which has been voluntarily provided to us through online forms, membership or registration forms, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenues, prospectively retained by us, used by us for secondary purposes, or disclosed by us to third parties, by contacting us via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses set out above. This provision does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description in this Section 5.
Right to Change Privacy Statement. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the Site for at least twenty (20) days after the change. It is the obligation of visitors returning to the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made.
Your Texas Privacy Rights. If you are a resident of Texas, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties. Texas law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information:
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar
the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information; and
if the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.
We may provide this information in a standardized format that is not specific to you.
The designated email address for these requests is txmilmuseum@gmail.com.
Dated: December 1, 2013
Home
Exhibits
Collections
About the Museum
Acknowledgements
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
© 2013 - Brigadier General John C. L. Scribner Texas Military Forces Museum