http://www.uvu.edu/legal/privacy.html
Purpose
Utah Valley University (“UVU”) has created this Privacy Statement to explain why UVU
collects particular information and how UVU will protect your personal privacy when
you visit UVU websites. In order to fully understand your rights UVU encourages you
to read this Privacy Statement. By choosing to continue to use UVU websites, you agree
to UVU’s collection and use of personal information and non-personal information as
described in this Privacy Statement. UVU reserves the right to modify this Privacy
Statement at any time, and UVU encourages you to frequently check this page for any
changes to this Privacy Statement.
Scope
This Privacy Statement applies to all UVU websites, domains, services, applications,
and technology products, except that a privacy notice specific to another department
or unit of UVU will supplement and may supersede this Privacy Statement.
Please be aware of UVU’s GDPR Privacy Notice that supplements this Privacy Statement.
The GDPR Privacy Notice applies generally to the provision of personal information
by individuals in the European Economic Area. The GDPR Privacy Notice explains how
UVU meets its obligations under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation with respect to such information. For details, please refer to the GDPR Privacy Notice.
Collection of Information
UVU collects information via UVU websites that falls into one of two categories: personally
identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable
information is any information that personally identifies you or from which you could
be identified. UVU collects personally identifiable information whenever you voluntarily
submit it to UVU websites, including your name, email, mailing address, telephone
number, plus your preferences regarding UVU services.
Non-personally identifiable information is information that is not directly tied to
a specific user, such as the number of people who visit UVU websites from various
states. Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, or opt-out, UVU, like most institutions and organizations on the Internet, tracks web browsing
patterns to inform understanding of how UVU websites are being used. Generic information
is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer,
to evaluate usage patterns so that UVU can improve both content and distribution.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser;
however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all UVU websites.
The generic information UVU collects is based on IP address, which is the location
of a computer or network, and is not linked to your specific email address in any
of the reports or other material compiled by UVU. UVU will not associate your IP address
and web usage data with any other information held by UVU that can specifically identify
you unless required to do so by law.
Use of Information
By providing information to UVU through its websites you acknowledge that, where permitted
by federal or state law, UVU may use this information for the express purposes for
which the information was provided, which may include to:
Respond to your requests for information
Process applications for admission or employment
Process information for administrative purposes
Process orders for goods or services
Notify you of products or services
Improve online content and communications
Improve UVU services
Process information for purposes as may be detailed on UVU websites or mobile applications
Sharing of Information
UVU works with many vendors and contractors who assist UVU with its day-to-day affairs.
Information that you provide to UVU or which UVU automatically collects is used or
shared with these organizations for the express purposes for which the information
was collected or as otherwise expressed in this Privacy Statement. UVU vendors and
contractors are only permitted to use personal information for the express purposes
permitted in their agreements with UVU. Otherwise, personally identifiable information
is not released to third parties unless permitted by applicable law, including in
instances where the information needs to be disclosed to protect the safety and security
of the UVU community or UVU property, or where UVU is legally compelled by law or
judicial order.
Public Forums
UVU websites may provide chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups for their
users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas may become public information
and a user should therefore exercise caution when deciding to disclose one’s personal
information in such places. Chat sessions and discussion forums may be logged.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
If a user of UVU websites is under the age of thirteen, such user is not authorized
to provide the UVU with personally identifiable information, and UVU will not use
any such information in its database or other data collection activities. UVU appreciates
cooperation with this federally mandated requirement. Users under the age of thirteen
and their parents or guardians are cautioned that the collection of personally identifiable
information volunteered by unauthorized children online or by e-mail will be treated
the same as information given by an adult until UVU becomes aware that the user is
under the age of thirteen and such information may be subject to public access.
Utah Government Records Access and Management Act
As a public institution, and instrumentality of the State of Utah, UVU is subject
to the Government Records Access and Management Act of the Utah Code, Section 63G-2-101
et seq., 1953, as may be amended (“GRAMA”).  This means that records, in all forms including
email, provided to UVU are subject to public disclosure, unless the record is designated
by law as confidential or not a public record.
Security
UVU implements appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect
your information when you transmit it to us that ensure a level of security appropriate
to the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected.
While UVU strives to protect your information, UVU cannot ensure or warrant the security
of such information.
Related Policies
Policies & Procedures 441 – Appropriate Use of Computing Facilities
Policies & Procedures 443 – Ethics in Computer Usage
Policies & Procedures 445 – Institutional Data Management and Access
Policies & Procedures 446 – Monitoring and Review of Employee Electronic Communications
or Files
Policies & Procedures 449 – Private Sensitive Information
Questions
If a user has questions about this Privacy Statement or believes that the user’s personal
information has been released without consent, please send an e-mail to: compliance@uvu.edu.
Enter search terms
Disclaimers and Legal Statements
UVU
Legal
Terms of UsePrivacy StatementCopyright ComplaintsNon-Discrimination