http://www.narhs.org/privacy
You are hereHome » About Us » Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy We value your privacy, as we are sure you do, and promise to take all reasonable steps to guard this privacy and any personal information shared with us.  We do not share or distribute any personal information whatsoever with outside parties, though said data may be made available to our staff and faculty as needed, or to law enforcement agencies as required by law.Any information you (the user) post in a public area of the site (comments, your public profile, etc.) is public information.  We cannot be held liable for what others do with information you (the user) make public.IP addresses, URLs visited, and related information is recorded for all site visitors for the purpose of site traffic analytics and captured as part of normal operation in our server logs. Cookies are used to track logins, sessions, and collect anonymous traffic data.We use 3rd-party services like Google Analytics, who provide their own privacy policies and cookie opt-out.This policy may change, the most current version is available at http://narhs.org/privacy.If you have any questions or feel we are violating this policy, please file an issue on the "contact us" page of the web site.
What others are saying:This is WHY we love working with you folks! You continue to be willing to work toward that 3rd path vs an either/or. We indeed share a common mission. Thank you for the energy and creativity you bring to our common cause.The NARHS services truly exceeded our expectations.The advisors are excellent, intelligent, patient and available.Love the handbook and other resources!We have loved our NARHS journey and will treasure this experience our whole lives!The staff is so wonderful and helpful!  It has been a true pleasure working with them!The handbook provides helpful information and is adequate for planning high school, including self-designed courses.  I have always been able to get ahold of NARHS staff and our advisor in a timely manner when we needed to discuss something.NARHS has been the best option for our kids.  I would highly recommend it for all homeschooling families.Highly recommended to others.  Excellent resource.  Thank you so much!He received credit for doing things he enjoys, thanks to [my advisor's] help!Our advisor was most helpful in helping me develop self-designed classes for my son.I home schooled one son without NARHS and one with NARHS.  I wish I had known about you sooner.It’s great that there is such a resource as NARHS.  High School is a whole different story from the younger years!  So much documentation is required. I know that you can homeschool through high school without any certification but for me this is the safer route. All content unless otherwise stated is copyrighted by North Atlantic Regional High SchoolNorth Atlantic Regional High School, incorporated in the State of Maine under the name Customized Education Designs, LLC., is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commissions on Elementary and Secondary Schools as a Learning Services Provider and is recognized by the State of Maine Department of Education as a private school authorized to issue a diploma upon graduation credit completion.Business Office:14 South 6th AveYakima, WA 98902School Address:9 North River RoadAuburn, ME 04210Phone: 800-882-2828Fax: 509-965-3909 Sign up for our Email Newsletter