http://www.artbaseinc.com/privacy-policy
ArtBase GDPR Online Privacy Statement
Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person."
The only personal data that ArtBase collects is as follows: Name, Address, Phone Number, Email Addresses, Total Count of Devices (computers, iPads, iPhones)
How we use your information
ArtBase will collect and use clients' personal data only for:
BillingTroubleshooting and TrainingEmailing announcements such as technical support announcements, version releases, new product releases and seasonal newsletters.
Why does ArtBase need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with excellent customer service we need to collect personal data for correspondence purposes only. We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy. ArtBase will only contact our clients for marketing purposes when new version releases and products are available.
Will ArtBase share your personal data with anyone else?
No. ArtBase will never share your personal data with any third parties.
How will ArtBase use the personal data it collects?
ArtBase will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. ArtBase is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Under what circumstances will ArtBase contact you?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can you find out the personal data that the organization holds about you?
ArtBase, at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If ArtBase does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data.Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of ArtBase or information about those interests.The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.How long the data will be stored.Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
ArtBase accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: Passport, driving licence, birth certificate, utility bill (from last 3 months).
Contact details of the GDPR Owner:
Tanya Van Sant, President1 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004212-675-6399orders@artbase.com
This document was last updated on March 1, 2020.
Modal title
×
Modal body text goes here.