http://www.inquira.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and InQuira
Oracle Buys InQuira
Oracle has acquired InQuira, a provider of best-in-class knowledge management solutions that support web self-service, agent-assisted service, and customer communities.
The combination of Oracle and InQuira is expected to further extend Oracle's leadership CRM with web self-service, customer communities and knowledge management capabilities. Together, Oracle and InQuira plan to provide customers with advanced search and a scalable knowledge management platform as a part of a comprehensive CRM solution. By adding InQuira's capabilities to Oracle's products, Oracle expects to provide customers with a complete and integrated knowledge management solution that enables companies to improve and personalize their customers' experience.
The transaction has closed.
Read the press release
Support for InQuira products
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers from Anthony Lye, Senior Vice President, Oracle CRM, outlining the benefits of the combination
Letter to Partners from Judson Althoff, Senior Vice President, Oracle Worldwide Alliances and Channels, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and InQuira will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Product Information
Oracle Knowledge Management
Oracle Knowledge for Web Self Service (PDF)
Support, Services, and Sales
InQuira customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for support, professional services, and sales.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers