https://www.nixor.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Introduction
Data protection is a key concern for Nixor. So, transparency regarding the way we process the personal data we collect is a commitment for us. The information provided below intends to provide you all relevant information in relation to the collection and processing of information which may be collected through this website www.nixor.co.uk (hereinafter, “the website”)
Nixor Ltd (hereinafter, “we”, “us”, “our” or “Nixor”) may collect and process personal data relating to you when you visit this website.
Processing of Your Personal Data
Generally, you can visit our website without providing any personal data about yourself. However, in order to access some parts of our website and/or for you to request specific information or services, we may need to collect personal data from you which we will process for the purposes described as follows.
We may process your personal data for:
answering any requests, queries or inquires you may submit on our website; but also
enabling you log on certain restricted parts of our website;
managing your participation to online context
We may also use the personal data you share with us, for:
maintaining and improving the website as well as to ensuring its security;
conducting customer satisfaction surveys;
manage the forums to which you may take part;
recruitment purposes related when you submit a resume or a job application online; and
compiling aggregate statistics regarding the use of the website.
These purposes are justified by our legitimate interest to make sure that you enjoy the experience when visiting our website and interacting with us.
Finally, subject to your prior express consent, we may also use the personal data you share with us for marketing purposes and in particular to provide you with personalised offers.
How long do we keep your data?
When you are an existing client, we will keep your personal data as long as our contractual and/or business relationship lasts. We may then place your personal data in an intermediary database for five (5) years after our contractual and/or business relationship lasts.
If you are a prospect with no established contractual and/or business relationship, we will not keep your data for longer than three (3) years after you last contacted us.
Finally, the log information we may collect for the security, maintenance and improvement purposes mentioned above will not be kept longer than one (1) year after collection.
Sharing of your Personal Data
1. Third-party suppliers
We may work with third-party suppliers and partners with which we may share your personal data for the purposes indicated above except for marketing purposes. Whenever we rely on such third parties, we make sure that they provide an adequate level of protection to the personal data they process on our behalf.
2. Judicial, public and/or governmental authorities
We may also be required – by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence— to disclose your personal data.  We may also disclose your personal data if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose personal information if we determine in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our rights and pursue available remedies, enforce our terms and conditions, investigate fraud, or protect our operations or users.
Business Reorganisations
Like many organisations, Nixor may reorganise its business operations around the world from time to time, whether by buying new businesses or selling or merging existing businesses. This may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers of parts of our business, or receiving personal data from potential sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate confidentiality protection for personal data disclosed in these types of transactions.
Your rights
In any case, you have the right to access your personal data.
You can also request that your personal data be rectified or deleted. You are entitled as well to object to the processing of your personal data or to request restriction thereof. In addition, you have the right to ask for receiving your personal data in a structured and standard format.
In case of any such request or complaint, please send an email to info@nixor.co.uk
In any case, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Data security and integrity
Nixor uses various technological and procedural security measures in order to protect the personal data we collect, use or transfer from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. However, you should be aware that, due to the open and unsecured character of the Internet, Nixor cannot be responsible for the security of transmissions of the personal data over the Internet.
Third-party websites
Nixor websites may provide links to third-party websites. Nixor does not make any representations or warranties with respect to such third-party websites. You should be aware that the owners and operators of such third-party websites might collect, use or transfer personal data under different terms and conditions than Nixor. Upon linking to a third-party website, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies of such third-party websites.
Notification of changes to this Policy
This Policy was last updated on 6th July 2018. We may periodically change this Policy to keep pace with new technologies, industry practices, and regulatory requirements, among other reasons.  We expect most such changes to be minor.  When we will need to make material change to our privacy policy, we will post a prominent notice on the home page of the website prior to the change becoming effective.
Cookies
Cookies are used on this website. By using our website, you agree that cookies are to be placed on your device as further explained below.
Cookies are small pieces of data that a website sends to your computer’s web browser while you are navigating through it. They have many different purposes, but mainly, cookies enable you to navigate between pages easily, to remember your preferences, and eventually to improve the user experience. These cookies may then be stored on your machine to identify your computer.
Cookies used on this website can be either set up by our website or by a third-party website. Moreover, these cookies can be “session” or “persistent” cookies: a session cookie is a cookie that is automatically deleted when the user closes the browser, whereas a persistent cookie is a cookie that remains stored in the user’s terminal device until it reaches a defined expiration date. Cookies used on Nixor website have a maximum lifetime of 12 months.
A. Types of cookies we use
We use several types of cookies on this website, as described below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Strictly necessary cookies used on the Nixor website:
Registered visitor cookies.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow a website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local information or news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to the text size, font and other parts of the web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. They do not gather any information that could be used for advertising. Functionality cookies used on the Nixor website:
Registered visitor functionality cookies.
Social plug-in content sharing cookies.
Performance cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages they go to more often, and if they get error messages from web pages. All information collected by means of these cookies is anonymized, aggregated and only used to develop and track traffic patterns and the volume of use of our website and to improve how our website works. This information is for Nixor’s exclusive use and is not shared with any third party or connected to any other information.Performance cookies used on the Nixor website:
Unregistered visitor cookies.
Analytic cookies.
Targeting cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are targeted to be relevant to you, limit the number of times you see an advertisement, and help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising agencies with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often they will be linked to a website functionality provided by the other organization.We do not have third-party advertising on our website.We use targeting cookies only for our own analytic purposes.We use third parties to gather and provide us with information about our website’s advertising audiences and to deliver targeted advertisements on third-party sites. Havas Media do this for us and you can find more information on their website. Third-party social media websites may log certain information (such as your IP address, browser type, language or access time) if you are logged in to those social media websites as you are navigating through our website. They may also link such collected information with your profile information on that website. We do not control these third-party tracking technologies, thus we recommend that you read the terms of use and privacy policy of such websites before using them.
B. Use of cookies
We may use Personal Data collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile.
The performance cookies used on this website do not collect Personal Data.
Other cookies can collect Personal Data (including information from cookies placed via our advertisements on third-party websites):
If a user is a registered user.
If we send you a targeted email which includes web beacons, cookies or similar technologies we will know whether you open, read, or delete the message.
When you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from Nixor, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even
if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Here is a list of the main cookies we use on our website:
Google Analytics: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
C. Other non-cookie technologies:
Nixor also enables the use of technologies that perform functions similar to cookies such as web beacons or other technologies that may be included in marketing e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on. Web beacons do not place information on your device, but may work in conjunction with cookies to monitor website activity.
D. “Do-not-track” signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the browser communicates. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, our website does not currently recognize or respond to these signals, but Nixor will reassess its response approach once a standard is established. However, at this time you can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies through your web browser.
E. How to accept or refuse cookies
If you do not want to receive cookies from our website, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie, which you may then accept or refuse upon such notice. You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies. To understand how to do this, please consult your browser’s “Tools” section, or any other similar heading.
We recommend that you leave the cookies active. Bear in mind that if you block, turn off or otherwise reject our cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you will not be able to use any website services that require you to sign in.
If you object to have cookies placed on your machine, you need to disable them. In order to do so, please follow the relevant instructions depending on your browser:
If you use the Internet Explorer browser.
If you use the Firefox browser.
If you use the Safari browser.
If you use the Google Chrome browser.
ShareTweetSharePin