http://www.nscda.org/privacy-policy
loading...
Privacy Policy
The National Society of The Colonial Dames of America (NSCDA) is committed to providing visitors to its Website with an enjoyable and educational experience. In order to continuously enhance our web presence, we will gather information from our visitors. The NSCDA advocates the right to the privacy of its web visitors and this privacy statement is intended to provide full disclosure on what kinds of information we gather and how we use that information. Use of our Website constitutes your consent to the practices outlined in this policy.
What Kinds of Information Do We Collect:
The NSCDA gathers two types of information through its Website. The first is anonymous information that is collected when visitors browse our Website. The second is personal information supplied by visitors who have made an information request. Note that information is supplied when making a purchase from our online store, which is housed on PayPal, a third party server. Financial information is not shared with the NSCDA.
How We Collect Information:
This Website uses a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect anonymous information about the use of our site by visitors. Information collected includes:
How often visitors use the site
What pages they visit
How long they visit
What pages they view on our site
How long they visit, the webs browsers used by our visitors
The IP addresses of visitors
Google will place a “cookie” on your web browser that will identify you as a unique user. You have the option to disable Google’s ability to place cookies on your browser without affecting the ability to visit this Website.
What We Do With Information:
The NSCDA will use the information provided anonymously via Google Analytics to compile statistical reports about the use of the NSCDA site by visitors. These data will also be studied in order to make decisions about enhancements to the site architecture and interactive features. Personal information provided by visitors through our Information Request forms will be kept on our controlled servers in a secure environment.
Information we collect is never sold or rented to commercial entities. Information requests will be shared with the appropriate third party, e.g., one of our 44 affiliated corporate societies. We do not partner with, or have special relationships with any ad server companies. If you do not want to receive any further email communication from the NSCDA, please email info@nscda.org
Children’s Privacy:
While the NSCDA welcomes children who use our site to learn about our collections, we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13 without first gaining consent from a parent or adult guardian. If a child sends us an email request for information, we will respond, but will not use the email for any further communication.
We will use images of minor children participating in our programs and events on this Website. Attendance at a public program or acceptance of an NSCDA scholarship assumes the participant’s photograph may appear on this Website—unless prior arrangements are made with the organizers. Media release forms are retained and kept on file at our NSCDA national headquarters, Dumbarton House, for minor children photographed during non-public programs and events. If you have any questions or concerns about our programs and events or photography policies, please contact info@nscda.org.
Links to Other Websites:
The NSCDA will offer links to the websites of its 44 corporate societies and museum properties affiliated with societies. We will also provide links to other websites with information on activities sanctioned by our affiliated corporate societies. The NSCDA has no control of the content of these linked sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these external sites.
Updates to this Policy:
As occasion requires, the NSCDA will update this policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information about the privacy practices of the NSCDA Website.
How to Contact Us:
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy or the practices of our Website, please e-mail info@nscda.org call (202) 377-2288 or write to: NSCDA, Attn: Website Policy, Dumbarton House, 2715 Q Street NW, Washington DC 20007-3041.