https://www.rrc.ca/about/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Operational Response Level: Restricted ›
RRC Website Privacy Statement
The Red River College (the “College”) is committed to preserving your right to privacy. We ensure that the confidentiality of your information is maintained and the collection, use and disclosure of your information is in compliance with the applicable Manitoba privacy laws, The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (“FIPPA”) and The Personal Health Information Act (“PHIA”). This page summarizes the privacy policies andpractices that govern all Red River College websites.
The personal information collected by the College’s websites are not distributed to any private organizations or used for commercial marketing. Any personal information you provide to the College via its website is managed in accordance with FIPPA. Where a Red River College website collects additional information, such as personal health information, a statement of purpose and/or specific privacy policies will be available. Please be sure to read these statements and privacy policies.
How Is Your Information Collected And Used?
Information is collected on the College website through a variety of methods: 1) by College web servers; 2) via analytics services running on the College website; and 3) by information provided voluntarily in email and/or web forms.
1. Information We Collect by Red River College Web Servers
Red River College web servers automatically collect certain information about your visit to our website, and logs any links clicked on during your visit.
The following types of information are collected by the College’s web servers:
Your Internet Protocol Address* (“IP Address”);
Type of browser and operating system you used to access our website;
Screen resolution of your monitor;
Date and time you accessed our website;
Webpages you visited and the links you clicked while on the page;
Address of any external website from which you linked to the College’s website.
* IP Addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers (“ISP”) to all devices used to access the Internet. Your domain name or IP Address may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your ISP .
The information collected by our web servers is used by College employees to help us make our websites more useful to you, our audience, by learning about the number of times our site is visited, by monitoring traffic patterns and monitoring the types of technology used when accessing our sites. We make no attempt to link the collected information to your identity as we do not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits.
2. Information We Collect Via Web Analytics and Online Advertising Platforms (Using Cookies)
The College uses Google’s suite of web analytics platforms, including Google Analytics, and other third-party platforms, including Hotjar, to gather statistics on portions of its website. All platforms employ cookies, a digital marker, to define user sessions.
A cookie is a small piece of text information that is sent to your browser when you access a website, such as ours. This text file contains important data that tells us how you are using our website. Google Analytics uses only first- party cookies for data analysis, which means that the cookies are linked to the College’s website domain(s), and the College will only use the collected data and cookies for aggregate statistical analysis related to your browsing behaviour. The cookie files allow us to provide you with personalized information on your future visits to our websites; they are not used for any other purpose. If you wish, you may change the settings on your web browser to deny cookies or to warn you when cookies will be deposited.
The following types of information are collected via our web analytics platforms:
Your internet domain and IP Address from which you accessed our website;
Hostname (a descriptive label that maps to an IP Address);
Type of browser and operating system you used to access our website;
Screen resolution of your monitor;
Date and time you accessed our website;
Webpages you visited and navigation on those pages;
The address of any external website from which you linked to the College’s website;
Search terms;
Type of request (For example, a request for a page or an event);
Cookie values;
Language encoding.
According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains. If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser or installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You can opt out of Hotjar data collection using their opt out link.
The College uses third-party advertising services such as Google Ads to serve ads based on your interests, which are derived from your activities on the web. The information collected by these third parties may include information about your browser or device including information that identifies your browser or device over time (including device identifiers and/or personal information which has been hashed or obfuscated).
You may visit the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance to learn more about interest-based advertising, to opt-out of this form of advertising on your web browser by companies participating in the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory programs, and to learn about the effect of an opt-out choice.
The information collected by the web analytics and online advertising platforms is used by the College to improve our website as well as to provide College staff with the ability to better meet online content needs, improve our website, and improve the College’s online visibility.
3. Information Provided Voluntarily in Email and Web Forms
The College’s websites do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or email address; this information is only obtained if you provide it voluntarily. Should you choose to provide us with your personal information, we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested. This information may also be shared with our customer service representatives, webmaster, web administrator or other College employees as a means to continually improve customer service. This applies to services such as newsletter sign up, image download, online surveys and other similar services.
Examples of providing personal information voluntarily includes contacting us via email, completing an online form, newsletter sign up, image download, online surveys and other similar services. Any form or page that collects personal information will include a Statement of Purpose, which will notify you of the specific use and/or disclosure of your information; therefore, it is important that you read the statement before completing any forms.
How is Information Disclosed?
The Red River College will not sell, trade or disclose any identifiable user information derived from the use of an online service to third parties. Personal information will not be used or disclosed for any purpose other than as indicated in the Statement of Purpose, unless the disclosure is permitted under FIPPA and/or required under a legislation that supersedes FIPPA.
For example, the College will only provide personal information to copyright owners when required to by law. Unless specifically prohibited, the College will notify affected people in the event of an order compelling disclosure of personal information.
Security
For website security purposes, the Red River College employs software programs to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
External Websites
The College’s websites may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of external websites, and encourage you to examine each website’s privacy policy and disclaimers to make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found on those sites.
Third Party Social Media
The College’s use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the web. Social media accounts are public and not hosted on College servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. The College uses services such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Instagram and Snapchat.
Additional Information
For questions or comments regarding this policy, or for additional information about the administration of The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, contact the Red River College Corporate Legal Services department.
Red River College > About > RRC Website Privacy Statement