https://www.cehd.umn.edu/privacy/
Menu
Home
TEACHER EDUCATION
Licensure Process
Placements & Partnerships
Trainings & Workshops
Assessment & Accreditation
UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES
Visit & Apply
Transfer to CEHD
Outcomes
First Year Experience
Newly Admitted Students
Student Services
Academic Advising
Honors & Dean's List
Get Involved
TRIO Programs
GRADUATE STUDIES
Community
Career & Leadership
Policies and Processes
Graduate Student Experiences
TUITION & FINANCIAL AID
Undergraduate Scholarships
Graduate Finance & Funding
Aid for Future Teachers
GRADUATION
CAREER SERVICES
Careers By Degree
Create Your Resume
Find a Job or Internship
Resources for Graduate Students
Hire a CEHD Student or Graduate
Resources for Teachers
GLOBAL INITIATIVES
Study Abroad
Research
Research
Research Topics
Funding Opportunities
Research Methodology Consulting Center
Research Day
Grantsmanship
PI Eligibility
Three Minute Thesis
Policy Breakfast Series
Research on campus
Professor Jürgen Konczak and his team
help people with physiological speech disorders.
read the story
Diversity & Inclusion
News & Events
News & Events
Find an Expert
Connect Magazine
Events
A sign for the community
Students prepare as role models for the deaf and hard of hearing
read the story
Giving
Giving
Improving Lives
Critical Issues
ICD Building
Gifts at work
Ways to give
Recognition
Contact Us
Women's Philanthropic Leadership Circle
Events
Join
Giving matters
Give back what the community needs
read the story
Alumni
Alumni
STAY INVOLVED
ALUMNI SOCIETY
Board Members
Job Description
President's Message
Scholarships
Give to Alumni Scholarships
AWARDS & SCHOLARSHIPS
Distinguished Alumni Awards
College & University Alumni Awards
CEHD Rising Alumni
News
Notes
Contact Us
Alumna Irene Fernando, '14
is blazing a trail for others.
read the
story
About Us
About Us
Accreditation
Directory
Dean Search
Departments & Centers
home
Online privacy statement
The policy of the University of Minnesota is to respect the privacy
of all web site visitors to the extent permitted by law. This online
privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this
web site collects information, the uses to which that information will
be put, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose
to provide us.
There are four types of information that this site may collect during
your visit: network traffic logs, web visit logs, cookies, and
information voluntarily provided by you.
Network traffic logs
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for
all users, the University employs software programs to do such things as
monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized access or access to
nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that
might damage University computers or the network, and monitor and tune
the performance of the University network. In the course of such
monitoring, these programs may detect such information as email
headers, addresses from network packets, and other information.
Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of
maintaining the security and performance of the University's networks
and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these
activities is not released to external parties without your consent
unless required by law, including Minn. Stat. 13.15.
Web visit logs
University web sites routinely collect and store information from
online visitors to help manage those sites and improve service. This
information includes the pages visited on the site, the date and time of
the visit, the internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring
site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the
version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser, and search
terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt to identify
individual visitors from this information: any personally identifiable
information is not released to external parties without your consent
unless required by law, including Minn. Stat. 13.15.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information stored by your web browser on
behalf of a web site and returned to the web site on request. This site
may use cookies for two purposes: to carry data about your current
session at the site from one web page to the next, and to identify you
to the site between visits. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you
may turn them off in your browser, or may set your browser to ask you
before accepting a new cookie. Some pages may not function properly if
the cookies are turned off. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we
will not store data, other than for these two purposes, in cookies.
Cookies remain on your computer, and accordingly we neither store
cookies on our computers nor forward them to any external parties.
Unless otherwise notified on this site, we do not use cookies to track
your movement among different web sites and do not exchange cookies with
other entities.
Information voluntarily provided by you
In the course of using this web site, you may choose to provide us
with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send
us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request
information, you may sign up for a mailing list, or you may send us your
address so we may send you an application or other material. Any
personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for
the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the
appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help
us update our site to better respond to similar requests. We will not
sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable
information without your consent, except to the extent required by law.
We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal
operations. Each web page requesting information discloses the purpose
of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in
that manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the
person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or
concerns on the use of personally identifiable information.
University web sites provide links to other World Wide websites or
resources. We do not control these sites and resources, do not endorse
them, and are not responsible for their availability, content, or
delivery of services. In particular, external sites are not bound by the
University's online privacy policy; they may have their own policies or
none at all. Often you can tell you are leaving a University web site by
noting the URL of the destination site.
Minn. Stat. 13.15 provides that electronic access data may be
disseminated: (1) to the commissioner for the purpose of evaluating
electronic government services; (2) to another government entity to
prevent unlawful intrusions into government electronic systems; or (3)
as otherwise provided by law.
If you have questions about general University of Minnesota security
measures see the University policy,
Including a Privacy Statement on U Web Pages.
If you have questions about this site, its collection of information,
and its online privacy statement, contact the site administrator at
cehdweb@umn.edu or the
additional contacts listed on the University policy.
* This site uses Google Analytics for gathering statistics about web
traffic. Use of cookies by Google Analytics is covered by their
privacy policy.
GDPR- General Data Protection Regulation
Notice Specific To Persons Within the European Union
If you are in the EU and you interact digitally with the University of Minnesota, then our processing of your personal information may fall under Regulation 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulation, or the “GDPR”) and under the legal framework of Directive 2002/58/EC (“ePrivacy” Directive). In these circumstances and as applicable, the University of Minnesota may be the controller of the processing of your personal data. Please see also our GDPR resources webpage at www.privacy.umn.edu for more information.
Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal information, we will endeavor to have a valid lawful ground for processing in place. We process your personal information relying on different lawful grounds for processing, depending on the context of the processing activity.
Your Rights
The University of Minnesota is committed to facilitating the exercise of the rights granted to you by EU data protection law (the right to access your data, to ask for erasure, correction, restriction, portability of your data or to object to the processing of your data) in a timely manner for personal information that properly falls under the GDPR.
In order to be able to reply to your request for exercise of your rights, and if we are not certain of your identity, we may need to ask you for further identification data to be used only for the purposes of replying to your request. If you have any inquiries or requests, please write to GDPRINFO@umn.edu or mail to Records & Information Management; 360 McNamara Alumni Center; 200 Oak Street SE; Minneapolis, MN  55455.
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, the University of Minnesota is also subject to the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act, Minnesota Statutes Chapter 13. Information on Public Access to University Information, as well as Information on Rights of Subjects of Government Data can be found in Administrative Policy:  Public Access to University Information.
Retention Period
We strive to keep personal data in our records only as long as they are necessary for the purposes they were collected and processed. Retention periods vary and are established considering our legitimate purposes and all applicable legal requirements.
More information on the University of Minnesota records management program is available at Administrative Policy: Managing University Records and Information.
Transfers
When you interact with the University of Minnesota, your personal information is transferred to the United States. The United States is not currently among the countries outside the European Union that have obtained an adequate level of protection from the European Commission. To ensure the lawful transfers of personal data from the EU, the University of Minnesota relies on the derogations laid out in Article 49 GDPR. Be advised that we provide safeguards for the information transferred, as required by the GDPR itself and in accordance with this website privacy notice.