http://www.hgtc.edu/policies/index.html
Policies
Home
Policies
Navigate this Section
Policies
Contact Us
Email(843) 347-3186
Need Help?
Policies
Horry Georgetown Technical College respects and protects the rights of its students
and staff, as well as those of the general population.
Website Accessibility
The College is committed to providing information on the web in an accessible format
and efforts are being made to assure equal accessibility to people with disabilities.
If you have difficulty accessing any information presented on this website, please
contact Admissions, at (843) 347-3186 or by email at admissions@hgtc.edu.
Statement of Equal Opportunity/Non-Discrimination Statement
Horry-Georgetown Technical College prohibits discrimination and harassment, including
sexual harassment and abuse, on the basis of race, color, sex, national or ethnic
origin, age, religion, disability, marital or family status, veteran status, political
ideas, sexual orientation, gender identity, or pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical
conditions, including, but not limited to, lactation in educational programs and/or
activities.
Inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: Students and prospective student
inquiries concerning Section 504, Title II, and Title IX and their application to
the College or any student decision may be directed to the Vice President for Student
Affairs, Dr. Melissa Batten, VP Student Affairs, Title IX Coordinator, Building 1100,
Room 107A, Conway Campus, PO Box 261966, Conway, SC 29528-6066, 843-349-5228, Melissa.Batten@hgtc.edu.
Employee and applicant inquiries concerning Section 504, Title II, and Title IX and
their application to the College may be directed to the Vice President for Human Resources,
Jacquelyne Snyder, VP Human Resources, Title IX Coordinator & EEO, Building 200, Room
212A, Conway Campus, PO Box 261966, Conway, SC 29528-6066, 843-349-5212, Jacquelyne.Snyder@hgtc.edu.
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and
Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible
for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these
terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained
in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information
or software) on Horry-Georgetown Technical College's web site for personal, non-commercial
transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title,
and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial
or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Horry-Georgetown
Technical College's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions
and may be terminated by Horry-Georgetown Technical College at any time. Upon terminating
your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must
destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed
format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Horry-Georgetown Technical College's web site are provided "as is".
Horry-Georgetown Technical College makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and
hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied
warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Horry-Georgetown
Technical College does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy,
likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site
or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Horry-Georgetown Technical College or its suppliers be liable for
any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or
due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials
on Horry-Georgetown Technical College's Internet site, even if Horry-Georgetown Technical
College or a Horry-Georgetown Technical College-authorized representative has been
notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions
do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential
or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Horry-Georgetown Technical College's web site could include
technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Horry-Georgetown Technical College
does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete,
or current. Horry-Georgetown Technical College may make changes to the materials contained
on its web site at any time without notice. Horry-Georgetown Technical College does
not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Horry-Georgetown Technical College has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its
Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Horry-Georgetown Technical
College of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Horry-Georgetown Technical College may revise these terms of use for its web site
at any time without notice. By using this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by
the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Horry-Georgetown Technical College's web site shall be governed
by the laws of the State of South Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy to
explain how we collect, use, communicate and disclose any personal information you
may provide. The following outlines our privacy policy.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling
those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain
the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will retain personal information only as long as necessary for the fulfillment
of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and,
where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and,
to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss
or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices
relating to the management of personal information.
If you request information from HGTC, we will maintain the information in accordance
with applicable federal law.
HGTC may also contact you to make you aware of upcoming events, registration periods
or provide information about academic programs or classes. To opt out of receiving
marketing via email communications, click on the unsubscribe link in any email  or
contact admissions (843) 347-3186.
HGTC does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our
visitors unless required for law enforcement or otherwise required by law.
HGTC works with technology companies who use technology including web beacons and
cookies to collect data about our website usage and to improve the effectiveness of
our marketing. Data recorded through the use of this technology is aggregated and
shared with us.
No personally identifiable information about any individual is collected without your
consent or shared with HGTC or any other company. If you would like more information
about the use of web beacons, third party cookies and similar measuring tools, as
well as your choices, click here.
Current Semester Information
Fall Classes
Classes Begin
August 24 (Full Fall/Fast Forward I)
September 14 (Flex Start)
October 15 (Fast Forward II)
Final Exams
October 14 (Fast Forward I)
December 8-12 (Full Fall/Flex Start/Fast Forward
I
I)
Apply now
Admissions
6 easy steps to enroll
Registration info
Class schedules
Financial aid
Tuition and fees
Payment plans
Important dates & deadlines
Testing center
Connect:
Facebook
Instagram
Linked In
Pinterest
Snapchat
Twitter
YouTube
EVENTS
VIEW EVENTS
DEC
7
CCU Application Drive-Through Week
Haven’t completed your college applications yet? Now is the time!
Accessibility
Non-Discrimination Statement
Privacy Policy
Website Disclaimer
Contact Webmaster
Contact Public Safety (843) 349-7806
©  2020, all rights reserved
©