http://www.nahb.ca/privacy-policy/
Career Quiz
Locations
Call: 647.696.1979
Student Login
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Anderson College Privacy Policy
In this policy, “we”, “our” and “us” mean, as applicable, any of Anderson College Campuses (Private Career College under the Private Career Colleges Act, 2005), and “you” and “your” means an individual who has made an application to us, or has provided a guarantee, for any financing or purchase of service offered by us.
Use of the data that you provide us, or which is collected by use on this website, is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Anderson College website (www.andersoncollege.com) provides information about the school, its programs, and its services. Anderson College respects the privacy of its online visitors and does not sell or rent any information obtained from its website to any other organization or third party.
When you visit our Website, the server automatically collects a limited amount of information essential for operation, security and validation purposes. This information may include your IP address, the name of your Internet Service Provider, and information concerning your browser, operating system, and device used. This information is used to perform statistical analysis of user trends and interests and to help us make this site more useful to visitors. We make limited use of cookies on its Web server, but not in any manner which could impinge on your privacy.
“Cookies” are small text files placed on your personal computer’s hard drive by a Web site that allows it to track your browser’s use of the site.
When you use Anderson College website for program or services purposes, such as requesting services, completing a contact us form, or making payment, the personal information you provide for that program or service will be in compliance with (PIPEDA) The Personal Information Protection Electronic Documents Act and will be used only for the purpose it was collected. The information will be disclosed only in accordance with the provisions of this act.
If it is necessary for you to register, you will have to give us access to personal information, such as your credit card information, name, specialty, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other contact information.
We will not share personal information gathered on this website with any other parties  and parties we may reasonably determine is required by law or by governmental authority. It is our intention to protect against improper use of your personal information. Accordingly, we have provided safeguards for the protection and storage of the personal information you have provided. Access to your information is limited exclusively to people required to process that information.
This privacy statement is intended to reflect the sites maintained by Anderson College and it is subject to change.
Our website may have links to external Web pages. Please be aware that the school is not responsible for site content outside our Web site, or the privacy policies of outside. We encourage you to read the individual privacy statements on each website you visit. If you have any questions about or issues with our privacy policy, please contact us by e-mail at study@andersoncollege.com
Want Help Navigating All the Options?
No need to do it alone.
Contact a member of our Admissions team and we’ll work with you to match your interests and goals to a program and walk you through the steps that lead to start-day and career success.
Connect Now
For 40 years Anderson College has been a partner to thousands of students overcoming career challenges and transitioning to the next phase of their lives. We understand, first-hand, how stressful and frightening it can be to establish a career in a new country or to build a career in a country you’ve spent years in. With 5 locations in Toronto, Mississauga and Hamilton, we’re recognized for our high-caliber faculty, hands-on, real-life career training and supportive culture. At Anderson College we are more than our programs and facilities; we are a team of caring individuals who are deeply committed to helping our students become skillful, confident and in-demand employees.
Our Campuses
Downtown Toronto
180 Bloor Street West, Suite 400
Toronto, ON M5S 2V6
Canada
View on Google Maps
Eglinton
20 Eglinton Ave E, Suite 200Toronto, ON M4P 1A9
Canada
View on Google Maps
Hamilton
31 King Street East, Suite 200Hamilton, ON L8N 1A1
Canada
View on Google Maps
Mississauga
165 Dundas Street West, Suite 300Mississauga, ON L5B 2N6
Canada
View on Google Maps
North York
5734 Yonge St, Suite 100
North York, ON M2M 4E7
Canada
View on Google Maps
Book A Tour
© 2020 Anderson College of Health, Business and Technology. All rights reserved. Not all programs are available at each location.
Sitemap | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Programs
All Programs
Healthcare & Wellness
All Healthcare & Wellness Programs
Cardiology Technologist
Early Childcare Assistant
Intra Oral Level I & II Dental Assistant
Medical Esthetician
Medical Laboratory Technician
Medical Office Administrator
Occupational Health and Safety Professional
Personal Support Worker (PSW)
Pharmacy Technician
Physiotherapist & Occupational Therapist Assistant
Physiotherapist Assistant
Business & Supply Chain
All Business & Supply Chain Programs
Accounting & Payroll Administration
Business Administration Diploma
Business Management Diploma
Supply Chain and Logistics
Law
All Law Programs
Law Clerk
Law Enforcement / Police Foundation
Admissions
Admissions
How to Apply
Book a Tour
Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Second Career
New to Canada
Student Lines of Credit
Out-of-Province Students
OSAP
International
Book a Tour
Career Quiz
Locations
Call: 647.696.1979
Student Login
Why Anderson?
Why Anderson?
Faculty
Testimonials
Career Services
Career Services
Career Readiness Calculator
Student Life
Student Life
Referral Program
Resources
Bookstore
Blog
Career Quiz
Virtual Classes
Virtual Classes. How to access Microsoft Teams?
Request Info
Request Information
CAREER QUIZ
647.696.1979
Request Info
Request Information
Visit Us and Experience the Campus Life
Request Information
Fill out the form below, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Download Our Brochure
Ready to start your new career? Download our e-brochure to find out how Anderson College can make all the difference.
Download Now