http://www.assumption.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Learn how Assumption University is providing in-person classes and a residential experience for students this semester.
LEARN MORE
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Assumption University has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of visitors to our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website (www.assumption.edu).
Student Information
Student information is protected by the Federal Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA).
Collection & Use of Personal Information
Many of the forms on our site require visitors to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use information from registration forms to send each visitor information about Assumption University. This information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
IP Logging
When a visitor sends us email via our forms, such as our Feedback Form, we collect that person's IP address (the unique identifier of a computer on the Internet) and use it to help us diagnose problems with our server. In fact, a majority of our webforms collect and pass along the sender's IP address to the recipient of the email generated by the form.
Cookies
In some areas of our website, we use cookies to save a visitor's password so it doesn't have to be re-entered each time that person visits our site. Our campus portal, myAssumption.Portal, uses temporary cookies to maintain login sessions; these cookies do not contain personal information and are deleted from the user's computer upon leaving the system. Finally, some areas of the Assumption website may employ temporary cookies to provide Web development staff with valuable information on how visitors are able to navigate through the site content. These cookies are labeled as being from assumption.edu, and enable us to adjust pathways and content as needed.
Confidentiality
All of the data collected via our web forms is confidential and internal to employees of the University. At no time will Assumption University sell or otherwise distribute to parties external to Assumption University the contact information or demographic data collected via its website.
Reporting Violations of this Privacy Statement
This site contains links to other sites, including the personal websites of Assumption University faculty, staff, and students, as well as student organizations and alumni groups/classes. Assumption University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Visitors who observe personal sites on the Assumption University server which violate copyright laws and/or the Assumption University Acceptable Use Policy should immediately report such activity to webmaster@assumption.edu
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Certain portions of the Assumption University website are restricted by domain to members of the Assumption University community only. Still other pages may require users to enter their username and password. These pages are intended for internal use only, and generally require the domain username and password offered to all faculty, staff and students.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to webmaster@assumption.edu
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Web Operations
Assumption University
500 Salisbury Street
Worcester, MA 01609-2280
You can call the following telephone number: 1-508-767-7060
Custom Audiences
We may share hashed portions of your personally identified information with certain strategic partners to make our University more responsive to your interests and/or those of like-minded students. For example, we may aggregate your email address together with the email addresses of students or prospective students, locally hash such data, and transmit the resulting hashed data to Facebook for the purpose of creating “Custom Audiences” (where targeted ads are sent to people on Facebook who have already been on our Site), and “Lookalike Audiences” (where targeted ads are sent to people on Facebook who have similar characteristics to people on our Custom Audience list). If you wish to opt-out of this use of certain hashed portions of your personally identified information, please email us at webmaster@assumption.edu, and we will begin the process of removing your data from our Custom Audience list.
Remarketing
Assumption University uses Facebook and AdRoll Remarketing to present online ads to visitors after they leave the assumption.edu domain. When visitors come to the site, third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on their browsers for targeted advertising purposes. AdRoll Remarketing is a service that connects the activity of assumption.edu with the AdRoll advertising network. You can opt out of the cookie tracking and ads served by AdRoll by clicking the AdChoices logo (the blue triangle) in the corner of the ad. For more information please see AdRoll’s privacy notice here. Facebook Remarketing is a service provided by Facebook that connects the activity of assumption.edu with the Facebook remarketing network. You can opt out of these ads by selecting the link to the opt-out when you select Why am I seeing this? You can also select Hide all from this advertiser to stop seeing any of an advertiser’s ads, both from Custom Audiences and any other way the advertiser may be showing you ads on Facebook.
Contacting the Webmaster
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Webmaster
Assumption University
500 Salisbury Street
Worcester, MA 01609-2280
Webmaster@assumption.edu
Apply to Assumption
Assumption College seeks students who will take full advantage of the extraordinary opportunities available to them. Start your journey and apply today. We look forward to reviewing your application!
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
×