http://www.continentalschool.com/index.php/9-sample-content/130-privacy-policy-for-website
Home
News
BISJ
About BISJ
Vision & Mission
Our Results
Admissions and Fees
International Mindedness
Recruitment
PGCE
Uniform
CPR Training
Our Sponsors
BISJ Alumni
Secondary
About Secondary
Years 7,8 & 9
IGCSE
About Secondary Option
IB Diploma Programme
Library
Parent Support
University Guidance
Student Support
Clubs
Sports
Sports Calendar
Swimming
Outdoor Ed
Music Tuition
Duke of Edinburgh’s
International Award
Student Council
Model United Nations
Self-Evaluation LD
Parent Student Handbook
Primary
About Primary
Home Learning
Primary School
Student Support
Handbooks
Islamic Civilisation
History of Saudi Arabia
Parents Coffee Morning
Library
Clubs
Outdoor Education
Sports
Sports Calendar
Arabic
Swimming
Music Tuition
Downloads
Calendar
Term Dates
Contact & Access
Contact Form
Email (Staff / Students)
Password Self Service
Engage Portal Access
Google Classroom
Application - Teachers
Application - General
Oliver Library Access
Home
News
Downloads
BISJ
BISJ Secondary Section
BISJ Primary Section
BISJ Campus
1
2
3
4
The British International School of Jeddah is a private community school licensed by the Ministry of Education. We are a not for profit organisation governed by a Board of Trustees.
Our school caters for children from years K-13 and has in excess of 1500 students from over 60 countries. We are accredited by the Council of International Schools (CIS)  and the New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC).  Additionally we are authorised by the International Baccalaureate Organisation (IBO) and are a centre for Cambridge International Examinations (CIE) and also a member school of British Schools in the Middle East (BSME).
We are all living in unprecedented times. We do like to have a lot of control over how things happen. I am sure that some of you realise that for the British, and their obsession with timing, these times are very unnerving.
At BISJ we are striving to keep the high quality of education that we are all used to. We are thankful for the online programmes that allow us to 'meet' the students and classes 'face to face'. We are used to hearing the mention of one of the four R's, Resilience, and during this time it has been very encouraging to know that wherever our students and teachers are, the persistent effort for excellence continues.
While school is open, our VLE started the day after we were told not to admit students, we do not know how long the school buildings will be closed. We are working on being ready and to comply with any regulations that are needed. There are many returning and new staff members overseas, and this is an area which we are working on. We are talking with the authorities, to try and make sure any quarantine period is over, that any danger of transmission has passed when the go-ahead to re-open the buildings is given.
When we do open, there will be certain guidelines that we will all have to follow. The aim is to reduce the chances of infection, we know this cannot be zero, but we will continue to take measures to minimise any risk.
In the meantime, it is important to carry on the curriculum as closely as we are able. To look forward to the day when we shall be back in the classroom. I know from the feedback I am getting that a lot of learning is going on, a lot of work is being put into preparing and delivering work by teachers, and a lot of individual work is being carried out by students. Parents are also having to take on an increased role.
Our strong Conti spirit is what will carry us through. This period of difficulty will make us stronger, and when we emerge, we will value the sense of community even more.
Please stay safe, eat well, exercise and sleep well.
Ian Williams
Director
Latest News
Privacy Policy
The British International School of Jeddah (BISJ) takes the privacy of its website users very seriously.
What this website privacy Policy covers:
This website privacy policy covers how BISJ treats personal information that our School collects and receives, including information relating to your past use of our website. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information sharing and disclosure:
We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated organisations except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission.
We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to regional/national institutions and authorities, unless required by law or other regulations.
Changes to this privacy policy:
We may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our web site.
Privacy support and contact information:
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us through our web contact page.
Information collection and use:
General - BISJ collects personal information whenever a user chooses to contact us via the web form. When contacting us using this method we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number. We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you request.
We use information for the following general purposes:- To customise the content that you see- To fulfil your requests - And for technical web site administration Cookies in Use on This Site:Cookies and how they Benefit You - Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:- Make our website work as you'd expect- Save you having to login every time you visit the site- Remember your settings during and between visits- Improve the speed/security of the site- Personalise our site to you to help you get what you need faster- Continuously improve our website for you
We do not use cookies to:
- Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)- Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)- Pass data to advertising networks- Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Granting us permission to use cookies - If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect. More about our Cookies:
We use cookies to make our website work including:- Determining if you are logged in or not- Remembering your search settings- Showing you which pages you have recently visited- Allowing you to add comments to our site- Tailoring content to your needs
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions - Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies: Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies:
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called "analytics" programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before.
Turning Cookies Off:
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our website. Cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that your concerns about cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Contact Us
BISJ - Main Office
The British International School of Jeddah
Al-Muhammadiyah District
West of Prince Sultan Street
Al Basteen Development
Al Safaa Street Jeddah
Saudi Arabia
+966 (12) 699-0019 +966 (12) 699-1943
Accreditations
BISJ Privacy Policy
Top