http://www.ausa.org.uk/about/privacypolicy/
Admin
Edit
Log in
Basket
Account
Home
Your AUSA
History of AUSA
Vision, Mission and Values
Constitution and Byelaws
Trustee Board
Vacancies
Accounts
Brand Guidelines
Advertise with us
Alterline
Coronavirus
Complaints and Feedback
Privacy Policy
Get Involved
Activities
Re-focus Campaign
Campaigns
Volunteering
Raising and Giving
Sustainability
Student Room Booking
Training
Enhanced Transcript
Representation
Sabbatical Officers
Student Council
Class Reps
Committees
Liberation and Section Forums
Rector
Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Democratic Review
Elections
Policy Hub
National Union of Students
What's On
ABDN Staycation
Events
Mindfulness Mondays
Winter Break Activities
Advice
About
Academic
Accommodation
Employability
Hardship Fund
Health and Wellbeing
Mental Health Awareness Week
Money
Nightline
Student Safety
Search
About Us
History of AUSA
Vision, Mission and Values
Constitution and Byelaws
Trustee Board
Vacancies
Accounts
Brand Guidelines
Advertise with us
Alterline
Coronavirus
Complaints and Feedback
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Privacy Policy
About Us > Privacy Policy
The information we collect about you, our security agreement and your rights.
Aberdeen University Students' Association is committed to preserving your privacy at all times. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information obtained from those visiting and using the Students' Association’s website www.ausa.org.uk and its subdomains (the “website”).
By using the Students' Association's website you consent to the collection, retention and use of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Information we collect
Personal details (such as your name, contact details and email address) which you provide by registering with us.
Your responses to surveys which we ask you to complete for research purposes.
How you use the website and any other information you post, email or otherwise send to us.
How we use your information
We use your information to:
enable us to supply you with the goods, services and information which you have requested
ensure that content from the website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support and improve and develop the website
provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, unless you have indicated otherwise
notify you about changes to our service
We may contact you by post, telephone or fax as well as by email and text message. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future by any of these means then please let us know by getting in touch with us at ausa@abdn.ac.uk.
Storage of your information
Transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the website.
Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your device.
The cookies set may obtain information about you, your computer, your use of our website and your general internet usage.
Cookies we use on the AUSA website
Third party websites
The website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these third party websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our website.
Make an enquiry
If you have any queries concerning the information we hold about you or this privacy policy, or any questions on our use of your information then please contact us at ausa@abdn.ac.uk.
Cookies