http://www.kimbellart.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
RESOURCE
Privacy Policy
The Kimbell Art Museum is dedicated to respecting the privacy of members, visitors, and online guests.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Kimbell Art Museum collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.kimbellart.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Kimbell Art Museum.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, or in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, e-mail address, mailing address,  and phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies and pixels
Our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. Users' web browsers place cookies on their hard drives for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browsers to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent; however, as they do so, some parts of the site may not function properly. Our site also uses tracking pixels to gather data for the purpose of advertising and market research. Data collected via tracking pixels contained in the website are anonymously stored and processed for statistical purposes in order to optimize the online experience and to adapt the content of future advertisements to even better address the interests of the audience.
How we use collected information
Kimbell Art Museum may collect and use Users' personal identification information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic e-mails
We may use the e-mail address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal identification information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures
Sharing your personal identification information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. Kimbell Art Museum membership information, including member names and addresses, may be shared with other local nonprofit arts organizations on a limited basis. If you would like to request that your membership data not be shared, please call the Kimbell Art Museum membership department at 817-288-3291.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Kimbell Art Museum
3333 Camp Bowie Boulevard
Fort Worth, Texas 76107-2792
817-332-8451
This page was last updated on January 11, 2019
I have a question about:
- Select -AccessibilityMembershipTicketsGroup SalesMuseum RentalsKimbell Artwork and ExhibitionsEducation Programs and ToursPublic RelationsThe LibraryThe Museum ShopEmploymentRights and ReproductionsThe WebsiteGeneral InformationE-mail Newsletter
Name
Email
Phone
Question or Message
Please check the box below if you would NOT like to receive promotional emails from the Kimbell Art Museum.
Kimbell News
The Kimbell is open. Please review our new visitor guidelines and facility updates prior to your visit.  Learn More >
×
Back to top