http://www.firemuseumcanada.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Canadian Fire Fighters Museum > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Simply said: “What is yours, is yours.” Canadian Fire Fighters Museum, its employees and/or assigns will not share member/visitor information with anyone. This refers to all email or other personal information as well as any images or artwork that is sent to the Museum.
The Canadian Fire Fighters Museum knows that our website visitors may share highly sensitive personal and financial information with us. We understand the need to keep such information secure. As a result, we’ve developed the following policy so you’ll know how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site.
When Information is Collected And Not Collected
Anytime you visit, we may collect and store the name of the domain from which you access the Internet; the date and time; the Internet address of the web site you left to visit us and the names of the pages you visit on our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to different sections of our web site, and to help us make our site more useful.
Some areas of our Web site require information, such as your e-mail address or phone number, to enable you to correspond with us. In these cases, we collect your information necessary to interact with you. If you do not interact with us, any personal information, such as your e-mail address, is not collected.
How We Handle E-Mail
If you send us e-mail, we may retain the content of the e-mail and your e-mail address in order to respond to questions or concerns that you may have.
E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information such as your account numbers, credit card number or social security number, you may want to call us or send it through Canada Post instead.
We want to be very clear: We will not collect personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
We do not sell your information to third parties.
This Policy on Privacy applies to individuals and The Canadian Fire Fighters Museum reserves the right to amend it at any time.
July 2016
Something NEW!