http://www.goldenapple.org/privacy-policy
Our Mission
Scholars
Accelerators
Awards
Partner With Us
Resources
News
DONATE
Back
Program Overview
Apply
Refer a Scholar
Scholars Class of 2020
Mentor a Scholar
Scholar Institutes
Alumni Login
Contact Scholars Team
Back
Golden Apple Awards
Nominate a Teacher
Nominate a School Leader
2020 Award Recipients
Academy of Educators
Impact Award
Crystal Apple Recipients
Back
K-12 Partners
University Partners
Education Nonprofits
Accelerators Program
Back
Resources for Conversations about Racism
Online Learning Resources
Privacy PolicyBy accessing or using the Golden Apple website, you agree to the terms of this Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.Golden Apple has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use donor contact information from the registration form to send the user our electronic newsletter and other information about Golden Apple. The donor's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.We will not give, or sell your Email address. The only exception to this is if another non-profit organization assumes responsibility and takes control over our donor list. In that case you will be given two weeks notice before the transfer to opt out.This site contains links to other sites. www.goldenapple.org, and Golden Apple, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Our site uses donation forms from donors to support our program. We collect the donor's contact information (like their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send acknowledgements, donation receipt letters, and information about Golden Apple to our donors. The donor's contact information is also used to get in touch with them when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Credit Card information that is collected is used to charge the user donations. It is never divulged to any outside party.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our shopping cart is run on a secure server. If you directly Email us, we suggest that you send two Emails and divide your credit card number in two. Send half the number in one Email and the other half plus the expiration date in the other Email.CookiesWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Choice/Opt-OutThis site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications.You can send an email to: smith@goldenapple.org (you will have to clear yourself through our spam filter).You can send mail to the following postal address:ATTN: Pam WitmerGolden Apple8 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 700, Chicago, IL 60603You can call the following telephone number: 312-407-0006Change/ModifyThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.You can send an email to: Quintana@goldenapple.orgYou can send mail to the following postal address:ATTN: Nellie QuintanaGolden Apple8 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 700 Chicago, IL 60603You can call the following telephone number: 312-407-0006 ext. 121Anti-Spam PolicyWe do not send emails to people that do not have a relationship with our organization. This relationship can start in the following ways:The person:Opted in to one of our email lists either at one of our sites or one of our partner sites. Made a donation to one of our programs. Purchased a ticket for one of our events. Entered a drawing or contest either online or in-person at a live event Contacting the Web Site.If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Golden Apple via:Direct Mail:ATTN: Nellie QuintanaGolden Apple8 South Michigan Avenue, Suite 700Chicago, IL 60603Phone: 312-407-0006 ext. 121Email: Quintana@goldenapple.org