http://www.themisbar.com/cookie-policy
Themis is here to offer you the latest information about the February 2021 bar exam and changes due to COVID-19. Read More
MENU
Toggle the navigation
Themis Bar Review
Bar Review
LLM
MPRE
Law School
Pass Rates
Blog
COOKIE, WEB BEACON AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY POLICY
Revised: June 2018
Themis Bar Review, LLC (“Themis”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
Themis uses cookies and other technologies to understand how you use our site, remember your login details, and to improve your experience.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that contain a string or characters and uniquely identify a browser on a device connect to the Internet.
Any browser visiting our site will receive cookies from us.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize your device, preferences and improve your online experience.
Themis also uses cookies or similar technologies on its site to collect online information such as your IP address.
Some cookies are only kept on your computer during your browsing session, i.e., until you leave our website (these are known as “session” cookies), whereas other cookies remain in your browser after the session unless they expire or are deleted (these are known as “persistent” cookies).
THE TYPE OF COOKIES WE COLLECT AND THEIR FUNCTION
Type of Cookie
Function
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are required to enable core site functionality and are automatically enabled when you use this site.
Once you close your browser, these cookies disappear.
Functional
These cookies allow additional functionality like saving preferences, allowing social interaction, and analyzing usage for site optimization.
These types of cookies securely save your login details and remember tasks or transactions to increase the performance of our site.
Performance
Performance cookies monitor our website performance and measure the number of visitors.
They measure things like how often users visit the site, and how users use the site.
They do not save information that would allow the user to be identified.
The collected information is aggregated, and therefore the user is made anonymous.
Third Party Cookies
We may use third-party service providers to assist us by providing us with certain statistical and analytics information.
For example, third-party cookies are used to measure site performance, events, and user activities to make sure the website is meeting the needs of users and help us make improvements for navigation, search, and content.
We primarily use Google Analytics.
OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the site analyze how the users use the site.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and Google Privacy Policy.
You can also opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading an opt-out browser add-on, which can be found here.
Social Media:
We may use social plugins from the social networks like Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, and Tumbler.
These plugins are indicated by the respective logo of the social network and are used to track user activity and collect data on users.
Web Beacons:
We may use web beacons (also called web bugs, pixel tags, clear GIFS) to collect and aggregate data (such as the number of visitors) to help us see which areas of our site are the most popular with our users and to improve and update the content of our site.
HOW TO MANAGE AND REMOVE COOKIES
If you are accessing our website via a browser, you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings.
For instructions on how to manage cookies, please visit the “Help” section of your browser.
You can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org, or if you are an EU resident, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu, for more information about how to manage and remove cookies.
Please understand that some areas of website will not function after you have changed your cookie settings.
CONTACT
If you would like to contact us about our use of cookies or your personal information, please email info@themisbar.com.