https://www.sckans.edu/privacy-policy/
Disclaimer and Compliance Statements
Disclaimer and Compliance Statements Southwestern College Statement of Website Privacy (PDF)
Southwestern College is committed to protecting your privacy and using technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Website Privacy applies to the Southwestern College Website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Southwestern College Website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Privacy Policy
The college complies with the provisions of the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974. This Act, as it applies to institutions of higher learning, ensures that students have access to certain records that pertain to them and that unauthorized persons do not have access to such records. A full statement of Southwestern policy regarding the implementation of the Act is available upon request to the registrar. Southwestern's College's policy of nondiscrimination is in conformity with applicable federal laws and regulations.
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Southwestern College is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, marital status, military and veteran status, registered domestic partner status, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristic, physical or mental disability, or any other legally protected characteristic  in hiring, admissions, and educational programs or activities, all as required by applicable laws and regulations. The college also practices affirmative action in hiring. Responsibility for coordination of compliance efforts and receipt of inquiries, including those concerning the Civil Rights Act of 1960, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1975, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and other related federal, state, and local legislation, executive orders, regulations, and guidelines has been delegated to the director of human resources, Lonnie Boyd, Southwestern College, 100 College, Winfield, KS 67156, telephone (620) 229-6141.
Persons with questions or concerns regarding this policy may contact Lonnie Boyd, director of human resources.
Infringement and Libelous Procedure
Please report any instance of copyright, trademark or privacy infringement, as well as potentially libelous or offensive content, to the Webmaster.
Build an education.
Academic excellence sets SC apart.
41 main campus and 16 professional studies undergraduate majors, 27 minors, teacher certification in 13 areas, and 6 graduate programs.
LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR DEGREES
‹
›
×