https://www.techniquest.org/terms-conditions/privacy-policy/engagement/
Techniquest is temporarily closed.Read more about it x
Home
Plan a visit
Know before you go
Opening times & prices
Christmas at Techniquest
What’s on
Accessibility
Toddler Days
Annual Pass
Coffee Mania
About us
The Science Capital
About us
The story of Techniquest
Join our team
Press
Get in touch
Education
Schools
Connect
Become a Friend
Donate Today
Leave a Legacy
Community Engagement
Current Projects & Workshops
Volunteering
News
Tickets
News
Conference and Events
029 2047 5475
Techniquest is temporarily closed.Read more about it x
Cymraeg
Plan a visit
Essential information
Know before you goOpening times & pricesWhat’s onAccessibility
Other info
Christmas at TechniquestToddler DaysAnnual PassCoffee Mania
About us
About us
The Science CapitalThe story of TechniquestJoin our teamPressGet in touch
Education
Education
Schools
Connect
Support Us
Become a FriendDonate TodayLeave a Legacy
Engagement
Engagement & PartnershipsVolunteeringNews
Tickets
Engagement Privacy Policy
Download Policy
Cymraeg
Home > Terms & Conditions > Privacy Policies > Engagement
Engagement Privacy PolicyEngagement
Download Policy
Introduction
Techniquest is committed to being transparent about how it handles personal information, to protecting the privacy and security of personal information and to meeting its data protection obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2016. The purpose of this privacy notice is to provide awareness of how and why we will collect and use personal information both during and after a working relationship with Techniquest. We are required under the GDPR to notify the information contained in this privacy notice.
Data protection principles
Under the GDPR, there are six data protection principles that Techniquest must comply with.
These provide that the personal information we hold must be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Collected only for legitimate purposes that have been clearly explained and not further processed in a way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to these purposes.
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Kept in a format which permits identification for no longer than is necessary for those purposes.
Proceed in a way that ensures appropriate security of the data.
Techniquest is responsible for, and must be able to demonstrate compliance, with these principles. This is called accountability.
Communications
By opting-in to receive communications from Techniquest your data will be placed on our community database (which is stored on the servers of a secure and GDPR compliant third party). This data will include, where applicable, information such as your name, email address, telephone number, company address and notes on your community engagement type.
You will also be placed on the mailing list for our newsletters, Technotice. These lists are stored on the servers of an approved third party processor, which we use to distribute our newsletters. The third party processor may track information such as your engagement with our newsletters. As a member of our mailing list you may also receive invites to select Techniquest events that we believe may be relevant to you. You can unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time via a link in the newsletter.
Techniquest will endeavour to use your personal information responsibly and has a number of procedures and policies in place to ensure that we are compliant with the latest data protection laws (including GDPR). We will store your data for a maximum period of two years. After this period has passed, we will either contact you again for permission to continue to store data if it is still required or delete it from our records. You also have the right to update or have your information permanently removed from our records at any time by contacting us.
The information that we gather is only used for the above purposes only. Your data may be held securely online with designated third party processors who have entered into a signed mutual agreement with Techniquest regarding the responsible use of data and data protection practices which conform to GDPR requirements. We are not responsible for any data breaches which occur with any third party processors but we will inform you of any breaches which involve your data as soon as we find out.
Volunteer
By completing an online application via the Techniquest website, you agree to have your information stored via a designated third party processor, which is used to process the transaction.
Information captured will include but not be limited to: name, address, email address, personal address, education, date of birth and marketing preferences. Techniquest does not hold or have access to any sensitive financial information such as the card or bank account details used to process payment – this is strictly handled by the designated third party processor if applicable.
Techniquest will endeavour to use your personal information responsibly and has a number of procedures and policies in place to ensure that we are compliant with the latest data protection laws (including GDPR). We will store your data for a maximum period of two years. After this period has passed, we will either contact you again for permission to continue to store data if it is still required or delete it from our records. You also have the right to update or have your information permanently removed from our records at any time by contacting us.
The information that we gather is only used for the above purposes only. Your data may be held securely online with designated third party processors who have entered into a signed mutual agreement with Techniquest regarding the responsible use of data and data protection practices which conform to GDPR requirements. We are not responsible for any data breaches which occur with any third party processors but we will inform you of any breaches which involve your data as soon as we find out.
Community Events
By signing up to our newsletter during community events and/or for community day events, you agree for us to store information on your attendance. This information may include but not be limited to: your name, email address, postcode, etc. This information will be stored with our approved third party processors as part of our community database and attendance list.
As an attendee of one of Techniquest you may be asked to give consent for your photograph to be taken. Please refer to the photographs/recordings privacy notice for further information.
Techniquest will endeavour to use your personal information responsibly and has a number of procedures and policies in place to ensure that we are compliant with the latest data protection laws (including GDPR). We will store your data for a maximum period of two years. After this period has passed, we will either contact you again for permission to continue to store data if it is still required or delete it from our records. You also have the right to update or have your information permanently removed from our records at any time by contacting us.
The information that we gather is only used for the above purposes only. Your data may be held securely online with designated third party processors who have entered into a mutual agreement with Techniquest regarding the responsible use of data and data protection practices which conform to GDPR requirements. We are not responsible for any data breaches which occur with any third party processors but we will inform you of any breaches which involve your data as soon as we find out.
Photographs/Recordings
By providing your consent to be included in Techniquest photography you agree to being included in photographs or video recordings taken by members of Techniquest staff or designated third party photographers. These photographs and videos may be used for Techniquest promotional and marketing purposes, including: leaflets, brochures, press releases and newsletters or used on our website at a later date.
If photos or videos are taken by a third party, they will be stored with that third party until they are transferred to Techniquest’s internal servers. These photos may also be used by the designated third parties for their own promotional purposes.
Techniquest will endeavour to use your personal information responsibly and has a number of procedures and policies in place to ensure that we are compliant with the latest data protection laws (including GDPR). We will store your data for a maximum period of two years. After this period has passed, we will either contact you again for permission to continue to store data if it is still required or delete it from our records. You also have the right to update or have your information permanently removed from our records at any time by contacting us.
The information that we gather is only used for the above purposes only. Your data may be held securely online with designated third party processors who have entered into a signed mutual agreement with Techniquest regarding the responsible use of data and data protection practices which conform to GDPR requirements. We are not responsible for any data breaches which occur with any third party processors but we will inform you of any breaches which involve your data as soon as we find out.
Research
By agreeing to participate in Techniquest’s community research you agree for us to collect your data for internal research purposes only. This information will be used to inform the development of existing and future Techniquest content.
We will collect information such as age ranges, gender and anecdotal quotes from participants but all of this information will remain anonymous. This information will be collected as hard copies which are subsequently transferred to a digital document which is then stored on Techniquest’s internal servers. Once this information is no longer required it is erased.
As part of the research, you may also be asked if you would like to opt-in to further communications or photographs/recordings. Please refer to the communications and photography privacy notices for further detail on how your information will be used.
Techniquest will endeavour to use your personal information responsibly and has a number of procedures and policies in place to ensure that we are compliant with the latest data protection laws (including GDPR). We will store your data for a maximum period of two years. After this period has passed, we will either contact you again for permission to continue to store data if it is still required or delete it from our records. You also have the right to update or have your information permanently removed from our records at any time by contacting us.
The information that we gather is only used for the above purposes only. Your data may be held securely online with designated third party processors who have entered into a signed mutual agreement with Techniquest regarding the responsible use of data and data protection practices which conform to GDPR requirements. We are not responsible for any data breaches which occur with any third party processors but we will inform you of any breaches which involve your data as soon as we find out.
Your rights
You can ask us to access the information we hold on you at any time
You have the right to rectify the information we hold
You can ask us to completely remove your details from all of our systems
You’re able to object to us using your information
You can restrict how we use your information
You have a right to data portability
Contact and complaints
The primary point of contact for all issues arising from this Policy, including requests to exercise data subject rights, is our Data Protection Officer. The Data Protection Officer can be contacted in the following way:
info@techniquest.org
If you have a complaint or concern about how we use your personal data, please contact us in the first instance and we will attempt to resolve the issue as soon as possible. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection supervisory authority at any time. In the UK, the supervisory authority for data protection is the ICO (https://ico.org.uk/). We do ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Terms of UseOnline Booking Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PoliciesBookingsCorporate EventsEducationEngagementFinanceAcceptable Use PolicyCookies
I consent to Techniquest contacting me via email in line with the Marketing Privacy Policy.
Subscribe
FAQs
I have a coronavirus question
Please see our dedicated COVID-19 FAQ page.
What is Techniquest?
Techniquest is an educational charity, with a science centre in Cardiff Bay. Our mission is to embed science in Welsh culture through interactive engagement. We provide a range of services to schools and teachers to complement formal education provision in Wales and work extensively with public audiences.
Where can I park?
We are pleased to be able to offer all of our visitors discounted parking with Q-Park, our preferred parking partner.
The Q-Park operates the Cardiff Bay car park in Pierhead Street which is around 8 minutes walk from Techniquest.
We have agreed a special discount rate for our customers of 15% off all pre-bookings.
Pre-book and guarantee your space here using the code TECHNI15.
There are also nearby pay-and-display car parks on Stuart Street and Havannah Street. Please do not park on Havannah Street itself.
Who is it for?
Techniquest is suitable for all ages! We do have special events for certain groups, however — see Toddler Days, After Hours and Home Educator days.
Follow us:
Corporate partners
Visit Cardiff Bay
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policies
Sitemap
Designed and developed by