https://www.universities-scotland.ac.uk/terms-conditions/
youtube-playtwittertumblrticktagssearchprintinsitu-playAsset 1Map_1Maplogologo-invertedlogo-altloadingloaderlinkedininstagramgoogle-plusfolderfacebookemailclosechevron-downcalendararrowarrowinistu-right-light-bluearrow-left-lightGraphik-Regular-WebGraphik-Medium-Web
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Website Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website.
By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
If you [register with our website, submit any material to our website or use any of our website services], we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our [privacy and cookies policy].
Copyright notice
Copyright (c) 2016 Universities Scotland
Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a)     we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)     all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
Licence to use website
You may:
(a)     view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)     download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c)     print pages from our website;
(d)     [stream audio and video files from our website; and]
(e)     [use [our website services] by means of a web browser,]
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material or seek permission, you must not:
(a)     republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b)     sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c)     show any material from our website in public;
(d)     exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e)     redistribute material from our website.
Notwithstanding Section 4.5, you may redistribute [our newsletter] in [print and electronic form] to [any person].
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
Links
The website contains links to websites operated by third parties. The inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement or approval of any products, information, materials or services offered or provided on these third party websites.
Acceptable use
You must not:
(a)   use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)   use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(d)  conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e)   access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f)    violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g)   use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is [true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
Limited warranties
We do not warrant or represent:
(a)     the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)     that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)     that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 12.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in a contract under these terms and conditions will:
(b)    limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)     limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)     exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 12 and elsewhere in a contract under these terms and conditions:
(a)     are subject to Section 12.1; and
(b)     govern all liabilities arising under that contract or relating to the subject matter of that contract, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in that contract.
To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
Variation
We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions. / We will give you written notice of any revision of these terms and conditions, and the revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of our website from the date that we give you such notice; if you do not agree to the revised terms and conditions, you must stop using our website.
If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable
Law and jurisdiction
A contract under these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots Law.
Any disputes relating to a contract under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the [exclusive / non-exclusive] jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
Statutory and regulatory disclosures
We are a registered charity. Our Scottish Charity number is: SC 029163
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Universities Scotland.
Our principal place of business is: Universities Scotland, Holyrood Park House, 106 Holyrood Road, Edinburgh, EH8 8AS.
You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to: susannah@universities-scotland.ac.uk or by telephone on: 0131 2250701.
Enquiries
Please send any enquiries to susannah@universities-scotland.ac.uk