http://www.cumbria.gov.uk/admin/privacy.asp
Access Keys:
skip navigation
go to home page
Site map
Search
Contact us
compliments, comments and complaints
Disclaimer
feedback form
Accessibility policy
Search for
in
General information
Adult learning
Bus timetables
Council job vacancies
Schools job vacancies
County Councillors
Cumbria support directory
Documents (e.g. PDF)
Family information directory
Fire incidents
Local events
News releases
Notices (Commons Registration)
School details
A to Z (county wide)
Home
Main menu
Births, Deaths, MarriagesEnvironment, PlanningFire, emergencies and safetyHealth and Social CareJobs and careersLibraries, ArchivesRoads, Travel, ParkingRubbish, RecyclingSchools and LearningYour CommunityYour Council
Cumbria County Council Privacy
Cumbria County Council is a 'data controller' under the General Data Protection Regulation and is committed to protecting your privacy when you use its services. This notice explains what the council will collect, who it will be shared with, why we need it and how we will use it. The council will continually review and update this privacy notice to reflect service changes, feedback from customers and changes in the law.
What information does the council collect about me?
The council will collect information from you in a variety of formats:
on a paper or online formby telephoneby emailrecorded by CCTV cameras, orin person by a member of our staff or one of our partnersIn the course of daily business the council collects the following information about you (dependent on the nature of the service(s) you are applying for or receiving):personal detailsfamily detailslifestyle and social circumstancesgoods and servicesfinancial detailsemployment and education detailshousing needsvisual images, personal appearance and behaviourlicenses or permits heldstudent and pupil recordsbusiness activitiescase file informationWe also process sensitive classes of information that may include:physical or mental health detailsracial or ethnic origintrade union membershippolitical affiliationpolitical opinionsoffences (including alleged offences)religious or other beliefs of a similar naturecriminal proceedings, outcomes and sentencessexual life
Why does the council collect information about me?
The council collects the information listed above to enable it to:support internal financial and corporate functions by maintaining accounts and recordssupport and manage employeespromote services and market local tourismconduct public/health awareness campaignsmanage propertyprovide leisure and cultural servicesprovide education servicescarry out surveys and consultationsadminister the assessment and collection of taxes and other revenue i.e. benefits, grantscarry out licensing and regulatory activitiesprovide social services to adults and childrenassist with crime prevention and prosecution of offenders i.e. CCTVundertake researchprovide all commercial services i.e. administration and enforcement of parking regulations and restrictionsprovide non-commercial activities i.e. refuse collections from residential propertiesmanage archived records for historical researchmatch data under local and national fraud initiativessupport public health services
Who does the council collect information about?
To provide services the council may need to collect information from or about the following:businesses, customers and suppliersstaff, persons contracted to provide a serviceclaimantscomplainants, enquirers or their representativesprofessional advisers and consultantsstudents and pupilscarers or representativeslandlordsrecipients of benefitswitnessesoffenders and suspected offenderslicence and permit holderstraders and others subject to inspectionpeople captured by CCTV imagesrepresentatives of other organisationspatientshealthcare users
Who does the council share information with?
The council may share information with: business associates and other professional adviserscourts, prisons and tribunalscredit reference agenciescurrent, past and prospective employerscustomerscustoms and excisedata processorsdebt collection and tracing agencieseducators and examining bodiesemployees and agents of the data controllerfamily, associates or representatives of the person whose personal data we are processingfinancial organisationsfire authoritieshealthcare, social and welfare organisations and professionalshousing associations and landlordsinternational law enforcement agencies and bodieslaw enforcement and prosecuting authoritieslegal representativeslicensing authoritieslocal and central government departmentsLocal Government Ombudsman/Information Commissionerpartner agencies, approved organisations and individuals working with the police,persons making an enquiry or complaintpolice complaints authoritypolice forcespolitical organisationspress and the mediaprivate investigatorsprofessional advisers and consultantsprofessional bodiesproviders of goods and servicesregulatory bodiesreligious organisationssecurity companiesservice providersstudents and pupils including their relatives, guardians, carers or representativessurvey and research organisationsthe disclosure and barring servicetrade unionsvoluntary and charitable organisationsWhere information sharing is necessary we are required to comply with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 1998.
Lawful basis for processing data
There are a number of legal reasons why we need to collect and use your personal information.Generally we collect and use personal information where:you, or your legal representative, have given consentyou have entered in to a contract with usit is necessary to perform our statutory dutiesit is necessary to protect someone in an emergencyit is required by lawit is necessary for employment purposesit is necessary to deliver health or social care servicesyou have made your information publicly availableit is necessary for legal casesit is to the benefit of society as a wholeit is necessary to protect public healthit is necessary for archiving, research, or statistical purposesIf we have consent to use your personal information, you have the right to remove it at any time.If you want to remove your consent, please email dataprotection@cumbria.gov.uk and tell us which service you're using so we can deal with your request.
Protecting your information
We will take appropriate steps to make sure we hold records about you (on paper and electronically) in a secure way, and we will only make them available to those who have a right to see them.  Our security includes: encryption, access controls on systems and security training for all staff.
Information Security policy (PDF 308kb).GDPR Compliance Policy (PDF 350KB)PSN connection compliance certificate (PDF 340kb)If you access information online, the council website does not store or capture personal information, but merely logs a number called your IP address which is automatically recognised by the system. The system will record personal information if you:subscribe to or apply for services that require personal informationreport a fault and give your contact details for us to respondcontact us and leave your details for us to respondFor further information visit our Cookies web page.
How can you request correction of inaccurate information?
You should let us know if you disagree with some information we hold about you. You may not always be able to change or remove the information, however, we will correct factual inaccuracies and may include your comments in the records.
Please email dataprotection@cumbria.gov.uk to inform us of any inaccuracies.
Data Transfers
It may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal information overseas. When this is required information may need to be transferred to countries or territories outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).  The council will ensure that all relevant safeguards are in place before this takes place and that all aspects of the Data Protection Act 1998 are complied with.
Adults
Please refer to our Adults Privacy Notice:Privacy Notice - Adult Social Care (PDF 301kb)Privacy Notice - Counter Terrorism Channel Programme (PDF 297KB)Privacy Notice - Reablement and Support at Home Service (PDF 234KB)Personal Social Services - Survey of Adult Carers in England (SACE) PDF 227KB)Personal Social Services - Adult Social Care Survey England (ASCS) PDF 63KB)
Blue Badge applications
When you apply for a Blue Badge we will collect the following information from you:NamePostal addressContact phone numberEmail addressDate of birthPlace of birthName at birthGenderNational Insurance numberProof of your addressProof of your identityA photographEvidence of eligibility relating to health conditions and/or disabilitiesEvidence of benefits receivedIf you already have a Blue Badge, the number and  expiry date will be requested.The purpose for collecting this information is to determine whether the applicant is eligible for a Blue Badge.We will share this information with third parties where necessary (including other internal service areas). Relevant information will also be shared to support parking enforcement activities.Payments will be handled by a third party supplier (gov.uk pay).
CCTV/Surveillance
We have installed CCTV systems in some of our premises used by members of the public, for the purposes of public and staff safety and the prevention and detection of crime. CCTV is also installed on the outside of some of our buildings for the purposes of monitoring building security and crime prevention and detection.Images captured by CCTV will not be kept for longer than necessary. However, on occasions there may be a need to keep images for longer, for example where a crime is being investigated.Civil Enforcement Officers (CEOs) who undertake the enforcement of parking restrictions, are each equipped with a Body Worn Video Device (BWVD)  which has both video and audio recording capability.During their work the CEOs are vulnerable to verbal and physical abuse. The BWVDs can act as a deterrent to abusive and aggressive behaviour and prevent a situation escalating and the recording can also be used as evidence in cases where a CEO has been assaulted or abused. It can also be used to investigate complaints about a CEO.The council's Body Worn Video Device and Hand Held Unit Policy (PDF 289kb) details the operational procedures for using the devices, data storage and requests for access to footage.Individuals can request a copy of the footage under the Data Protection Act using the council's online form.We will only disclose images and audio to other authorised bodies who intend to use it for the purposes stated above.  Images and audio will not be released to the media for entertainment purposes or placed on the internet for public viewing.We operate CCTV and disclose in accordance with the codes of practice issued by the Information Commissioner and the Home Office.
Children and Young People
Please refer to our Children and Young People Privacy Notices:Privacy Notice - 0 to 19 Child and Family Support Service (PDF 525KB)Privacy Notice - Counter Terrorism Channel Programme (PDF 297KB)Privacy Notice - Cumbria Information, Advice and Guidance (PDF 752KB)Privacy Notice - Children In Need, Children Looked After, Child Protection, Care Leavers (PDF 752KB)Privacy Notice - Citizens Portal (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Focus Family (PDF 752KB)Privacy Notice - Multi Agency Safeguarding Hub (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - National Pupil Database (PDF 752KB)Privacy Notice - Pupils (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Schools and Early Years (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Short Breaks Autism Support (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Strengthening Families (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Targeted Youth Support (PDF 751KB)Privacy Notice - Youth Support Schools (PDF 546KB)
Complaints, concerns and investigations
Privacy notice - complaints, concerns and investigations (PDF 234KB)
Contacting the council
EmailsIf you email us we may keep a record of your contact and your email address and the email for our record keeping of the transaction.
We suggest that you keep the amount of confidential information you send to us via email to a minimum and use our secure online forms and services.
You can sign up for email alerts for selected services using an external service from GovDelivery, with control over your preferences.Telephone callsThe council will inform you if your telephone calls are being recorded or monitored and will not record any financial card details if you make payments by telephone.
COVID-19 Cumbria Local Contact-Tracing System
COVID-19 Cumbria Local Contact Tracing System privacy notice (PDF 233KB)
COVID-19 Emergency Support Helpline
Emergency HelplineDuring the COVID-19 Pandemic the council with its partners has established the Emergency Support Helpline to provide support to high-risk, vulnerable individuals who are not already receiving support from family, friends or local voluntary groups.The purpose of the Helpline is to allow individuals or concerned friends/neighbours to request help with getting food, medicines, essential supplies and home deliveries.Information will be collected from callers using the Helpline by:Online support formTelephone: 0800 783 1966 Email: COVID19support@cumbria.gov.ukAs a minimum the council will collect the following information to enable a decision to be made:Name AddressAgeResidential Status (for example - alone, remote area)Contact DetailsSupport Available (for example - friends or family)Where information is received from concerned friends/neighbours the council will contact the affected individuals directly to discuss their requirements.  The council will explain the services and support available, and if the individual does not consent to receive the services offered this will be recorded and not progressed.  If a risk to individual health, safety or welfare is identified the council has a duty of care to take the appropriate action to ensure this need is met.Requests received via the Emergency Support Helpline with be matched with local support and supplies being offered by community groups, volunteers, councils and businesses.All data collected as part of this project will be processed in accordance with the principles laid out in Article 5 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and in response to the data sharing requirements in the Health Service (Control of Patient Information) Regulations 2002.
COVID-19 Employee Coaching and Wellbeing Service
COVID-19 Employee Coaching and Wellbeing Service (PDF 195KB)
COVID-19 Employee Screening
COVID-19 Employee Screening privacy notice (PDF 46KB)
COVID-19 Multi-Agency Intelligence Cell (MAIC)
Privacy Notice - COVID-19 Multi-Agency Intelligence Cell (MAIC) (PDF 221KB)
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information.  You can contact the DPO in the following ways: Email: dataprotection@cumbria.gov.ukPost:Data Protection Officer
c/o Information Governance Team
Cumbria County Council
Cumbria House
117 Botchergate
Carlisle
CA1 1RDPlease note: the Data Protection Officer cannot deal with appeals for Parking Charge Notices (PCNs), these should be directed to the Parking Team at parking@cumbria.gov.uk
Detection and prevention of fraud
National Fraud Initiative We participate in the Cabinet Office's National Fraud Initiative: a data matching exercise to assist in the prevention and detection of fraud. We are required to provide particular sets of data to the Minister for the Cabinet Office for matching for each exercise.The processing of data by the Cabinet Office in a data matching exercise is carried out with statutory authority under its powers in Part 6 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014. It does not require the consent of the individuals concerned under the data protection legislation or the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Data matching by the Cabinet Office is subject to a Code of Practice.View further information on the Cabinet Office's legal powers and the reasons why it matches particular information. For further information on data matching at this authority contact nfi@cumbria.gov.ukData MatchingThis authority is required by law to protect the public funds it administers. It may share information provided to it with other bodies responsible for auditing, administering public funds or where undertaking a public function, in order to prevent and detect fraud.The Cabinet Office is responsible for carrying out data matching exercises.Data matching involves comparing computer records held by one body against other computer records held by the same or another body to see how far they match. This is usually personal information. Computerised data matching allows potentially fraudulent claims and payments to be identified. Where a match is found it may indicate that there is an inconsistency which requires further investigation. No assumption can be made as to whether there is fraud, error or other explanation until an investigation is carried out.
Economic programmes
Economic programmes (PDF 352KB)
Elected Members
In order for Elected Members to act on your behalf and resolve the issues you have raised they need to collect some personal data.  This could include your name and address, and/or sensitive personal data, which could be concerning your health or ethnic origin.In some circumstances your explicit consent may be needed to allow for the processing of your data. If this is needed the relevant Elected Member will contact you directly.Elected Members will:only share data with the organisations necessary to deal with your enquiry i.e. different council departments, and to resolve any issues you have raisednot share your data with third parties, unless it is required for law enforcement purposes to prevent or detect crime, to protect public funds or where required or permitted to share data under other legislationkeep your data secure using the council's secure IT and email systemsretain/destroy your data in accordance with the council's Retention and Disposal ScheduleYou have the right to access your data and to rectify mistakes, erase, restrict, object or move your data in certain circumstances.You can withdraw your consent for your data to be processed as described above at any time.  If you would like this to happen or you have a complaint about how your data is handled please contact your Elected Member.If the matter is not resolved you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office:
In writing:         Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
By Telephone:    0303 123 1113
Online:             https://www.gov.uk/data-protection/make-a-complaint
Employment
Please refer to our employment privacy notices:Privacy Notice - Employees, Candidates, Workers, Contractors and Volunteers (PDF 498KB)Privacy Notice - Occupational Health (PDF 315KB)Privacy Notice - Schedules (PDF 24KB)Privacy Notice - Employee data check (PDF 354KB)These documents contain links to the Cumbria County Council intranet.  If you do not have access to the intranet and need copies of the documents, please contact:your Line Managerthe Service Centre - telephone: 01228 223333People Management - telephone: 01228 221231
Highways Service
When you report a highways fault we will collect the following information from you:NameEmail addressDetails of the faultThe purpose for collecting this information is to  to keep you informed about progress with reported highways defects i.e. potholes. No automated decisions are made using the personal data you supply to us for the above purposes.We will share this information with other third parties where necessary (including other internal service areas).
Household Waste Permit Scheme
When you apply for a Household Waste Recycling Permit we will collect the following information from you:NameEmail addressTelephoneAddressPermit requirementsVehicle detailsWaste informationThe purpose for collecting this information is to allow the council to process your permit application. We will share this information with other third parties where necessary (including other internal service areas).
Parking
Penalty Charge NoticesWhen we issue a penalty charge notice we collect the following information:Vehicle Registration MarkVehicle makeVehicle locationPhotographs of vehicle and location Vehicle colour
When you pay or challenge a penalty charge notice we will collect the following information:Penalty Charge Notice numberVehicle registration markNamePostal addressContact detailsPayment details
The purpose for collecting this information is to allow the council to process payments or challenges. We will share this information with other third parties where necessary (including other internal service areas).Apply for a parking permitWhen you apply for a parking permit we collect the following information from you:Vehicle registrationNamePostal addressContact detailsProof of your addressProof of your identityProof of vehicle ownershipSpecific supporting evidence for business and carer permitsThe purpose for collecting this information is to allow the council to issue parking permits and operate the permit scheme in Cumbria. We will share this information with other third parties where necessary (including other internal service areas).
Planning and Development Control
Planning and Development Control privacy notice (PDF 609KB)
Public Health
Aggregated, anonymised or pseudonymised health data (including births and deaths data, and Hospital Episode Statistics) is used by Cumbria County Council's Performance and Risk team in supporting the effective and efficient discharge of its statutory duty and wider responsibilities to improve and protect the health and wellbeing of the populations it serves, and reduce health inequalities. For more information of the role and duties of the Public Health function see: www.cumbria.gov.uk/publichealthPurposes and data heldThe Performance and Risk team will access health related information to analyse the health needs and outcomes of the local population and for monitoring trends and patterns of diseases and the associated risk factors.All information accessed, processed and stored by the Performance and Risk team will be used to measure the health, mortality or care needs of the population; for planning, evaluating and monitoring health; protecting and improving public health.
It is used to carry out and support:health needs assessmentshealth equity analysiscommissioning and delivery of services to promote health and prevent ill healthpublic health surveillanceidentifying inequalities in the way people access servicesjoint strategic needs assessmenthealth protection and other partnership activitiesTo deliver public health, local authorities need to use available health data sources to get relevant health and social care information. This data can contain person identifiable data which may identify patients such as name, address, age, sex, ethnicity, disease, use of hospital services, and/or NHS Number.The Performance and Risk team will have access to the following data:Primary Care Mortality Database (PCMD) - The PCMD holds mortality data as provided at the time of registration of the death along with additional GP details, geographical indexing and coroner details where applicable.Births and Vital Statistics datasets - Births files include date of birth, sex, birth weight, address, postcode, place of birth, stillbirth indicators and age of mother. Deaths data includes: deaths broken down by age, sex, area and cause of death sourced from the deaths register.Hospital Episode Data (HES) - is a data warehouse containing details of all admissions, outpatient appointments and A and E attendances at NHS hospitals in England. This data is collected during a patient's time at hospital and is submitted to allow hospitals to be paid for the care they deliver. HES data is designed to enable secondary use, that is use for non-clinical purposes, of this administrative data.We are committed to using pseudonymised or anonymised information as much as is practical, and in many cases this will be the default position. Pseudonymisation is a procedure by which the most identifiable fields within a data record are replaced by one or more artificial identifiers, or pseudonyms. There can be a single pseudonym for a collection of replaced fields or a pseudonym per replaced field. The purpose is to render the data record less identifiable and therefore lower customer or patient objections to its use.Anonymisation is the process of removing identifying particulars or details from (something, especially medical test results) for statistical or other purposes.Legal basisAny information held by the council about individuals will be held securely and in compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Information will not be held for longer than required and will be disposed of securely. The legal basis for the flow of data for the above purposes is set out in Section 42(4) of the Statistics and Registration Service Act (2007) as amended by section 287 of the Health and Social Care Act (2012) and Regulation 3 of the Health Service (Control of Patient Information) Regulations 2002. The council has a Data Access Agreement with NHS Digital and data is supplied in accordance with section 42(4) of the Statistics and Registration Service Act 2007 as amended by section 287 of the Health and Social Care Act 2012, and Regulation 3 of the Health Service (Control of Patient Information) Regulations 2002.Your rightsYou have the right to opt-out of the Performance and Risk team receiving or holding your personal identifiable information. There are occasions where service providers will have a legal duty to share information, for example for safeguarding or criminal issues. The process for opting out will depend on the specific data and what programme it relates to. If you have any questions about our use of these data, wish to request a copy of the information we hold about you, or if you wish to discuss your rights in relation to opting-out from these processes, please contact the Performance and Risk team at pandi@cumbria.gov.uk
Trading Standards
Cumbria Trading Standards - Privacy notice
Your rights
AccessSubject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data (this is more commonly known as submitting a "data subject access request"). If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations. We must be able to verify your identity. Your request may not impact the rights and freedoms of other people, eg privacy and confidentiality rights of other staff. Where you, the data subject, make a request by electronic form means, the information will be provided by electronic means where possible, unless otherwise requested. You can find out further information on the council's Subject Access Request process at Your RightsData PortabilitySubject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the personal data which you have provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a structured, commonly-used machine readable format. If you exercise this right, you should specify the type of information you would like to receive (and where we should send it) where possible to ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations. This right only applies if the processing is based on your consent or on our contract with you and when the processing is carried out by automated means (ie not for paper records). It covers only the personal data that has been provided to us by you. Inaccurate or Incomplete DataYou may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal data and have it corrected or completed, as applicable. You have a responsibility to help us to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as they occur, including changes to your contact details, telephone number, immigration status. Please always check first whether there are any available self-help tools to correct the personal data we process about you. This right only applies to your own personal data. When exercising this right, please be as specific as possible.Object to/Restrict ProcessingSubject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data. As stated above, this right applies where our processing of your personal data is necessary for our legitimate interests. You can also object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. ErasureSubject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have your personal data erased (also known as the "right to be forgotten"), eg where your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes it was collected for, or where the relevant processing is unlawful. We may not be in a position to erase your personal data, if for example, we need it to (i) comply with a legal obligation, or (ii) exercise or defend legal claims. Withdrawal of consentAs stated above, where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will only take effect for future processing.You also have the right to complain with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), which is the UK data protection regulator. More information can be found on the Information Commissioner's website: www.ico.org.uk/concerns
Contact the Data Protection Officer
If you would like to discuss your information rights further, please contact the council's Data Protection Officer: Use our online formEmail: dataprotection@cumbria.gov.ukPost:Data Protection Officer
Cumbria House
117 Botchergate
1st Floor
Legal and Democratic Services
Carlisle
Cumbria
CA1 1RD
Sign me up
Latest news, jobs and more...
Follow us on social media
A to Z
Site map
Accessibility
Contact us
Cookies
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Top