http://www.ecolint.ch/legal-notice
Skip to main content
EN
FR
Ecolint
Ecolint Camps
Centre des arts
Institute
Alumni
My Ecolint
Search form
Search
You are hereHomeLegal Notice
Legal Notice
1. Conditions of use for the International School of Geneva (ISG) internet site
1.1 General conditions and definitions
The ISG internet sites are the property of the International School of Geneva which manages them.  The International School of Geneva is a foundation established under Swiss law and registered in the canton of Geneva under the name "Ecole Internationale de Genève (EIG)".  Its legal address is 62 route de Chêne, 1208 Geneva, Switzerland. Communications may be made by email to communications@ecolint.ch or by telephone to +41 22 787 24 00.
ISG owns and manages several internet sites and web pages, in particular its public site, accessible via https://www.ecolint.ch, as well as those sites relating to its holiday camps, Institute of Learning and Teaching and Centre des arts. These public sites are the only sites accessible to the public.  All other ISG internet sites are strictly reserved for use by those persons properly authorized by ISG, who have received identification and/or personal passwords.  For the purposes of the present conditions of use, the intranet designed for use by ISG personnel is not considered as an ISG internet site.
Access to ISG internet sites is offered on the sole condition that you accept, without modification, the present conditions of use. The act of accessing ISG internet sites, navigating on them or using them implies an acceptance of the present conditions of use (hereinafter referred to as the Conditions of Use).
The Conditions of Use may be updated and/or revised at any time by the ISG with no individual notice to users.  Please note that it is your responsibility to consult them regularly.
ISG may suspend or modify all or part of the services offered on these internet sites for any reason and at any time, at its own discretion.
1.2  Links with third-party Internet sites
ISG internet sites may contain links to third-party internet sites (hereinafter referred to as "linked sites".)
ISG has no control over linked sites and may not be held responsible for the availability of such sites or their content, or notably for the links contained in a linked site or for any modification of or update to any of these linked sites.  The inclusion of a link to another site does not constitute an approval of the said site nor any association with its operator. ISG does not guarantee the proper functioning of linked sites nor the absence of viruses or other bugs liable to harm the equipment by which you access the internet.
It is your responsibility to consult the conditions of use published on linked sites and to abide by them.
1.3  Illegal or forbidden use
As a user of ISG internet sites you undertake:
1.3.1  not to cause, or allow a third party to cause, injury or harm to ISG, to any of its clients or to other users of ISG internet sites;
1.3.2  not to use ISG internet sites to transmit or to put online any material:
which could be perceived as defamatory, injurious, obscene or menacing,
liable, in the view of the ISG, to be a source of nuisance to the members of its staff or to any other person,
which is illegal or which violates the intellectual property of the ISG or a third party
or
which is forbidden by the present Conditions of Use.
1.3.3.  not to use, or to permit a third party to use, the ISG internet sites in a way which might damage, deteriorate, overload or disrupt the functioning of one or several ISG internet sites (or any network connected to any ISG internet site) or which might interfere with another's use of any ISG internet site.
1.3.4  not to use, or to permit a third party to use, ISG internet sites in order to obtain unauthorized access to installations or services, nor for any activity destined to achieve, or resulting in, the following
the alteration or destruction of data belonging to ISG or to a third party,
the violation of privacy of a third party,
the continuing use of IT material after ISG has requested the termination of its use.
or
any other deliberately abusive use of ISG internet sites.
1.3.5  not to attempt unauthorized access to any ISG internet site, to any access-protected sections of such sites, to the accounts of other users or to any IT systems or networks connected to ISG internet sites, whether by IT piracy, gleaning of passwords or by any other means.
1.3.6  not to attempt to obtain any material or information which has not been made intentionally available on an ISG internet site.
1.4 Passwords
You agree to respect the confidentiality of any identification and/or password which is attributed and not to divulge the said password or identification to a third party.  Moreover you agree to inform us immediately in the case of unauthorized use of a password or the violation of this condition.
In the case of violation by a user of any of the articles of these Conditions of Use, ISG reserves the right to deny access to any account or to annul any password attributed.
1.5 Exemption from responsibility
The information, products and services contained or available on the ISG internet sites are liable to contain errors or misprints.  ISG reserves the right to carry out modifications on all its internet sites and to correct the information contained there.ISG does not guarantee that documents available on its internet sites are the most recent versions of the said documents.For all useful purposes the ISG offers no guarantee of the relevance, reliability, availability, the exhaustive nature or the accuracy of any material, information, programmes, products or services or of any graphic elements contained on ISG internet sites.  Furthermore the ISG does not guarantee that any of the foregoing is free of viruses or harmful elements. This information is supplied "as it stands" with no guarantee.
You are only authorized to use ISG internet sites on condition that the ISG is not held responsible for any act carried out by you based on information contained on ISG internet sites.  Furthermore you agree that ISG is not held responsible if use of an ISG internet site makes necessary a repair to your IT equipment or a rectification of your data.
You accept that ISG is not held responsible for any data which you may transmit, nor for any data or material sent or received via an ISG internet site.   Consequently the ISG may not be held responsible in the case of unauthorized access to such data or in the case of their loss or alteration.
You accept that the ISG may not be held responsible for any content or third-party action of a menacing, defamatory, obscene, injurious or illegal nature, nor for any violation by a third party of the rights of another person, particularly in the case of their intellectual property rights.  You accept that the ISG may not be held responsible for any content transmitted via ISG internet sites or placed upon these sites by a third party.
The ISG has no responsibility towards you (contractually, criminally or in any other way) in the case of bodily harm, death, material damage or in the case of direct, indirect or subsequent loss (these three terms including, with no limitation whatsoever, the loss of data, of purely economic injury, loss of revenue, loss of business income, loss of clientele and any similar loss) resulting from or linked in any way whatever to the access to, use of, or functioning of, the ISG internet sites, to the delayed access to one or several ISG internet sites or to the impossibility of using them, to the supply or lack of supply of any service, or to the information, programmes, services and graphics obtained via one or other ISG internet site or resulting in any other way from the use of one or other ISG internet site.
1.6 Indemnity
You undertake to compensate and to guarantee the ISG, its directors, officers, employees or representatives against any claim, action or demand (including legal costs) linked to or resulting from your contravention of the present Conditions of Use.
1.7 Trademarks
The logos, designs, trademarks and other brands visible on ISG internet sites are duly registered and are the property of the ISG or third parties.  You are forbidden to copy and or to use them without prior written consent their respective owners. Permission may be sought vie email to communications@ecolint.ch.
1.8 Intellectual property and copyright
1.8.1  Content and material on ISG internet sites
The material contained on ISG internet sites, such as photographs, illustrations, graphics, texts, video and audio clips etc, is either the exclusive property of the ISG or reproduced with the permission of the copyright holder. Copyright relating to all content of ISG internet sites is the property of ISG or a third party.  All rights are reserved.
You are not authorized to reproduce (in whole or in part), to modify, transfer, re-publish, distribute, transmit (electronically or otherwise), to create works deriving from, to sell or to use in any other way any of the content or material made available on ISG internet sites without the prior, written consent of the ISG, with the exception of any material or content which is expressly marked to the contrary. In particular you are not authorized to include, or to allow a third party to include in other publications, internet sites or products, the content of ISG internet sites or any material made available on those sites.  You are only authorized to consult the content and materials on ISG internet sites for your private use and are not authorized to download them, to save them to your hard disk, or on any similar equipment, and to print them except for this purpose.
Any request for authorization concerning the use of all or part of the content or material contained on ISG internet sites which is not authorized by the present Conditions of Use must be addressed by email to communications@ecolint.ch. Any unauthorized use is liable to legal action.
1.8.2 Information put online by users
In putting any content, material or data of any nature online on an ISG internet site you grant irrevocably to the ISG a free and non exclusive licence to use, publish or reproduce the said content, material or data on all ISG internet sites and in any other form.
When you put online any information you are bound to conform to the provisions of article 1.3.2. above.
1.9.  No implicit licence
Nothing contained on ISG internet sites may be taken to constitute the agreement of a licence in regard to any intellectual property belonging to the ISG or a third party.
1.10 Treatment of personal data by the ISG
We collect and process personal data which you voluntarily provide by sending us an email, applying for a job, accepting an offer of employment, participating in a survey, completing an online form, or enrolling yourself or your children in our school or one of our related services such as holiday camps, our Centre des arts, our alumni membership platform or a further education training course.
We create and process personal data files about our current and future students, clients and alumni in order to evaluate and deal with their registration and admission as well as to manage any subsequent contractual relationship with the concerned data subject or their legal representative(s).
We do the same regarding job applicants and our current employees for the purposes of the recruiting process and if applicable the management of the subsequent employment relationship.
We also collect personal data which are freely accessible in the public domain about potential fundraising prospects or donors in order to secure the legitimate interests of financial support for the Foundation.
Personal data relating to tuition fee payments or fundraising activities is exclusively used for internal, statistical or fundraising purposes.
All personal data collection and analysis is done in compliance with both the applicable Swiss and European data protection laws and the corresponding data are treated confidentially.
We will only share personal data with affiliates for the purposes of conducting the activities and business of the school and provision of related services. The personal data collected will not be disclosed to third parties without the prior consent of the data subject or their legal representative(s).
By providing data to the International School of Geneva (hereinafter “Ecolint”), you confirm that pursuant to the provision of Article 4 (11) of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation UE 2016/679) in force as of May 25, 2018, Ecolint, with its registered seat at 62 Route de Chêne, 1208, Geneva, Switzerland, as a data controller, may process and subsequently use or further communicate your personal data for the purposes of conducting its educational business and activities and for sending communications related to the school and its associated services. This consent is also considered as the consent to send electronic mail messages and SMS messages under the GDPR provisions. At the same time you agree that the controller may also process your personal data through a data processor under the terms and conditions set out by the GDPR. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal data unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal data with any organization apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
The consent is provided for an unlimited period until it is revoked.
In some circumstances we are legally obliged to share information. For example under a court order or where we cooperate with other European or Swiss supervisory authorities in handling complaints or investigations. We might also share information with other regulatory bodies in order to comply with their, or our, objectives. In any scenario, we will satisfy ourselves that we have a lawful basis on which to share the information and document our decision making and satisfy ourselves we have a legal basis on which to share the information.
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal data. It is important that the personal data we hold about you are accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes. Thus the personal data may be modified or supplemented, and the consent to processing thereof may be revoked or restricted at any time by sending an email to privacy@ecolint.ch. No charge will be made. In such a case, the provided personal data will be updated, blocked, or deleted immediately. Receiving electronic mails or messages from Ecolint may be revoked in the same manner at any time. We will not keep personal data longer than is necessary for the purpose or purposes for which they were collected.
You further acknowledge that in order for Ecolint to provide certain services, notably education for your children, some personal information may be required, and that if you choose to revoke consent for the storage and processing of those data, this may entail the cancellation of your contract.
A cookie is a small text file stored by your browser that allows the website to “remember” your preferences (such as calendar settings and site bookmarks) on the site from visit to visit, or to maintain your “logged in” status when visiting protected areas. Browser cookies may also be used in remarketing campaigns to display paid content from Ecolint on partner websites. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Web browsers have settings allowing you to reject cookies, selectively accept cookies, or delete cookies previously accepted. Please be aware that rejecting or deleting cookies from our website may make certain functions and services unavailable to you.
Like most standard website servers, we use website statistic packages such as Google Analytics to analyze trends in how our website is accessed and utilized. Information monitored includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, geographic location of visitors (country, city), browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, time spent on pages, and keywords used to find our site via search engines. This information is anonymous and cannot be directly linked to individual users. We may use it to identify high-use or low-use areas of the site, pinpoint problem areas of the site, analyze broad demographic trends in our visitors, and make decisions about how to make it easier for people to find and navigate our website.
This and other Ecolint websites may contain links to external sites. This privacy notice does not cover how that organization processes personal information. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, except those owned and maintained by Ecolint. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site(s) and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this and other Ecolint websites.
Ecolint websites take every precaution to protect our users' personal information. Whenever users submit personal information (such as contact info or credit card info) via online forms, registration, or online purchase, upon submission that information is encrypted via the highest level of security available (SSL). Servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment. Under no circumstances are credit card numbers permanently stored on our website servers.
Posts to discussion forums, discussion boards, comments to blogs, and alumni events are viewable by other users. When these areas are not in a password protected area, they may be viewable by the general public. Please be aware of this when posting personal information in these areas.
1.11 Use of personal data contained on ISG Internet sites
You are not authorized to use personal data contained on ISG internet sites except in the case of:
communication with ISG employees in connection with their work within the ISG;
communication with third parties in connection with their activities in regard to the ISG;
or
the fulfilment of your contractual obligations, or those of your employer, with regard to the ISG.
In particular you undertake not to use, or to permit a third party to use, all or part of the personal data contained on the ISG internet sites for commercial purposes by mail or email.
1.12 Replacement, legal application and jurisdiction
In the case where one or other of the provisions of the present Conditions of Use should be invalid or inapplicable, this provision shall be replaced by that valid and applicable provision whose content shall reflect most closely the aims of the initial provision, all other provisions remaining fully applicable.
The present Conditions of Use are governed by Swiss law. The  Geneva tribunal is the sole body competent to rule on any litigation which may arise concerning the present Conditions of Use or in connection with them.
1st July 2018International School of  Geneva
Français
OverviewWelcome
Why Ecolint?
Our Mission
Our History
Our Three CampusesLa Grande BoissièrePrimary
Middle
Secondary
La ChâtaigneraiePrimary
Secondary
Campus des NationsEarly Years
Primary
Secondary
Calendars
Year planner calendar 2020-21 (PDF)
Year planner calendar 2021-22 (PDF)
News
Job Opportunities
Contact us
Resources
Supporting Ecolint
Ecolint Inclusion and Diversity Statement
Child Protection Policy
Programmes & ResultsProgrammes
Diplomas and Certificates
Examination Results
University & Career Guidance
Special Education Needs
High Quality Learning and Teaching
Beyond the ClassroomCafeteria & Transport
After School Care
Extra Curricular Activities
Sports
World Languages Programme
STEM Centre
Students’ League of Nations
Humanitarian Projects
Odyssey of the Mind
The Duke of Edinburgh's International Award
Parent Teacher Associations
Ecolint in the CommunityCourse de l’Escalade
Foundation Choir
La Châtaigneraie Community Orchestra
International Maths Quest
Guest Speaker Series
echo Magazine
AdmissionsWelcome to Admissions
Admissions process
Tuition and Fees
Apply Online
Enquiry form
Visit our Campuses!
School Calendar 2020-2021
School Calendar 2021-2022
Leadership & GovernanceOrganisational structure
Conférence des Directeurs
Our Governing Board
© 2016 Fondation de l'Ecole Internationale de Genève | Legal Notice | Privacy
Website by Oyster design