http://www.itcilo.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy policy
Web Privacy policy
This policy is based on our fundamental goal to provide our visitors with quality information and resources while maintaining individual anonymity and personal privacy. The following statement outlines the privacy policy of the International Training Centre of the International Labour Organisation (ITCILO). It applies to all "ITCILO web sites" - that is to all sites under the "itcilo.org" domain.
Visitor data collected by the ITCILO
When you access our web pages, the visitor information and the essential and nonessential technical information listed below is automatically collected - we refer to those categories collectively as "access" information. No other information is collected through the ITCILO web site except when you deliberately decide to send it to us (for example, when you apply to a course or register on the Centre’s e-Campus). The information you might choose to send us in this case is listed below as “Optional information” and "Additional information for Course Enrolment."
Automatically collected access information
Visitor information: the Internet domain and Internet address of the computer you are using.
Essential technical information: identification of the page or service you are requesting, type of browser and operating system you are using; and the date and time of access.
Nonessential technical information: the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our web site, and the "cookie information" described below.
Optional information
When you send us an e-mail: your name, e-mail address, and the content of your e-mail.
When you complete online forms: all the data you choose to fill in or confirm.
Additional information for course enrolment
If you express interest in, or register for, a course, ITCILO will record details related to that course such as whether you start and/or complete the course, the scores you achieve in assessments, certificates and badges you earn, your responses to evaluation and feedback surveys, and other information relating to your participation in learning. We will use this information for the management and provision of courses only. You may also be requested to provide information related to necessary administrative, security and travel arrangements, including acceptance of the ITCILO’s code of conduct, https://campuslife.itcilo.org/code-of-conduct .
When you register on the Centre’s e-Campus, you will be asked to provide ITCILO with personal and employment information such as name, gender, email address, country , organisation you work for and other similar information. The ITCILO will use this information to allow you to use the platform, including registering for courses.
In addition to the information you provide when registering, on the e-Campus you will have the possibility to provide additional data such as interests, profile picture, or additional contact details through your profile. Contributions made through the site, for example through chat sessions or discussion forums, may be stored on the site (and visible by other users).
When applying to a course, you will be asked whether you want to receive information on future courses. If you accept, your data will be recorded on the Centre’s relationship management system. You will then be able at any time, to be removed from this list by clicking on the opt-out link automatically included in all our email communications.
Providing information is your choice
There is no legal requirement for you to provide any information at our website. However, our website will not work without routing information and essential technical information. Failure of your browser to provide nonessential technical information will not prevent your use of our website but may prevent certain features from working. For any information that is requested at the website, failure to provide the requested information will mean that the particular service associated with that part of the web page may not be available to you. You will for instance not be able to apply to a course or register on the Centre’s e-Campus.
Use of cookies
The ITCILO web sites uses "cookies," a small data file transferred by a website to your computer's hard drive, to collect anonymous traffic data. We send cookies when you visit itcilo.org web sites and platforms, respond to online surveys or polls, or request information. Accepting the cookies used on our site does not give us access to your Personally Identifiable Information, but we can use the cookies to identify your computer. The aggregated information collected permits us to analyze traffic patterns on our site. This helps us provide you with a better experience by improving the content and making our site easier to use.
The way we use information
Visitor information is used to route the requested web page to your computer for viewing. In theory, the requested web page and the routing information could be discerned by other entities involved in transmitting the requested page to you. We do not control the privacy practices of those entities.
Essential and nonessential technical information helps us respond to your request in an appropriate format (or in a personalised manner) and helps us plan website improvements. Optional information enables us to provide services or information tailored more specifically to your needs or to forward your message or inquiry to another entity that is better able to do so, and also allows us to plan website improvements.
We may keep access information on our systems indefinitely after the web page is transmitted, but we do not try to obtain any information to link it to the individuals who browse our web site.
However, on rare occasions, for instance when a "hacker" attempts to breach computer security, logs of access information are retained to permit a security investigation and in such cases may be forwarded together with any other relevant information in our possession to law enforcement agencies.
We use information you provide about yourself only to complete your specific request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request. Similarly, we use the information you provide about someone else when making a request only to complete that request. Again, we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request.
We generally use return e-mail addresses only to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are generally not used for any other purpose.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without a clear notice on the particular site and without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our commitment to data security
The ITCLO does not share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the ITCLO sites with any third party. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with the policies of the ITCILO. To demonstrate its commitment to information security, the Centre has obtained in 2016, and maintained since then, the ISO 27001 certification. This means that an independent certification body has confirmed that the Centre has implemented information security in compliance with international standard published by the International Standardization Organization (ISO).
All ITCILO employees who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are under the obligation to respect the confidentiality of official business matters, including personal data.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please send us an e-mail at communication@itcilo.org
View all results
Back to top
Newsletter
Get updates, stories, and practical information delivered straight to your inbox.
Sign up