http://www.snpolytechnic.com/student-life/policies
Skip to main content
Policies
You are hereHomeStudent LifePolicies
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Security Statement
Six Nations Polytechnic (SNP) is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information whether you are browsing for information or conducting business with us electronically. This Privacy & Security Statement explains the current practices employed at our web sites and is based upon the principles covered in Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA") as well as Ontario's Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act ("FIPPA").
Privacy of Personal Information
SNP does not share personal information that is provided voluntarily through web forms or other means, including standard web server log files. If you have supplied your email address, SNP may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with SNP and our products.
Web Server Log Files
SNP uses standard web server log files to collect site visitation statistics. Web server logging does collect machine-specific information such as IP address, operating system, and web browser type. Logs may also provide information about user pathways through the web site. The College collects this information in order to understand how its web site is used and to plan for future enhancements to the web site.
Cookies
The web site uses cookies. Cookies support the site visitation statistics process and support functions such as forms processing. Visitors to our web site may reject any or all of our cookies by using their web browser's preferences. Site visitors should be aware that certain features of the web site, such as forms and surveys, require the use of cookies to function properly.
Trademarks
SNP and all other names, logos, seals, or other symbols that are representative of the College are trademarks of use. Reproduction, copying, or redistribution of trademarks, without the written permission of SNP, is prohibited.
General Web Disclaimer
SNP makes web resources available to all of the community but does not review, edit, or endorse all items accessible from these pages. Personal and non-departmental web pages are not official statements of the College, and SNP is not responsible for the content of these page. We strive to ensure the accuracy of material on the web but discrepancies may existbetween printed and electronic information. In any such case please contact the site owner directly.
Opinions expressed in personal or non-departmental web pages should be construed as those of their authors, who are solely responsible for the information contained therein. If you have questions or comments about a particular page or document, please contact its site owner.
Some web pages contain links to web pages created by sources outside of the College. The existence of these links does not suggest any implicit or explicit approval of or endorsement of the linked web pages and their content by the College.
If you have any general comments, suggestions, questions, or concerns about SNP's web pages, please direct them to info@snpolytechnic.com
Although SNP does not routinely screen or monitor content posted by users to the web site, the College reserves the right to remove content which violates the terms of this statement or other relevant policies, but is under no obligation to do so.
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to www.snpolytechnic.com. The Six Nations Polytechnic (SNP) site ("site") includes all digital properties operated by faculty and staff on behalf of SNP.
These Terms of Use apply to all visitors to and users of the site, including any mobile version. By accessing or using the site, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. You also agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, if you post snpolytechnic.com links on your site.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of the service or the site after any such changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to regularly check this page to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
Privacy
We care about the privacy of our users. SNP has established a Privacy Policy to govern how user information is collected and used. By registering, accessing or using the site, you are signifying your acknowledgement and agreement with SNP's Privacy Policy. See the snpolytechnic.com footer to view the Privacy Policy.
Disclaimers
SNP strives to ensure that information on its website is accurate and current. However, the information is subject to change from time to time, without notice, as deemed appropriate by the college. The site and the content are provided on an "as is, as available" basis, and you use the site at your own risk. We do not guarantee that the content provided will be sufficient or appropriate for every individual or situation or will guarantee any specific result. SNP cannot accept any liability for the consequences of inaccurate or incomplete information on the site. If visitors to the site are in doubt on any details they should contact the college.
The site may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. We assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of user communications. We are not responsible for any technical malfunction or other problems of any communications network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, software, or email including injury or damage to user's or to any other person's computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from using or downloading materials. We do not represent or warrant that software will be free of viruses or other harmful components. Therefore, you should exercise caution in the use and downloading of any content or materials and use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses.
All messages and comments posted in forums express the views of the author and SNP will not be held responsible for the content of any message. Although we provide rules for user conduct, we do not control and are not responsible for what users may post, transmit or share on the site and are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content you may encounter on the site. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the site.
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any loss or damage, including any loss or damage to any user content or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the site, any user content or third party content posted on or through the site or transmitted to users, or any interactions between users of the site, whether online or offline.
User Conduct
The site is available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You represent, warrant and agree that no materials of any kind submitted through your account or otherwise posted, transmitted, or shared by you will violate or infringe the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or contain libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material.
In addition, and without limitation, you agree not to use the service or the site to:
Harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications
Solicit other users to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization without our prior written approval
Use the site in any unlawful manner or in any other manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the site
Upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available any videos other than those of a personal nature that: (i) are of you or your friends, family or colleagues, (ii) are taken by your friends, family or colleagues, or (iii) are original art or animation created by you or your friends, family or colleagues
Upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or Violate any municipal, provincial, federal or international law
Upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available content that, in our sole judgment, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the site, or which may expose us or our users to any harm or liability of any type.
User Content Posted on the Site
You are solely responsible for the photos, profiles (including your name, image, and likeness), forum messages and comments, notes, text, information, music, video, listings, and other content that you upload, publish or display on the site, or transmit to or share with other users. You may not post, transmit, or share user content on the site that you did not create or that you do not have permission to post.
We reserve the right to review the site and may edit, delete or remove (without notice) any content or user content in our sole discretion, at any time and for any reason or no reason, including content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy, or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of users or others.
By posting user content to any part of the site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such user content for any purpose. You waive any and all claims you may now or later have in any jurisdiction to "moral rights" or equivalent rights of authorship with respect to the user content. You may remove your user content from the site at any time. If you choose to remove your user content, the license granted above will automatically expire, however you acknowledge that we may retain archived copies of your user content.
Mobile Services
By using the mobile services, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding snpolytechnic.com and other entities by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the mobile services may be communicated to us.
Third Party Websites and Content
The site contains (or you may be sent through the sites) links to other websites ("third party sites"), as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties. Such third party content is not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any third party sites accessed through the sites or any third party content posted on, available through or installed from the sites. Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any third party sites or any third party content does not imply approval or endorsement by us.
Proprietary Rights in Site Content; Limited License
All content on the site and available through the service, including designs, text, graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement, are the property of SNP, its users or its licensors with all rights reserved. You are granted a limited license to access and use the site and the site's content and to download or print a copy of any portion of the site's content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact.
Trademarks
SNP, snpolytechnic.com, and other graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress in Canada and/or other countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission.
Termination
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to limit or terminate access to the site, delete your profile and any content or information that you have posted on the site and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the site (or any portion, aspect or feature of the site) for any reason, or no reason, at any time in our sole discretion, with or without notice.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold SNP, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in connection with any user content you post or share on or through the site, your use of the site, your conduct in connection with the site or with other users of the site, or any violation of this Agreement or of any law or the rights of any third party.
Other
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Multi-Year Institutional Plan
Click Here to Download the Multi-Year Institutional Action Plan
Six Nations Polytechnic is a centre of excellence for indigenous community-based post­secondary education. Established in 1993, Six Nations Polytechnic {SNP) is preparing to celebrate twenty years of service.
SNP learners gain knowledge, confidence, and skills to seek opportunities and participate in the labour market while acquiring Haudenosaunee culture, languages, and traditions.
The Six Nations Polytechnic vision statement demonstrates commitment to
Excellence in creating a culturally supportive learning environment;
Unconditional acceptance of learners;
Incorporating traditional knowledge and concepts embedded in Hodinohso:ni language in service delivery; and
Validating Indigenous worldviews while supporting unique gifts of the individual.
Six Nations citizens, and other Indigenous brothers and sisters, believe there is an interdependency and connectedness with all elements of the natural world. Indigenous knowledge systems, which consist of language, spirituality, and values (cultural identity), come from the land. Protecting the natural resources of our Mother, the Earth, is necessary to survival; this philosophy and belief is the foundation of Six Nations Polytechnic's governance.
Maintaining the natural resources that Mother Earth provides is a responsibility and duty that is accepted, supported, and passed on through cultural practices. This concept, the notion of sustainability as evidenced through the cultural teachings of the Hodinohso:ni of Six Nations, is paramount.
Our Philosophy and Belief - the Foundation of Six Nations Polytechnic Board Policies
Click Here to Download Board Policies
If a people do not keep pace with others perhaps it is because they hear a different drummer. Allow them to step in harmony to the music which they hear however measured or far away. Our cosmology places Native people in a balanced familial relationship with the universe and the earth. In our languages the earth is our Mother, the sun-our Eldest Brother, the moon-our Grandmother, the plants and animals-our brothers and sisters. From this view our people believe that all elements of the natural world are connected physically and spiritually and are to interrelate to each other to benefit the whole. The responsibility then falls on the people to peacefully maintain nature’s delicate balance to ensure that unborn generations can enjoy what we enjoy today. Six Nations Polytechnic accepts this responsibility and is devoted to facilitating the will and determination of our community to maintain an environmentally friendly world through education, training and research.
Six Nations Polytechnic, a native focused institution of learning, has a moral responsibility to the people to take a lead role in the preservation of our environment. Through the Hodinohso:ni`/Rotinonhshonni world view of our universe we will assist in the survival of life on this planet through research, study of alternative views, and dissemination of information.
Six Nations Polytechnic will endeavor to keep up with the beat of the 21st century and at the same time offer the understanding inherent in our language and culture. In this way the people may receive an education that assists them to keep pace with both drums.
Six Nations Polytechnic will take a lead role in bridging the chasm of understanding between the two cultures of our lives and create an atmosphere for healing our differences so that we can both look with optimism into the 21st century.
Six Nations Polytechnic has the role and responsibility, as an institution of the people of Six Nations, to offer the opportunity to be educated to ensure languages and culture survive. It also has the responsibility to provide an education that enables our people to survive in both worlds.
Six Nations Polytechnic is becoming the catalyst that offers the opportunity and place for our Native scholars and elders to share their knowledge with all our people and to offer the non- Native an opportunity to study a different worldview.
Created by Harvey Longboat Sr. 1994
Key Dates 2017-2018 (Post-Secondary Programs)*
Click Here to Download the Key Dates Policies
Term: Spring/Summer 2017
Statutory Holiday Victoria Day
22-May-17
Application for SNP Annual Celebration Graduation
31-May-17
SNP Annual Celebration/Graduation
10-Jun-17
Solidarity Day – Admin Closed/No Classes
21-Jun-17
Statutory Holiday – Canada Day
03-Jul-17
Registration Begins for Fall Programs
04-Jul-17
Statutory Holiday – Civic
07-Aug-17
Term: Fall 2017
SNP Full Time Programs Application Deadline
Aug. 15, 2017
Student Orientation – Grand River Room
Aug. 31, 2017
Instructor Teaching and Learning Plans are due
TBC
Statutory Holiday: Labour Day
Sept. 4, 2017
Instructor Orientation
TBC
Classes Start – NUP, BAOL, SNP College Programs
Sept. 5, 2017
Last Day to Register – SNP College Programs
Sept. 11, 2017
Last Day to Register – NUP, BAOL
Sept. 15, 2017
Tenth Day – College Programs (last day to withdraw with refund)
Sept. 18, 2017
Annual General Meeting and Board Elections (Student rep.)
Sept. 28, 2017
Statutory Holiday: Thanksgiving Day
Oct. 9, 2017
Mid-term Break
Oct. 23-28, 2017
Instructor Focus Group Meetings
TBC
Registration Begins for Winter Semester
Nov. 1, 2017
EXAM BAN – NUP and BAOL (no tests or exams during class)
Dec. 6-11, 2017
Last Day to Withdraw – BAOL and NUP (without receiving grades)
Nov. 17, 2017
Regular Classes End – BAOL and NUP
Dec. 11, 2017
Exams – BAOL and NUP
Dec. 12-18, 2017
Exams – College Programs (during last week of class)
Dec. 12-18, 2017
Marks Due for SNP College Programs
Dec. 20, 2017
Marks Due for BAOL and NUP
Dec. 20, 2017
Academic Review of Marks
Dec. 21, 2017
Marks Available online (Niagara College only)
Dec. 22, 2017
Six Nations Polytechnic Closed (inclusive): Winter Holiday Break
Dec. 22, 2017 - Jan 1, 2018
Term: Winter 2018
SNP Admin offices re-open
02-Jan-18
Classes Start – NUP, BAOL, and SNP College Programs
Jan. 8, 2018
Last Day to Register – SNP College Programs
Jan. 12, 2018
Last Day to Register – NUP, BAOL
Jan. 18, 2018
Tenth Day – SNP College Programs (last day to withdraw with refund)
Jan. 19, 2018
Midwinter (Longhouse) Break
TBC
Family Day – Statutory Holiday
12-Feb-18
Mid-term Break (TBC)
Mar. 12-17, 2018
Last day to withdraw (without academic penalty) - university
Mar. 19, 2018
Statutory Holiday: Good Friday
30-Mar-18
Easter Monday: offices closed but classes are running
02-Apr-18
EXAM BAN – NUP and BAOL (no tests or exams during class)
April 16 – 21, 2018
Regular Classes End – NUP and BAOL
21-Apr-18
Exams – College Programs
April 23-27, 2018
Exam week for NUP and BAOL
April 23 – 28, 2018
Winter marks due for University and College Programs
02-May-18
Academic Review
04-May-18
Final grades available online (Niagara College only)
07-May-18
SNP Convocation (PM)
June 7, 2018 (TBC)
SNP Annual Celebration
June 9, 2018 (TBC)
Solidarity Day
21-Jun-18
Spring Convocation Niagara College
TBC
Statutory Holiday: Canada Day
01-Jul-18
Term Length for College Programs
14 weeks (2 wk break)
14 weeks (2 wk break)
Term Length for University Programs
*All dates are subject to change; SNP reserves the right to modify program availability, length, campus locations or curriculum; or to adjust fees, admission requirements, policies or procedures at any time. Prompt notice will be given to all affected applicants and students. SNP cannot accept any liability for the consequences of these changes.