http://www.confcoll.ox.ac.uk/html/footer/privacy_statement.html
Privacy statement: skip to main content
Toggle navigation
The Conference of Colleges
Home
About
About the Conference and its committees
Meet the Oxford Colleges
Contact
Vacancies
CCAT
Committees (Members' Area)
Go to the Members' Area
Alphabetical list of all Conference committees
Download the Conference of Colleges Handbook
Timetable of meetings
OUSU Vice-Presidents
Weblearn
Home
Privacy statement and cookies
Privacy statement and cookies
The Conference of Colleges is committed to ensuring that the privacy of
visitors to its public website (www.confcoll.ox.ac.uk) is protected.
This statement explains what types of personal information will be gathered
when you visit the Conference of Colleges website, and how this information
will be used. Further details of cookies used by this website (www.confcoll.ox.ac.uk)
and on Weblearn (weblearn.ox.ac.uk/portal/site/:colleges:confcoll) in our
Members' Area are also provided below.
Cookies used on this site
Main Content
Information collected on the public web pages of the Conference of Colleges
website (www.confcoll.ox.ac.uk)
On some parts of the website, you may be asked to provide some limited
personal information in order to enable the provision of certain services
(e.g., contacting colleges and departments with information about an event).
The Conference of Colleges may store this information manually or electronically.
By supplying this information, you are consenting to the Conference of
Colleges holding and using it for the purposes for which it was provided.
Information provided will be kept for as long as is necessary to fulfil
that purpose.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where
available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system
administration and to report aggregate information to our webmaster.  This
is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns which
does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from
our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your
computer.
How the information collected will be used
Personal information provided to the Conference of Colleges by you will
only be used for the purposes stated when the information is requested.
Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to
direct marketing companies or other such organisations without your permission.
Personal information collected and/or processed by the Conference of Colleges
is held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be
collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of
the Conference of Colleges website. Any disclosure of this information
will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
How we store information collected
Information which you provide to the Conference of Colleges Secretariat
will ordinarily be stored on the University of Oxford's secure servers.
However, the Conference of Colleges does work with third party contractors
including Google, Inc. (Google Analytics) and Cognito LLC (Cognito Forms),
which host and operate certain features of the website. Accordingly, information
that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination
outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). That information may be processed
by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of these
contractors. By submitting personal information, you agree to this transfer,
storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to
ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy
Statement. We may disclose your personal information to third parties if
we are under a duty to disclose or share such information in order to comply
with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property or safety
of Colleges, their members, or others.
Links to websites on the .ox.ac.uk domain and other external websites
All colleges, divisions, faculties, departments, schools, centres, academic
services, libraries, museums and collections of the University run and
maintain their own websites on the ox.ac.uk domain (these will be identified
as www.name.ox.ac.uk or name.ox.ac.uk). These sites may carry their own
privacy policy or provide additional information relating to their activities.
If you follow a link to any other websites, please check their policies
before you submit any personal information to those websites.
How we use 'cookies'
Most of the pages on the Conference of Colleges website (www.confcoll.ox.ac.uk)
use "cookies". A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that the
website places on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies
allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps
us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and
also allow us to improve our website. For more detailed information on
the cookies we use on the Conference of Colleges main web pages (i.e. those
in www.confcoll.ac.uk) and the purposes for which we use them, please see
our
Cookie Statement
. Please refer to individual web pages for further information about the
use of cookies on other web pages on the ox.ac.uk domain.
Cookies on Weblearn (weblearn.ox.ac.uk/portal/site/:colleges:confcoll)
Users visiting the Members' Area of the Conference of Colleges website,
including all committee pages, may wish to note the
cookies used by Weblearn (Sakai)
.  Please note that none of these cookies persist after a Weblearn
session has ended.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you.
If you need further information or would like to make a request, please contact the Conference of Colleges Secretariat.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent by
email to confcoll@admin.ox.ac.uk or addressed to the Conference of Colleges
Secretariat, University Offices, Wellington Square, Oxford OX1 2JD.
Changes to our privacy statement
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Statement in the future will be
posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.