http://www.etbu.edu/about-etbu/title-ixsexual-and-interpersonal-misconduct-sim-policy
Skip to main content
About ETBU
A to Z Index
At a Glance
Campus Offices
Employment Opportunities
Faculty and Staff
FAQs
Give
History
Human Resources
President J. Blair Blackburn
Expectations of ETBU Students and University Community Code of Conduct
Title IX/Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct (SIM) Policy
Consent Highlights
Emergency Resources Highlights
Interim/Supportive Measures & Resolution Options Highlights
Prohibited Conduct
Reporting & Confidentiality Highlights
Title IX/Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct Policy (SIM) Policy Training Resources
Title IX/SIM Report
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Breadcrumb
About ETBU
Title IX/Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct (SIM) Policy
Full Title IX/SIM Policy
Make a Title IX/SIM Report
Policy Overview
East Texas Baptist University is committed to providing a safe and non-discriminatory learning, living, and working environment for all members of the University community.
East Texas Baptist University does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of sex in any of its education or employment programs and activities, and it does not tolerate unlawful discrimination or harassment on the basis of sex. This Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct (SIM) policy prohibits: 1) sexual harassment as defined by Title IX (Title IX Sexual Harassment); and 2) certain other forms of sexual and interpersonal misconduct not covered by Title IX (e.g., certain types of sexual and gender-based harassment, sexual assault, sexual exploitation, stalking, intimate partner violence, retaliation, and complicity (Non-Title IX Misconduct), collectively referred to in the SIM policy as Prohibited Conduct. These forms of Prohibited Conduct are harmful to the well-being of our community and its members, the learning and working environment, and collegial relationships among our students, faculty, and staff.
The University will comply with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (Title IX), which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in the University's programs and activities; and Title IX regulations issued in May 2020; the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act), as amended by the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (VAWA); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; Chapter 21 of the Texas Labor Code; Chapter 40, Section 819 of the Texas Administrative Code; pertinent provisions of the Texas Education Code, and other applicable law.
This policy sets forth the procedures that will be used to investigate and respond to reports of Prohibited Conduct. The University will respond to reports about Prohibited Conduct with measures designed to eliminate the conduct, prevent its recurrence, and remedy any adverse effects of the conduct on individuals, members of the campus community, or University-related programs or activities. In addition, the University may implement supportive measures that are designed to restore or preserve equal access to University programs and activities and protect individual and campus safety.
While East Texas Baptist University encourages students to abide by the University’s Sexuality and Gender Statement, the University recognizes that each student will make independent decisions about their own conduct. The University expects students to reflect Christ-like character, conducting themselves in a manner consistent with biblical principles.
Scope
This policy governs the conduct of East Texas Baptist University students, regardless of enrollment status, faculty, staff, and third parties (i.e., non-members of the University community, such as vendors, alumni/ae, and visitors).
Third parties are both protected by and subject to certain provisions of this policy for allegations constituting Title IX Sexual Harassment. In such cases, a third party may report potential policy violations committed by a member of the University community, and the University will take appropriate steps to investigate and respond to the conduct consistent with the authority granted by the University's jurisdiction, if any, over the respondent. A third party who is accused of violating the SIM policy may be permanently barred from areas and/or activities controlled by the University or be subject to other restrictions for failing to comply with this policy, and may not be granted the full rights and processes afforded to the East Texas Baptist community members through the provisions of this policy.
Various procedures provided in this policy may be used to address Prohibited Conduct that occurs:
on campus or University property;
in the context of any University-related or sponsored education program or activity, regardless of the location (including travel, research, or internship programs);
by an ETBU student, regardless of location, under the Student Conduct Code;
by an ETBU employee, regardless of location;
through the use of University-owned or provided technology resources; or
when the conduct has a nexus to the University, such as continuing adverse effects or the creation or continuation of a hostile environment on campus.
Title IX Personnel Contact Information
Title IX Coordinator
Mrs. Tara Bachtel
Associate Vice President for Financial Affairs
Director of Human Resources
903.923.2119 | tbachtel@etbu.edu
Third floor, Marshall HallTitle IX/SIM Team
Dr. Scott Bryant
Vice President for Advancement
903.923.2069 | sbryant@etbu.edu
Fourth floor, Marshall Hall
Dr. Donovan Fredricksen
Director of Academic Success
903.923.2078 | dfredricksen@etbu.edu
301B Marshall HallDr. Jennifer Hoover
Assistant Professor
903.923.2087 | jhoover@etbu.eduThird floor, Scarborough Hall
Mr. Jeremy JohnstonVice President for Enrollment903.923.2010 |  jjohnston@etbu.eduSecond floor, Marshall Hall
Mrs. Vanessa JohnstonStudent Success Specialist903.923.2375 | vjohnston@etbu.edu301A Marshall Hall
Mr. Larry NorthcuttAssociate Athletic Director of Compliance Accountability,
Director of Security903.923.2117 |  lnorthcutt@etbu.edu106 Marshall Hall
Dr. Emily PrevostAssociate Provost,
Associate Professor
903.923.2074 | eprevost@etbu.edu
405 Marshall Hall
Main navigation
About ETBU
Academics
Admissions
Life on the Hill
Athletics
ETBU Now
Info For
Title IX/SIM
ETBU Health Services
Request Info
Visit ETBU
Apply Now
Give