http://www.oupress.com/privacy-policy#terms
University of Oklahoma Press Code of Conduct
The University of Oklahoma Press is committed to creating a culture that supports the publishing excellence that is vital to our mission. To that end, the Press actively sustains a positive environment in which its staff, authors, reviewers, student interns, media, vendors, and other partners may participate in the business of peer-reviewed publishing in an exemplary professional manner. This environment is defined by constructive relationships, open communication, mutual respect, and equity and inclusion. As such, the Press will not tolerate discrimination or harassment as outlined in the University of Oklahoma’s Non-Discrimination Policy, as well as illegal, dishonest, or unethical professional conduct.
In affirming this Code of Conduct, we commit to a positive, professional, sensitive, and supportive environment, free of abuse, discrimination, and harassment of others. We commit to hold challenging discussions of differences in a professional, nonconfrontational manner and with respect to a diversity of viewpoints. We expect our staff, authors, and all of our collaborators to conduct themselves in a professional and courteous manner in all facets of their professional lives. When such expectations are not met, the Press will take appropriate action, including the termination of partnerships that we believe violate or threaten our ability to achieve a positive culture of collaboration and responsibility.
If you believe that the Code of Conduct has been violated, please contact the Director of the Press at (405) 325-3207 or the Human Resources Office at (405) 325-1826
Privacy Policy
OU Press is concerned about the collection of any personal information of any person under the age of 18 and does not knowingly engage in such collection. OU Press does not sell the purchase information provided by customers. Such information shall be kept confidential to the extent permitted by law. Please note that OU Press provides alternate means of purchasing our products if you do not want to submit information over the Internet.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the OU Press website. The following Terms are the rules governing the use of this site. By using this site, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and all applicable laws that regulate this site. Please check this page periodically as OU Press reserves the right to change these Terms at any time, effective immediately upon posting such changes on the site. Changes will be identified by a footnote on this Terms of Use page. The footnote will remain posted for thirty calendar days subsequent to any change. Should you violate any of OU Press's Terms or any applicable law, OU Press reserves the right to terminate your use of this site, bar you from future use and cancel any purchases made via the site. OU Press also reserves the right to take any appropriate legal action against you for such violations.
Prohibited content
The following is a partial list of the kind of postings or content that is prohibited on this site. This list is not exhaustive, but is meant to provide a guideline for acceptable use. Prohibited content includes that which is:
patently offensive to a reasonable person, including that which promotes bigotry, racism, hatred,
or any violence or physical harm to any one or group of people or could be harmful to minors
involves or facilitates spamming
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images not linked to or from 
another accessible page
pornographic or sexually explicit material, including material that exploits minors (persons under the 
age of 18) in a sexual or violent way
solicits information from any minor
enables or provides instruction as to illegal activities
solicits personally identifiable information or passwords for commercial or unlawful purposes
engages in commercial activities without the express permission to do so
limitations on liability
The validity and effect of any agreement or purchase made via this site shall be governed, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma, United States of America, without regard or giving force and effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of Oklahoma or any other state, to which jurisdiction and venue you expressly agree to. Any action to interpret or enforce this agreement shall be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction.
indemnity
You agree to hold the Board of Regents for the University of Oklahoma, OU Press, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees and other agents harmless for any loss, liability, claim, or demand made by any third party arising from your use of this site.
Free shipping for online orders
Eligible orders ares shipped via USPS Media Mail. Offer only available on shipments within the Continental U.S. Quantities are limited. All sales are final. Prices and availability subject to change without notice.
Equal Opportunity Employer
The University of Oklahoma is an equal opportunity institution.
www.ou.edu/eoo
Copyright
Copyright © 2018 University of Oklahoma Press. all rights reserved.
E-Mail Customer Service
University of Oklahoma Press
is distributed through Longleaf Services, Inc.
Orders and Inquiries
Inside the U.S.
800-848-6224 ext. 1
Fax: 800-272-6817 (24 hours)
International
919-966-7449
Fax: 919-962-2704 (24 hours)
Call center hours 8:30AM-5:00PM EST
Order by Mail
To Submit your order by mail,
complete order form and mail to:
University of Oklahoma Press c/o
Longleaf Services, Inc.
116 South Boundary Street
Chapel Hill, NC 27514-3808
Orders from individuals must be prepaid in U.S. funds. Please make checks payable to Longleaf Services, Inc.
All other inquiries
All other queries should be sent to
University of Oklahoma Press
2800 Venture Drive
Norman, OK 73069
405-325-2000
Fax: 405-364-5798