https://www.somerset.qld.edu.au/ancillary/privacy-policy/
You are Here
Ancillary
Privacy Policy
Ancillary
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
College Information Collection – Privacy Notice
The College collects personal information, including sensitive information about students and parents of guardians before and during the course of a student’s enrolment at the College.
The primary purpose of collecting this information is to enable the College to provide schooling for your son/daughter.
Some of the information we collect is to satisfy the College's legal obligations, particularly to enable the College to discharge its duty of care. If we do not obtain the information referred to above we may not be able to enrol or continue the enrolment of your son/daughter.
Certain laws governing or relating to the operation of schools require that certain information is collected.
These include relevant Education Acts, Public Health and Child Protection laws.
Health information about students is sensitive information within the terms of the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act.
We may ask you to provide medical reports about students from time to time.
The College from time to time discloses personal and sensitive information to others for administrative and educational purposes.
This includes to other schools, government departments, medical practitioners, and people providing services to the College, including specialist visiting teachers, counsellors, sports coaches and volunteers.
Personal information collected from students is regularly disclosed to their parents or guardians. On occasions, information such as academic and sporting achievements, student activities and other news items and photographs are published in College newsletters, magazines and other publications, and on our website.
The College may store personal information in the 'cloud' which may mean that it resides on servers which are situated outside Australia.
The College's Privacy Policy sets out how parents or students may seek access to personal information collected about them. Students may also seek access to personal information about them.
However, there will be occasions when access will be denied.
Such occasions would include where access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others, where access may result in a breach of the College's duty of care to the student, or where students have provided information in confidence.
The College’s Privacy Policy also sets out how you may complain about a breach of privacy and how the College will deal with such a complaint.
As you may know, the College from time to time engages in fundraising activities.
Information received from you may be used to make an appeal to you.
It may also be disclosed to organisations that assist in the College's fundraising activities solely for that purpose.
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
On occasions information such as academic and sporting achievements, student activities and similar news is published in College newsletters and magazines and on our website.
Photographs of student activities such as sporting events, school camps and school excursions may be taken for publication in College newsletters and magazines and on our website. If you do not agree to the publication of such details you must advise us now.
We may include students’ and students' parents' contact details in a class list and College directory. If you do not agree to the publication of such details you must advise us now.
If you provide the College with the personal information of others, such as doctors or emergency contacts, we encourage you to inform them that you are disclosing that information to the College and why, that they can access that information if they wish and that the College does not usually disclose the information to third parties.
Resources
Somerset College Privacy Policy [PDF]