https://www.oceanstaroec.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Oilfield Energy Center‘s Privacy Statement  Overview Thank you for visiting the Oilfield Energy Center (“OEC”)’s website and reviewing our Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement applies to all online sections of the Oilfield Energy Center, Ocean Star Museum and related entities herein (collectively “Websites”), with the exception of the OEC’s revenue generating and charitable activities which are specifically addressed below in the Oilfield Energy Center Privacy Statement for Charitable and Revenue Generating Activities.The OEC does not collect personal information about visitors to our website unless a visitor chooses to provide that information to us as follows: Collection of Personal Information Voluntarily Given by You  By electing to receive emails, complete membership forms, register for classes, events, or programs, or ordering merchandise, a visitor is knowingly and voluntarily providing personal information to the OEC, and authorizing the OEC to contact such visitor regarding their inquiry, request or order. The OEC may also send information about related activities, programs, development/education opportunities, products and special events that may interest the visitor. The OEC will use any voluntarily given information to respond to a visitor’s messages and requests.  The OEC collects non-personal information about visitors to our website automatically from a few different sources as follows: Non-Personal Information Collected and Stored Automatically The OEC uses online analytics tools such as Google Analytics, WebTrends, etc., to collect and track non-personal information about a visitor’s visit to the Websites so that the OEC can monitor usage and make improvements. These tools may store a visitor’s IP address from which the visitor accesses the OEC’s Website. The OEC also collects anonymous data elements in aggregate form that cannot be tied to an individual: The name of the domain from which a visitor accesses the Internet (for example, gmail.com, if connecting from a Google Online account)The type of device, browser, and operating system used to access the Websites The date and time a visitor accesses our Websites The length of the visit Demographic data The location from which you access our site (approximate country, state, city and postal code based on Google Analytics data)The pages, files, documents, and links that you visit and engage with The domain of the website which referred you to the Websites (i.e., the last website you visited that directed you to the Websites) Additionally, to better understand our visitors and supporters, we may ask that they share additional information about themselves or their experiences (such as one’s city, state, or age). Each visitor’s participation in sharing such information is voluntary and, unless specifically stated otherwise in the request, the information provided will not be connected with the visitor’s personally identifiable information.   Cookies, Web Beacons, and Pixels Cookies In addition to information collected automatically, we use cookies to support the internal functionality of the Websites. Cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to one’s browser by a website that is visited, are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the Website. When a visitor registers on the Websites, cookies also allow us to save information so that the visitor will not have to re-enter it the next time they visit. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Some OEC Websites use third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to place cookies and analyze the information collected by cookies in order to make the OEC Websites more interesting and useful to visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected. Information that is collected from cookies will not be used to create profiles of individual users and only will be used in aggregate form. The data is retained for as long as necessary to support the mission of the OEC Websites. One may set his or her browser to refuse cookies from any website that they visit. If chosen, a visitor may still gain access to most of the OEC’s Websites but may not be able to conduct certain types of transactions (such as shopping) or take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered. A visitor may opt-out of Google Analytics using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Additionally, some OEC Websites may use the Demographics and Interest reporting feature for Google Analytics for Display Advertising. The data provided by this service (such as age, gender, and interests) is used to better understand visitors to these Websites and customize our Websites to our users’ interest. A visitor may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising by visiting Ad Settings.  Web Beacons and Pixels The OEC also collects non-personally identifiable information through the use of tracking pixels that appear on our pages. A tracking pixel is a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and, in combination with a cookie, allows us to collect information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. We use tracking pixels to trigger ads on participating websites based on activity tracked from the browser on a device used to visit OEC Websites. We also use them to tell when an advertisement we run on another website has been clicked on by OEC Website visitors and use that information to judge which advertisements are more appealing to users.  To opt out of these tracking pixels and services, please follow this link to opt out of the Google Analytics-based tools (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/), the Facebook Pixel (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads), and the Bing Pixel (https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out).  Information Collected Through Social Media When a visitor accesses or interacts with the OEC via social media sites, such as Facebook, Instagram or TripAdvisor, the OEC may have access to such visitor’s profile name, photo and other information that has been made public through those various social media sites. The OEC does not own or operate any portion of these social media sites, and their services are governed by their own privacy policies.   Disclosure of Personal Information Except as described below, we will not share a visitor’s personal information outside the OEC unless he or she affirmatively authorizes us to do so or if required to do so pursuant to the remainder of this paragraph. The OEC may provide a visitor’s personal information to: (1) a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency if the OEC becomes aware of a violation or potential violation of law or regulation; (2) a court or party in a court or Federal administrative proceeding if the OEC is a party or in order to comply with a subpoena; (3) the Department of Justice or in certain legal proceedings when the OEC, an employee of the OEC, or the United States is a party to litigation or has an interest in the litigation and the use of such records is deemed relevant and necessary to the litigation; (4) OEC officials, including the Inspector General, as needed to perform official duties; (5) a Committee of Congress in response to a formal request; (6) protect the security or integrity of the OEC Websites and services; and (7) any other person or entity as required by law.  Visitors’ Ability to Opt-Out When the OEC sends any information to a visitor, he or she will always have the ability to decline further communication. A visitor may also update, review, correct, or remove any of the personal information he or she has given to us by sending an email to the appropriate party. If one is uncertain about whom to contact, consult our Contact Us page to help determine where to send the inquiry.  Our Data Retention Policy We will retain visitors’ information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. Remember that even after one cancels his or her account, or if we are asked to delete personal information, copies of some information from an account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, the information was shared with social media or other services. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of one’s information due to technical constraints or, contractual, financial or legal requirements.  Children and Privacy The OEC’s Websites are intended to be accessible and enjoyed by audiences of all ages. We do not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes their child’s personally identifiable information was inadvertently collected, please contact OEC@oceanstaroec.com.   Linking Within the OEC’s Websites are embedded applications, plug-ins, widgets, and other content links to non-OEC websites. These sites operate independently of the OEC and have their own privacy policies. The OEC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-OEC websites, and such link is not intended to be an endorsement of the non-OEC website or its content. For the protection of our visitors and supporters, we recommend they review the privacy policy of the site that was linked to our website.
OEC Privacy Statement for Charitable and Revenue Generating Activities
This portion of the Privacy Statement describes why and how the OEC collects, stores, uses and shares personal data collected in connection with the OEC Gift Shop, membership, publishing, and fundraising activities. We collect such data in various ways, including data provided to us by visitors, data we collect by automated means, and data we collect from other sources.
Why We Ask for Personal Information
We ask visitors to provide information about themselves in order to purchase an item from the Gift Shop, join our membership program, make a monetary donation, register for an email publication, or to participate in a fundraising event.
How We Use and Disclose Personal Information
The OEC may use and disclose information collected for various business and fundraising purposes, including but not limited to:
To process, track, and manage products and/or services that are requested by visitors
To manage visitors’ accounts or deliver services they request
To respond to visitors’ inquiries or comments
To allow social media sharing
To perform internal analysis in order to improve business practices
To protect the legal rights and obligations of the business and others
Please note that if a visitor purchases an OEC product or service, he or she may receive third-party transactional communications. The OEC uses outside vendors to provide certain services, such as companies that process credit card transactions for the OEC. These third-party vendors will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but may not use your information for any other purpose and have their own privacy policies.
Security
The OEC takes reasonable steps to design and manage our Websites’ technology to ensure that the information technology systems, applications, and information technology infrastructure are secure. When you use one’s credit card for any purchase or donation on an OEC Website, that transaction is encrypted using “Transport Layer Security (TLS)” encryption to protect the credit card information when traveling over the Internet. Further, we require credit card processing be secured based on compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards.
Contact Us
Questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Statement may be sent to Oilfield Energy Center, 5555 San Felipe St, Suite 2119, Houston, TX 77056 or by email. Please help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them to the appropriate OEC office by consulting our Contact Us page.
Scroll to top