http://www.miaclab.org/privacy-policy
join our mailing list
find us on facebook
About UsMission and Vision
Latest News
History
Video Introduction
Contact Us
Plan Your VisitUpcoming Events
Hours and Admission
Join MNMF
Museum Shop and Cafe
Directions
Tours
Events & ExhibitionsUpcoming Events
Current Exhibitions
2020 Native Treasures Living Treasure
Past Exhibitions
Upcoming Exhibitions
Online Exhibitions
Programs & EducationSummer Native Youth Programs
Wonder on Wheels Curriculum
Adult Programs
School Programs
Education Resources
Guided Tours
Outreach
Online Resources
Research & CollectionsObject Collections
Archaeological Pottery Project
Archaeology Collections
Center for NM Archaeology
Library
Archives
Policies & Procedures
Native CommunitiesNorthern Pueblos
Southern Pueblos
Navajo & Apache Communities
Indian Advisory Panel
Dance Calendar
"Creating Tradition" at Epcot Center
Tribal Libraries Program 2019 - Space
Earth Day Resources
Indigenous Digital Archive
Venue Rental
Support the MuseumGive a Donation
Volunteer Opportunities
Membership
Friends of Indian Art
ShopWest Elm Collaboration
Shop the Museum Store
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Web Site PoliciesTerms and Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
|
More
Museum of Indian Arts and Culture Privacy Policy
The Museum of Indian Arts and Culture is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to its web sites.
As an affiliated web site of the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA), we are governed
by the DCA Privacy Policy for ensuring the privacy of all personally identifiable information.
This policy ensures that DCA does not collect any personal information about individuals that
is not voluntarily submitted by the user. In addition, it ensures that any personal information
collected will not be shared intentionally with any third party without having received your prior
permission.
For any services or communications which are administered directly by the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture,
such as subscriptions to an email newsletter or direct email contact with us, the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture
will never obtain email addresses from a third party for our subscriber list nor will
we collect or share email addresses we obtain through our Web site or any other method (such as
registration or membership forms) of obtaining personal information.
USE OF COOKIES
A cookie is a small file a Web site puts on your computer's hard drive so that the site can
remember your preferences or which pages you visited on that site.
As you explore this Web site, it is possible that a session cookie will be set on your computer.
A session cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit.
This cookie does not remember any information about you or your computer, it just tells us how
long visitors spend on our sites and which pages receive the most traffic. A session cookie only
remembers information about your current visit to the site. the Museum of Indian Arts and Culture uses the
information to improve our visitors' experiences on the site. No personal information is ever stored
in or obtained from the cookies used on this site.
Please consult the Department of Cultural Affairs Privacy Policy
for additional information.
Last modified: January 31 2008 12:34:17.
About Us
Plan Your Visit
Events & Exhibitions
Programs & Education
Research & Collections
Native Communities
Venue Rental
Support the Museum
Shop
Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
© 2002 - 2020 The Museum of Indian Arts & Culture is a division of the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs.
710 Camino Lejo off Old Santa Fe Trail
Santa Fe, NM 87505
505/476-1269 | Email