https://www.cmc.edu/about/privacy-and-terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Web Site Privacy and Terms of Use
1. Privacy of Personal Information
Claremont McKenna College does not share personal information that is provided voluntarily through web forms or other means, including standard web server log files.
2. Web Server Log Files
Claremont McKenna College uses standard web server log files to collect site visitation statistics. Web server logging does collect machine-specific information such as IP address, operating system, and web browser type. Logs may also provide information about user pathways through the web site. The College collects this information in order to understand how its web site is used and to plan for future enhancements to the web site.
3. Cookies
The Claremont McKenna College web site uses cookies. Cookies support the site visitation statistics process and support functions such as forms processing. Visitors to our web site may reject any or all of our cookies by using their web browser's preferences. Site visitors should be aware that certain features of the Claremont McKenna College web site, such as forms and surveys, require the use of cookies to function properly.
4. Copyright Inquiries
See our statement on copyright inquiries.
5. Claremont McKenna College Trademarks
Claremont McKenna College, CMC, Leaders in the Making, and all other names, logos, seals, or other symbols that are representative of the College are trademarks of Claremont McKenna College. Use, reproduction, copying, or redistribution of trademarks, without the written permission of Claremont McKenna College, is prohibited.
6. General Web Disclaimer
Claremont McKenna College makes web resources available to all of the Claremont McKenna College community but does not review, edit, or endorse all items accessible from these pages.
Personal and non-departmental web pages are not official statements of the College, and Claremont McKenna College is not responsible for the content of every page. While College departments strive to ensure the accuracy of their material on the web, discrepancies may exist between printed and electronic information. In any such case please contact the originating department directly.
Opinions expressed in personal or non-departmental web pages should be construed as those of their authors, who are solely responsible for the information contained therein. If you have questions or comments about a particular page or document, please contact its author directly.
Some Claremont McKenna College web pages contain links to web pages created by sources outside of the College. The existence of these links does not suggest any implicit or explicit approval of or endorsement of the linked web pages and their content by the College.
The Web Team is responsible for the design and maintenance of the Claremont McKenna College home page. It is not responsible for the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of information provided by other departments or individuals. If you have any general comments, suggestions, questions, or concerns about Claremont McKenna College's web pages, please direct them to the Web Team (webteam@claremontmckenna.edu).
Although Claremont McKenna College does not routinely screen or monitor content posted by users to the web site, the College reserves the right to remove content which violates the terms of this statement or other relevant policies, but is under no obligation to do so. For additional relevant policies, please see the Policies and Procedures page in the Claremont McKenna College Information Systems and Technology web site.
About
About CMC
Mission and Motto
Fact Sheet
History
Campus Map
Campus Directory
President’s OfficePresident’s Biography
Multimedia
Presidents
Board of Trustees
President’s Executive Cabinet
President’s Staff
Senior Advisory Council
The CMC Strategy Report 2019
Board of Trustees
Freedom of Expression
Ethics and Compliance
Diversity and Inclusion
Campus Master Plan
Office of Stewardship
Donald McKenna Biography
The Claremont Colleges
Claremont, CA 91711909.621.8000
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Flickr
WEBSITE ACCESSIBILITY | ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE | PRIVACY
Copyright © 2020 Claremont McKenna College
List of Claremont Colleges
A member of the Claremont Colleges
Claremont Graduate University
Claremont McKenna College
Harvey Mudd College
Keck Graduate Institute
Pitzer College
Pomona College
Scripps College