http://www.markfarrah.com/privacy-policy/
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy.  This policy explains what kind of information we may collect from you, how we may use it, and your choices about how we use the information and how you may review the information.
This privacy statement relates solely to the online information collection and use practices of our site located at www.markfarrah.com. We recognize that many visitors and users of this site may want to know how we use and manage personal information provided to us. This Privacy Statement, which may be updated from time to time, describes our policies.
Mark Farrah Associates (MFA) collects personally identifiable information from users of this site and we are the sole owner of the information collected.
Your use of this web site signifies your understanding and acceptance of our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Statement. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact: info@markfarrah.com.
What Information About You Do We Collect?
When you visit our web site, you may provide us with two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you knowingly choose to disclose, which is collected on an individual basis, and (2) general user information that does not contain personally identifiable information, which is collected on an aggregate basis as you browse the site.
Personally Identifiable Information You Choose to Provide
We may request personal information from you before giving you access to content and/or services you request. For example, if you indicate an interest in receiving email alerts about Healthcare Business Strategy reports, you are asked to submit your name, contact information and e-mail address, which we retain on file, so that we may send you alerts and updates as requested.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Cookies/ Web server logs: Similar to other commercial web sites, our site utilizes standard technology called "cookies" and web server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's browser on the user's hard drive. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, pages viewed, time spent on our site, and sites visited before and after our site.  This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
We use information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Information Disclosure
We do not share personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable aggregate information about our user base with third parties or advertisers. We do not sell, rent or otherwise distribute user information with other entities or organizations.
Security
We strive to keep your information in a secure manner and safeguard it from unauthorized access. Despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, you provide us with Your Information at your own risk.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law only if disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Mark Farrah Associates
PO Box 997
McMurray, PA 15317
Tel: (724) 338-4100
www.markfarrah.com
Request Information
Thank you for your interest.
Please send us your email and we will contact youwithin 1-2 business days.
Send
×
Close
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting us!
Our group will review and follow up within 72 hours.
Thanks for your interest!
Back Home