https://www.ferrari.com/en-US/legal
FerrariAutoRacingStoreUniverseCorporateFerrariAuto812 Superfast812 GTSSF90 StradaleSF90 SpiderF8 TributoF8 SpiderFerrari 488 PistaFerrari 488 Pista SpiderFerrari RomaFerrari Portofino MFerrari Monza SP1Ferrari Monza SP2Takata RecallLine UpMyFerrariMyFerrari AppSign InRegisterOwners ClubConfiguratorGT RacingPast ModelsPersonalisationFerrari Tailor MadeFerrari GenuineServicesOfficine ClassichePre-OwnedDealerRacingFormula 1HomeSF1000TeamnewsRacesPartnersHospitalityMedia GalleriesHistoryMemorabilia triviaFerrari Driver AcademyHomeMissionDriversMedia GalleriesNewsFerrari EsportsHomeFerrari Esports FDA TeamFerrari Hublot Esports SeriesCompetizioni GTHomeNewsGT SeriesDriversCarsClub Competizioni GTMedia GalleriesPartnersCorse ClientiHomeNewsCalendarFerrari ChallengeXX ProgrammesF1 ClientiFerrari Challenge driversCorso PilotaCarsMedia GalleryLive StreamingPressPartnersStoreUniverseNewsThe Official Ferrari MagazineFerrari MuseumsHomeFerrari Maranello MuseumEnzo Ferrari Modena MuseumFactory TourPersonalised ExperiencesExclusive EventsTickets and infoHistoryFerrari Simulation CenterFerrari World Abu DhabiFerrari Land BarcelonaCorporateTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE SITE, AND CODE OF CONDUCTCODE OF CONDUCT FOR REGISTERED USERSFerrari S.p.A. Privacy PolicyTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE SITE, AND CODE OF CONDUCT01DefinitionsFerrari CommunityThe online club for Ferrari fans, accessible to Registered Users via the SiteCode of ConductThe rules to which registered Users are subjectTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEThe terms and conditions that apply to the contract for use of the Site, published on the Site under the section “Terms and Conditions of Use” from time to time.ConsumerAn individual acting for purposes unrelated to any business, commercial, artisanal or professional activity.ContentThe text, software, graphics, brands, logos, domain names, photographs, soundtracks, musical content, video, audiovisual content, functions, technical documents, manuals and any other materials that can be viewed and accessed through the Site.ContractThe contract made between a User or Consumer and Ferrari for access to the Site and use of the Content.FerrariFerrari S.p.A., headquartered at Via Emilia Est 1163 - 41122  Modena and its subsidiaries.MaterialsThe text, graphics, photos, soundtracks, musical, video and audiovisual content and any other material uploaded by the User onto the Site using the procedures required by  Ferrari.Party/PartiesEach party to the contract, i.e. the User and Ferrari, and both of them.Registered UserThe User who registers to any of the pages of the Site by providing his/her personal data and obtaining a user-is and password, or providing a email address in order to access Content reserved to Registered Users.ServiceUse of the Site, access to the Content and functions.SiteThe website www.ferrari.com including its sub-sites related directly to Ferrari and/or connected to Ferrari domain names (e.g. “formula1.ferrari.com”).UserAnyone accessing the Site to browse it or use the content.  02IntroductionThe official website of Ferrari S.p.A., www.ferrari.com, is an online information and entertainment portal that provides updates on the main Ferrari events. The Site and its sub-sites also offer an overview of Ferrari’s main promotional and commercial activities, products and services, and modes of access.The Service comprises the provision of access to the Site and its content to registered and unregistered users, for entertainment and information purposes. 03Terms and Conditions of the ServiceThe terms and conditions of the Service consist of: (a) Terms and Conditions of Use of the Site www.ferrari.com which also apply to all the sub-sites accessible through the Site and/or connected to Ferrari domain names (e.g. “formula1.ferrari.com”), (b) Code of Conduct for Registered Users.The Terms and Conditions of Use apply to all Users and the Code of Conduct applies to Registered Users.Users are asked to read the Terms and Conditions of Use and the Code of Conduct carefully.Certain services may be age-restricted.Access to the Service is reserved to Users such as consumers, who visit the site for personal reasons and not for reasons related to their business, trade or profession.Access to the Site (www.ferrari.com and its sub-sites) and any action that involves browsing its pages implies the User’s full acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use in force at the time of access, as published on the Site. Access to any reserved part of the Site also implies full acceptance of the Code of Conduct in force at the time of access, in the version published on the Site.If the User does not accept the Terms and Conditions of Use and/or the Code of Conduct, he or she should stop browsing the site and using the Service.The User may be asked to expressly accept the Terms and Conditions of Use and/or the Code of Conduct: in such a case, access to all or part of the Service will be subject to acceptance by the User.04Updating of Terms and Conditions of Use and Code of ConductThe Service is subject to regular updates, therefore Ferrari may update the Terms and Conditions of Use and the Code of Conduct at any time, without the Users being given prior notice.Users are asked to view the Terms and Conditions of Use and the Code of Conduct, accessible through the link “Legal”, from time to time, before accessing the Site Content or interacting with the Ferrari Community.05Terms and conditions of specific servicesOffers regarding specific goods and services may be subject to specific terms and conditions, which will be published on the Site.In such a case the specific terms and conditions will prevail over the Terms and Conditions of Use, where there is a conflict.06User Account Registered Users will be required to provide personal information. The information provided at the time of registration must be up to date, accurate and truthful, and Registered Users are therefore required to update them promptly if changes are made.Registered Users must also treat their account credentials as confidential, and must immediately notify Ferrari of any breach of security or unauthorized use of their accounts.The Registered User is aware and accepts that he or she will be solely responsible for any activity on the Account in his or her name, both towards Ferrari and towards any third parties.07Restrictions on use of the Service Use of the Service is subject to the following limitations, which the User hereby accepts.Failure to comply with the following restrictions constitutes a violation of the Terms of Use and will give Ferrari the right to terminate the Contract unilaterally.The User may not copy, reproduce, publish, upload, transcribe, transmit or distribute the Site Content at any time or in any form, without the prior written authorization of Ferrari, except for those activities expressly permitted to Users who may print, download and view part of the Site Content purely for personal non-commercial reasons, on condition that the materials are not altered in any way and that all the information concerning intellectual or industrial property rights is preserved.Users are prohibited from circulating any part of the Site Content through channels such as the internet, television, radio or other systems, without the prior written authorization of Ferrari.Users may not modify the Site or the Content.Users may not violate or attempt to violate or evade the protection and security systems used on the Site.Users may not utilize the Site or the Content for commercial reasons. In particular, no advertisement, publicity, sponsorship, promotion or similar item may be added by Users to any page on the Site in the form of announcements, photos or film clips. Users may not encourage other Users to enter into business transactions. The sale of Content is prohibited.The User may not utilize the Content for commercial purposes in order to set up databases of any kind or to archive all or part of the Content in existing databases, whether private or made accessible to third parties. In particular, Users may not gather the personal details of other Users of the Site or the Services.08Rights All Content on the Site is protected by copyright and industrial property laws.Any unauthorized removal or re-use of material on the Site is prohibited, in the same way as any other activity that could harm the legitimate interests of the authors or owners of the copyrighted works.The Site and its Content can only be used for personal, educational or instructional purposes, with the exclusion of any direct or indirect commercial purpose. The details of the owner of the intellectual property rights must always be mentioned and left intact, and the Content may not be modified in any way.Site Content may include but is not limited to:The text, software, graphics, trademarks, logos, domain names, photos, sound, musical, video and audiovisual content, the functions, technical documents, manuals and any other material that can be viewed or accessed through the Site including databases, graphics, tables, slogans, animations, drawings, and any other graphic or textual element.No part of the Site Content may be copied and/or reproduced without the express authorization of Ferrari.The trademarks, domain names, trade names, company names and signs on the Site are the sole property of Ferrari, and are registered and protected by laws and regulations on distinctive marks. They may not be reproduced in any form without the express authorization of Ferrari, and the "FERRARI" mark may not be registered on any top level domain.The pages of the Site may also contain marks, domain names, company names and signs owned by third parties with whom Ferrari has dealings, who enjoy the same level of legal protection as that of the distinctive marks of Ferrari.The use of distinctive marks such as metatags and html commands is strictly prohibited, as although they do not allow the display or formatting of a certain command, they provide instructions to online agents or search engines to boost the search results of sites other than those linked to Ferrari.09Materials uploaded by the User Users may be allowed to upload Materials (text, photos, film clips, content, text from blogs or forums etc.) on specific pages or sections of the Site, and they may send in Materials for publication on the Site. Such materials may be published and circulated on the Site in accordance with the following rules, and in connection with specific events according to the rules applicable from time to time.The User accepts that the uploading of Materials on the Site automatically enables the acceptance of the following rules, which he undertakes to comply with.The User confirms that he or she owns all the copyrights to the Materials uploaded or submitted, and that he or she has obtained consent and acceptance from any other parties holding rights to the Materials.Illegal materials and those that violate third party rights may not be published or uploaded on the Site. The User confirms that the reproduction of Materials on the Site does not violate any rule of law or third party rights.By uploading materials onto the Site, the User grants Ferrari a free, non-exclusive, transferable licence to the Materials, valid for the whole world and including the right of sub-licence, to use, publish, circulate, reproduce, distribute, adapt and use in derived works connected to provision of the Service and/or as part of Ferrari’s commercial campaigns. The User also grants each Service User a free, non-exclusive, transferable licence for the whole world to access the Materials via the Service and to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt and use them in derived works.The above licences are granted on an open-ended basis. The User hereby accepts that he or she may not revoke the licences granted to Ferrari nor to other Users once the Material have been uploaded on the  Site.The User accepts full responsibility for the Materials uploaded on the Site, and expressly agrees to indemnify Ferrari in respect of any adverse consequences of publishing the Materials and in respect of all the loss or damage, costs and expenses including legal expenses that Ferrari may incur as a result of using the Materials.The User is aware that in any event, publication of the Materials is not guaranteed and is at the discretion of Ferrari. The Materials will be retained by Ferrari and may not be returned. They may be verified by Ferrari as the Site administrator. Ferrari may, at its discretion, also remove any Materials at its own discretion, without the need to give a reason.10Hypertext links to third party sites The Site may include hypertext links to third party sites. Hypertext links have the sole purpose of facilitating the browsing experience without there being any relationship between the content of the Site and the third party site.Ferrari accepts no responsibility for the functioning of the links, the content, structure, truthfulness, accuracy or adequacy of the materials or information found on third party sites, nor for the accessibility of third party sites linked to its own.The User accepts that, by accessing a third party site via a hypertext link, at the time he leaves the Site and the Service the Terms and Conditions of Use shall no longer apply and the specific conditions of use issued by the third party site will apply instead.In particular, the User is aware that access to third party messaging and social networking sites through hypertext links results in the application of the specific conditions of use applied by the owners of such sites.11FramingFraming links, which allow a website page to appear on a specific page of another site while the content of that page appears inside a frame instead of a separate browser window, are prohibited.The violation of this article will be subject to prosecution, also with regard to unfair competition, and is governed by the applicable laws.12DisclaimerAll of the content on the Site is provided for information purposes only. Ferrari gives no warranty as to its accuracy or completeness, and reserves the right to amend and update the content without prior notice. Ferrari will not be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage including loss of profits that may derive from the use or impossibility of using the Site and its content, or from the use of sites connected directly or indirectly to it, or from errors or omissions.13Official social accounts' code of conductAt Ferrari we are dedicated to maintaining a respectful community that engages in lively discussions about our cars, racing and brand. We want everybody to be able to comment, whilst always being respectful.Please keep the following in mind when you’re engaging with us and other Ferrari enthusiasts on our social platforms:Respect Others - Please be always polite: to all the members of our Community and people working for this factory as well as to other commenters. And always keep in mind that there are real people reading your comments.Welcoming space  -  we strongly believe that the Ferrari Community should be a great space for all individuals, groups and their ideas. As such, any inappropriate comment will be removed and you may lose your ability to engage with us in the future. This includes: URLs of third party websites which may contain offensive or illegal material;  racist, sexist, abusive or otherwise objectionable contents; swear words of any kind: posts made to appear as if they have been posted by someone else (impersonation); personal details included (yours or someone else's - such as phone numbers and addresses); Comments repeated more than once (spam) and/or that deviates widely from the topic of the thread or blog.Ferrari social platform usage – Please avoid promoting any services or products (non-commercial links that are relevant to the blog post or comment are acceptable)Moderation - In order to provide a safe space for our community, comments will be moderated by Ferrari’s team, but they will appear on your and your friends’ Facebook walls immediately.Please report posts that violate these guidelines by using the spam linkWe regularly look at messages that have been marked as spam and remove messages that violate our guidelinesCODE OF CONDUCT FOR REGISTERED USERS01IntroductionVarious categories of User may register on the Site.The services and content reserved for Registered Users are only those specified in the Code of Conduct and/or on the Site at the time of access. Ferrari will inform Registered Users of new services using the official channels on the Site.No activity or initiative reserved for Registered Users will be binding on Ferrari, which may change the services offered at any time.Registered Users may also submit requests, complaints or suggestions through the official channels (Customer Service, email address “customercare@ferrari.com”); emails received through other channels will not be answered unless indicated otherwise by the administrator.02“Ferrari Guest” User Community: registration, services and terminationFans can join the online Ferrari community through the site www.ferrari.com. To become a “Ferrari Guest” the User must enter the personal details requested on the online form, and select a username and password to complete the registration process.Once registered, a Ferrari Guest User can use the following services free of charge:a) access the full list of content and services reserved for Ferrari Guest Users;c) find out about all the events reserved for the Community;d) take part in video chats and competitions.Ferrari Guest Users can terminate their registration (Art. 65(2) b) of legislative decree 206/2005 (the Consumer Code). The notice of termination must be sent in writing (Art. 64(2) of the Consumer Code) by registered post to Ferrari’s headquarters at Via Emilia est 1163 P.O. Box 5891- 41122 Modena.Deletion will result in the termination of all Services dedicated to this type of user. If the Ferrari Guest User, exercising their right of withdrawal, intends at the same time to request the deletion of their personal data provided during registration, they may send a request to the Data Controller indicated in the specific "Privacy Policy" section accessible on the Site following the procedures indicated therein. Where possible, the details will be deleted, otherwise they will be blocked.03“Scuderia Ferrari Membership” User: registration, services and termination. To become a “Scuderia Ferrari Member” (“SF”) user, the User must enter the information requested in the online form, and pay the annual membership fee as indicated in detail on the Site.On completion of the registration process, the SF User can then receive a membership card, and free gift, and will then receive the credentials for the Ferrari.com site.  Once registered, the Member can access the following services:a) view all the exclusive content available to Members;b) use all the screensavers and wallpaper on the Site, on his/her own devices;c) enter video chats and competitions.d) receive the newsletter for SF Members.e) take part in Member events, at the discretion of Ferrari (limited numbers apply).f) benefit from discounts and special rates on online or offline products and services.Access to the above services will last for one year from the date of registration and is not automatically renewed on expiry, except where membership is renewed according to the instructions published by Ferrari on the Site.SF Members cannot terminate the contract as provided for in Articles 64 et seq of the  Consumer Code, as the contract entered into by the SF User at the time of registration relates to leisure services (Art. 55(1) b) of the Consumer Code). Therefore the User may not request the reimbursement of the annual membership fee.However, an SF User may request the deletion of his or her data at any time by sending a request to the Data Controller  indicated in the Privacy Policy section on the Site. Where possible, the data will be deleted, otherwise it will be blocked, from the date of expiry of the annual registration.04 “Owner” User: registration, services and terminationFerrari owners can register in the “My Ferrari” section, which can be accessed using the “my.ferrari.com” address dedicated to “Ferrari Owner” Users.To access the “MyFerrari” section as a Ferrari Owner User, the User must enter the personal details requested in the online form, and must also enter his or her credentials. Ferrari will then verify the Owner’s status and allow the Ferrari Owner User to access the following services:a)     View the list of cars and details (optionals, warranty dates etc.) for each vehicle, based on the available information;b)     Download the use and maintenance manuals, and certificates, based on the available information;c)     Save the configurations made on the car configurator and send them to the dealer;d)     Update the vehicle data and use any other services that may be available;e)     Receive information about exclusive events and initiatives for Ferrari Owners.Ferrari Owner Users can terminate their registration (Art. 65(2) b) legislative decree 206/2005 (the “Consumer Code”) by sending written notice (Art. 64(2) of the Consumer Code) by registered post to Ferrari’s headquarters at Via Emilia est 1163 P.O. Box 5891-41122 Modena.Deletion will result in the termination of all Services dedicated to this type of user. If the Ferrari Guest User, exercising their right of withdrawal, intends at the same time to request the deletion of their personal data provided during registration, they may send a request to the Data Controller indicated in the specific "Privacy Policy" section accessible on the Site following the procedures indicated therein.Where possible, the details will be deleted, otherwise they will be blocked.05Netiquette for Registered Users Registered Users agree to respect the principles of good online behaviour (“netiquette”).Access to the Site implies that the Registered User has read and fully accepts the Terms and Conditions of Use and the Code of Conduct.Registered Users must be fair and respectful to other Users and administrators in all activities on the Site.The Registered User is the only person responsible for the information and posts left on the site, and for any violations on the forums and blogs accessible from the Site. Posts only express the opinion of the author.The Registered User also agrees not to send illegal, obscene, vulgar, defamatory material, not to incite hatred, make threats or submit any message with illegal or immoral content, or that may outrage public decency.Ferrari and the website manager may remove offensive or illegal posts, at their discretion or at the request of other Users.The Registered User agrees not to use the Service as a way of circulating spam or junk mail. The Registered User is also prohibited from leaving posts intended to damage the technical structure of the Site.Registered Users must report any offensive, abusive or illegal content to Ferrari at the address: customercare@ferrari.com.Deliberate failure to observe the above rules will result in immediate exclusion from the Community, forums, blogs, and possibly the blocking of the User’s account.06SeverabilityIf any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is considered illegal, null and void or ineffective for any reason, the invalid clause will be removed and shall not affect the validity or effect of the remaining clauses.07Governing law and forumWithout prejudice to any other rights available to Users under the terms of national or supranational laws, the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Site, and the Code of Conduct are subject to and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Italy (with the exclusion of the rules of international private law), including any disputes concerning the existence, validity or effect of the Terms and Conditions of Use, the Code of Conduct and any other agreement they may refer to ( CONSUMER RELATIONS ARE GOVERNED BY THE ROME 1 REGULATION (593/2008) WHICH STATES: (I) THAT IN THE APPLICABLE LAW IN THE ABSENCE OF CHOICE WILL BE THAT OF THE COUNTRY OF HABITUAL RESIDENCE OF THE CONSUMER (II)THAT THE CHOICE OF AN APPLICABLE LAW NOT FROM THE COUNTRY OF HABITUAL RESIDENCE OF THE CONSUMER IS APPLICABLE ONLY IF IT DOES NOT DEPRIVE THE CONSUMER OF THE RIGHTS HE/SHE WOULD HAVE ENJOYED ON THE BASIS OF THE LAW THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN APPLICABLE IN THE ABSENCE OF CHOICE AND ALSO OF THE LAWS OF HIS/HER COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE. FURTHERMORE, THE CONSUMER CODE ALSO STATES THAT CLAUSES PERTAINING TO THE CHOICE OF NON-EU LAWS WHICH WOULD DEPRIVE THE CONSUMER OF PROTECTION PROVIDED FOR UNDER DIRECTIVE 93/13/EEC ARE NULL. )Without prejudice to any rights available to Users under the terms of national or supranational laws, the Court of Modena shall have sole jurisdiction over any disputes arising in relation to these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Code of Conduct, and any other agreement they may refer to.In the event of any dispute as to the interpretation of the Italian and English versions of these Terms and Conditions of Use and of the Code of Conduct, the Italian version shall prevail.08About the companyFerrari S.p.A.Headquarters and factory: Via Abetone Inf. 4, I- 41122 Maranello (Modena)tel +39 0536.949111Registered office: Via Emilia est 1163 P.O. Box 589 I- 41122 ModenaShare capital: € 20,260,000 fully paid upVAT no. and tax code: 00159560366.Modena Companies Register number – Economic Administrative Index of Modena: 88683Direction and Coordination: Ferrari N.V.09ContactsFor communications and information:email: customercare@ferrari.comFerrari S.p.A. Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari S.p.A (“Ferrari”, “we”, “us”, “our”) collects your personal data, how Ferrari uses this personal data, with whom Ferrari share your personal data, and your choices in connection with this.01APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy applies to personal data Ferrari collects through websites owned and operated by Ferrari, the MyFerrari mobile application, and official Ferrari dealer websites (collectively, the “Websites”).02CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICERThe data controller is Ferrari S.p.A., with registered office at Via Emilia Est, N. 1163, Modena, Italy. You can contact the Ferrari’s Data Protection Officer by email at: privacy2@ferrari.com.03COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We collect personal data, which is information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
(A)   Information You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you:
Apply for employment. When you apply for employment with Ferrari, we collect your identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment history, and educational history). We use this personal data to manage and consider your application with Ferrari, as necessary to comply with the law, and to create your candidate account. Once your candidate account is created, we will also store your username and password. The legal basis for this processing is that the processing is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract. Ferrari also processes this personal data as part of its legitimate interest in the facilitation and optimization of the recruitment process.
Contact us. When you send Ferrari a question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with personal identifiers (name and email address), protected classifications (gender), and any other information you choose to provide in your correspondence. We use this personal data to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Download the MyFerrari mobile application. When you download the MyFerrari mobile application, you will need to activate your account. To do so, we will collect your personal identifiers (name and email address). Once your account is activated, we will store your password. We use this personal data to activate your account and confirm your registration as a Ferrari owner. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Inquire about financial services. To obtain more information on Ferrari financial services, you will need to provide us with your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address). We use this personal data to manage and communicate with you about your request for more information. The legal basis for this is your consent.
Report a violation of Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. Ferrari provides an Ethics Helpline for individuals to request advice and/or report concerns that may be inconsistent with Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. If you request advice and/or report a concern, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, and email address) and any additional information you choose to disclose in your correspondence. We use this personal data to assess, investigate, and resolve your report and to comply with the law. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Register as an owner. If you register as a Ferrari owner, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, date of birth, and physical address), protected classifications (gender), professional or employment information (your job activity), and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number, vehicle information, and license plate number). Once your owner account is created, we will also store your password. We use this personal data to process your owner registration and create your account. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Request a service at an official Ferrari dealer. To request a service, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address) and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number and details of your vehicle). We use this personal data to book your service appointment and communicate with you about your service request. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Profiling activities. If you opt-in, we may use this personal data described in this section to analyze your behaviors, habits and propensity to consume to enhance products and services provided by the Ferrari, to satisfy your expectations as well as to send you marketing communications we feel may be of interest to you. In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
Subscribe to marketing communications. If you opt-in, we may also use this personal data described in this section to send you marketing communications as well as sending advertising on Ferrari products and services, or performing market researches. This data may be processed in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means including via mail or e-mail, phone (e.g. automated phone calls, SMS, MMS), fax and any other mean (e.g. web sites, mobile apps). In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
Subscribe to the Ferrari Newsletter. When you subscribe to the Ferrari newsletter, we will collect your personal identifiers (email address) and your preferences on the newsletters you wish to receive. We use this personal data to send you the newsletter(s) as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Subscribe to the Official Ferrari Magazine. When you subscribe to the Official Ferrari Magazine, we will collect personal identifiers (name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and date of birth) and customer records information (payment card number, expiration date, and CVV). We use this personal data to send you the Official Ferrari Magazine as requested and to process your payment. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Ferrari may also use the personal data we collect as described in this section to improve our products and services, to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA. This is part of our legitimate interest in the performance of our contractual obligations, protection of legal rights, and compliance with legal obligations. Ferrari may also deidentify or aggregate the personal data for benchmarking purposes.
(B)   Information Collected Automatically.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information:
Usage information. This includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring website addresses.
Device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. For the MyFerrari mobile application, we will also assign a unique identifier to your mobile device.
Location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address.
To collect this information, we use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, we and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include technical cookies categorized in:
Essential. We use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of the Websites, and to allow the Websites and its features to function properly.
Functional. We use functional cookies to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, to remember your login information, to remember your preferences, to diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse.
Analytics. Analytics cookies allow us and our analytics provides to recognize and count the number of users to the Websites, see how users interact with the Websites and different functions, and when users are using the Websites. We use this information to improve the Websites.
These cookies include also the following categories:
Performance/profiling. These cookies collect information about how you use websites. Performance cookies help us, for example, to identify especially popular areas of our website. In this way, we can adapt the content of our websites more specifically to your needs and thereby improve what we offer you. To opt-out of sharing through cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Advertising. Advertising cookies identify and store behaviors that users take when visiting our Websites. These cookies are used in order to identify you as a prospect for our services, deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests, limit the number of times you see an advertisement, and help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of sharing through cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
To control the information collected about you using cookies and other technologies see our Cookie Policy. Particular third-party cookies on our Websites to note include:
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Websites or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available here. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here.
DoubleClick. We utilize DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on a user’s prior visit to our Websites. Each visitor to our Site receives a different cookie and the information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites participating in Google certified ad networks. DoubleClick enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites and other websites on the Internet. Please review Google’s privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on.
Google Ads. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Websites advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Websites. For more information, please review Google’s privacy policy available here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings.
Facebook Pixel. We use Facebook Pixel to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to our Websites by clicking on the Facebook ad. The Facebook Pixel stores a cookie on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. We do not have access to the information collected through the Facebook Pixel. However, the information collected via the Facebook Pixel, on the Websites as well as other websites on which Facebook Pixel is installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy. The Facebook Pixel also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of Facebook ads, visit your Facebook Ad Settings, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your Off-Facebook Activity page. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt-out of Facebook ads through the Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Bing Ads. Bing Ads is a remarketing service provided by Microsoft. We use Bing Ads to service you advertisements based on your past visits to the Websites. You can learn more about the privacy practices of Microsoft here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and of Bing Ads. You can follow the instructions here.
04RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA General Sharing
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include:
Within Ferrari. We may share your personal data with Ferrari subsidiaries for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. Upon your consent, we may also share your personal data within the Ferrari Group Companies for marketing purposes. You may revoke your consent at any time.
With Service Providers.  We may share your personal data with our service providers that assist us in providing the Websites. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in providing the Websites efficiently. These service providers include communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, marketing providers, and e-commerce providers.
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others.
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we would share personal data with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We would also share personal data with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings.
With Your Consent. Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal data for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal data or before the personal data you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Sharing in the Last Twelve (12) Months
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
We have disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity information, and customer records information to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our e-commerce provider, communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, and marketing providers.
We have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and repair Websites errors that impair functionality.
We have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to maintain, improve, and upgrade the Websites.
For a Sale. Under the CCPA, certain disclosures we engage in are considered a sale. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network activity information collected via cookies to data analytics providers and ad networks. You may opt-out of these cookies by following the instructions in our Cookie Policy.05YOUR DATA CHOICESCorrect or View Your Information. You may access your Ferrari owner’s account to correct or view certain personal data you have provided to us and which is associated with your account.
Online Advertising. To opt-out of interest based advertising generally or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. For European users, please visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Marketing Emails. You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided with each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to the Websites, your account, or requested products or services.
Device Location Settings. You may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the MyFerrari mobile application.
Uninstall MyFerrari. You can stop all further collection of your personal data by the MyFerrari mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application.06GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) a.       Right of Individuals Under the GDPR
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Right to Access. You have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal data we process.
Right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. See YOUR DATA CHOICES for additional ways you can restrict processing of your personal data.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. See YOUR DATA CHOICES as well as our Cookie Policy for additional ways you can object to processing of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily used, and readable format.
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p.A., via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email at privacy2@ferrari.com.
b.      Personal Data Transfer Outside of the European Economic Area
Within its contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission.07CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights:
Right to Access. You have the right to request what personal data Ferrari has collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve (12) months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that Ferrari collects or maintains, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties. Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal data of minors under the age of sixteen (16) years.
Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA.
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a verifiable consumer request by email at privacy2@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727. To opt-out of the sale of your personal data via cookies, please follow the instructions in our Cookie Policy.
For requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.08NEVADA RESIDENTSIf you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out of the current or future sale of certain of your personal data. We do not currently sell any of your personal data under Nevada law, nor do we plan to do so in the future. If you have any questions regarding our data privacy practices, or would like to opt-out of the future sale of your personal data, please contact us at privacy2@ferrari.com. 09RETENTION The personal data processed by Ferrari will be retained for the period deemed strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was provided. However, Ferrari may continue to store personal data for a longer period, as may be necessary to protect Ferrari’s interests related to potential liability related to our services and the Websites. Ferrari will keep personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling for ten (10) years from the provision of your personal data for marketing and profiling purposes unless you withdraw your consent. Once your consent is withdrawn, personal data may no longer be processed for marketing or profiling purposes by may still be retained for the purpose of handling any disputes and/or litigation. Information collected via cookies will be kept for periods as indicated in our Cookie Policy.10DO NOT TRACKWe do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) requests. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform Websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.11INFORMATION SECURITY To protect your personal data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, we have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures. These security measures include encryption, access controls, and anti-virus and anti-malware protection. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal data we have collected from you. 12CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The Websites and the services offered thereon are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) years. If we learn that we have collected or received personal data from individuals under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete the personal data. If you believe we have personal data on individuals under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us at the contact information provided below.13AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 28, 2020.14LINK TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESThird party websites accessible from this website are under the third party responsibility.
The Company declines all responsibility concerning requests and/or provision of personal data to third party websites.15CONTACTFor questions, please contact Ferrari at:
Data Protection Officer
Legal and Corporate Affairs
Ferrari S.p.A.
privacy2@ferrari.com