http://www.lynchburg.edu/about/privacy-policy/
Visit
Apply
Give
/ About Us / Privacy PolicyUniversity of Lynchburg provides online information and services to students, employees, and the public to supplement services provided on campus.
This privacy statement provides information required by Virginia and federal laws about privacy, confidentiality, and related policies for individuals who use our official websites and other electronic services.
Individual websites may provide additional information about privacy. This statement applies to all information collected by or submitted to the University of Lynchburg. It is not to be construed as a contractual promise. Additional University policies that provide information about the use of computing and communications systems at the University of Lynchburg can be found here.
University of Lynchburg websites may contain links to external websites. The University of Lynchburg does not endorse or take any responsibility for the privacy practices or policies of external websites.
Information Collected by University of Lynchburg
Email and Form Information. University of Lynchburg does not obtain personal information about you when you visit our websites or through other online services unless you provide us that information voluntarily.
If an individual sends an email message with a question or comment or fills out a web-based form, and either form or communication contains personally identifying information, that information will only be used to directly respond to the requester, unless otherwise stated specifically.
The request for information may be redirected to another part of the University that may be in a better position to respond to the request. Any personal information you provide will not be released to outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in connection with legal proceedings, law enforcement investigations, or state law.
System-Generated Information. In addition to information actively provided by individuals using University of Lynchburg websites and other online services, University of Lynchburg may record information such as, but not limited to, the following types of information each time these access points are used:
Internet address of the computer being used
Web pages requested
Network software access
Referring web page
Browser used
Date, time, and duration of activity
Passwords and accounts accessed
Volume of data storage and transfers
University of Lynchburg uses this information to monitor, preserve, and enhance the functionality and integrity of the system. Information is collected for analysis and statistical purposes, and is used to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks, such as assessing what information is of most interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance and/or problem areas.
This information is not used in any way that would reveal personal information to external constituencies, except as described above.
Monitoring. In cases of suspected violations of University policies, especially unauthorized access to computing systems, the system administrator concerned may take such measures as are necessary, including authorizing detailed session logging.
This may involve capturing and retaining a complete keystroke log of an entire session. In addition, a system administrator for the equipment involved may authorize limited searching of user files on individual or networked computers to gather evidence on a suspected violation.
Cookies. Cookies are short pieces of information used by web browsers to remember information provided by the user, such as passwords and preferences from past visits.
Some University of Lynchburg websites may use cookies to store service information. Some web-based services may require cookies for access. Any information that the University of Lynchburg may store in cookies is used exclusively for internal purposes only.
Alternatives to Electronic Transactions
University of Lynchburg provides online access to information and services for students, employees, and members of the public. If you prefer not to provide any information to the University online, you may cancel the transaction and contact the administrative unit responsible for the service to learn about available options for conducting business in person, by mail, or by telephone.
Disclosure of Information
University of Lynchburg does not sell or distribute confidential information it collects online to individuals or entities not affiliated with the University.
University of Lynchburg policies protect the confidentiality of student educational records and employee personnel information. These policies explain what information may be shared with the public or anyone who requests it. They also explain what information is protected as confidential. Confidential information will not be disclosed without the consent of the student or employee, except under subpoena or court order or in case of an emergency.
Student records. Student records are protected by the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), Virginia law, and University policy. The University policy also provides information on a student’s right to limit access to otherwise public directory information.
Chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. University of Lynchburg does not routinely retain logs or copies of chat rooms, forums, message boards, or news groups available to its users. However, information disclosed in these areas is public.
Employee records. Employee records are protected by University of Lynchburg policy and by Virginia law.
Public records law. Under Virginia law, University of Lynchburg may be required to provide information in University records to a third party. Information protected by FERPA or by other laws or Board policy will not be disclosed in response to a public records request.
Contractors. From time to time, individuals or companies under contract with the University may have access to information in the course of the service they provide to the University, but those entities are not permitted to use or re-disclose that information for unauthorized purposes. No other entities are authorized to collect information through University of Lynchburg sites.
Security
Although every effort is made to secure network communications, University of Lynchburg cannot ensure the privacy of online communications. Individuals using online services should also take steps to protect personal information, such as closing the web browser when finished using the site. Failure to do so may result in personal information being viewed by someone else using the same computer.
University of Lynchburg accepts credit card payments online for a variety of goods and services. Unless otherwise noted on the site, all University credit card transactions are encrypted. Information entered to complete a transaction will not be used by the University for any other purpose unless the purpose is described on the site.
University-owned or controlled computers and equipment are public property and may be examined by authorized individuals to detect improper, illegal, or non-governmental use, to evaluate the security of the network, or for other governmental purposes. Please be aware that any information placed or stored on a University-owned or provided computer is subject to review by the University at any time.
If you have additional questions about online privacy or security, you can contact the Information Technology and Resources office via email to help@lynchburg.edu, by phone, 434.544.8350, or by mail to Information Technology and Resources, University of Lynchburg, 1501 Lakeside Drive, Lynchburg, VA 24501.
About Us
Quick FactsAccreditationConsumer InformationUniversity LeadershipNational RecognitionSustainabilityMission StatementHistoryContact UsFacilities ReservationsBusiness & FinanceFaculty/Staff DirectoryUniversity Communications and MarketingArts at the University of LynchburgHuman ResourcesCommencementInstitutional EffectivenessStudent AwardsSummer CampsAlways BecomingOffice of Equity and InclusionNon-Discrimination StatementPrivacy PolicyPresident-electCOVID-19
Academics
Undergraduate
Graduate
Admission
Undergraduate
Graduate
Financial Aid
Undergraduate
Graduate
Athletics
News & Scores
About Athletics
Student Life
Campus Life
City Life
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents & Family
About Us
About
News & Events
Maps & Directions
Human ResourcesSpiritual Life
Volunteering & Service
Faculty/Staff Directory
Points of Pride
SustainabilityLeadership
Accreditation
Accessibility
MyLynchburg (MyLC)
HornetHQ
Make online payment
Lynchburg Magazine
University of Lynchburg
| 1501
Lakeside Drive |
Lynchburg, VA 24501-3113
| 434.544.8100
Privacy Policy | Non-Discrimination Statement
>
X
COVID-19 INFORMATION