http://www.it.umass.edu/support/spire/ferpa-privacy-waiver-provisions
Jump to navigation
The University of Massachusetts Amherst
Open UMass Global Links Menu
Visit
Apply
Give
Search UMass.edu
UMass Amherst
Search Google Appliance
Enter the terms you wish to search for.
Links
Email
SPIRE
Moodle
Blackboard Learn
Online Storage
People Finder
Information Technology
Services
See all IT Services
Services at a Glance
Accounts
Email
Instructional Technologies
Discounts
Network Connectivity
Online Storage & Collaboration
Moodle
Telephones
SPIRE
Web Hosting
Classroom Technologies
Policies
Support
Security
Software
About
Search the Support Center
Browse by Topic
You are hereHome › Support Center › SPIRE
FERPA Privacy Waiver & Your Academic Records
On This Page:Financial Aid Services & Bursar Information
Housing Information
Only you have access to your Academic Records
To share information, use transcripts
The FERPA Privacy Waiver is limited to two categories of information: financial and housing. The Waiver does not cover your academic record (e.g., grades, credits, etc.). When you activate your Waiver in SPIRE, you select the type of information (financial and/or housing) your designees can request from the University.
Note: Under this Waiver, University staff cannot discuss academic information (e.g., your grades) with your designees. Learn more about the FERPA Privacy Waiver and your academic records
Financial Aid Services & Bursar Information
Information in this category includes, but is not limited to:
Your bursar account balance, charges, debits, credits, and payments appearing on your account. Past due amounts and/or collection activity, payment plans, third party sponsorship, and 1098T information.
Pending or previous financial aid awards (including types and amounts), financial aid application data, processing status, eligibility, or disbursements.
Tuition and fee waivers, scholarship or sponsorship awards, refund or excess amounts, and their processing status.
University-maintained loan disbursements, loan billing and repayment history (including eligibility).
Health insurance waiver status.
Approved academic load (full- or part-time status only), withdrawal dates.
Questions regarding related service indicators.
Questions regarding a student’s financial aid or financial account record, including the student’s communication history with the Office of the Bursar and the Financial Aid Office.
Note: This category does not include UCard, employment records, registration, or other academic records.
Contacts:
Office of the Bursar (http://www.umass.edu/bursar/)
Financial Aid Office (http://www.umass.edu/umfa/)
Housing Information
Information in this category includes, but it is not limited to:
Your current and future housing assignments, and directory information.
On-campus housing requirements, preferences, eligibility, obligations, fees, and refunds, as governed by the Residence Hall Contract.
Contact: Residential Life (http://www.umass.edu/living/about)
Only you have access to your academic records
In compliance with the FERPA law, the University will not distribute grades or any other academic information to anyone but you. As owner of your academic records, you decide whether or not you want to share this with others.
To share academic information, use transcripts
Do not make your SPIRE logon information available to anyone else. If you want to share your grades or other academic details:
Use SPIRE to run an unofficial transcript or to request an official transcript (if applicable). Learn more about using SPIRE to access transcripts and printing from SPIRE.
Request an official transcript from the appropriate office if transcripts are not available to you through SPIRE. Learn more about requesting official transcripts.
Printer-friendly version
Get IT Help
Request Help Live Chat
Email, chat, and phone at 413-545-9400
8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Monday - Friday
In-person tech help at the IT User Services help center in Lederle Graduate Research Center (LGRC) Lowrise is available by appointment.Schedule an Appointment
Suggestions & Feedback
Linkedin
©  University of Massachusetts Amherst • Site Policies • Site Contact
©2020 University of Massachusetts Amherst · Site Policies · Accessibility