https://www.intelligentbusiness.biz/privacy-policy-cookies/
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. Continue
Featured Content
The Impact of Big Data on ETL
Interactive Data Exploration with an In-Memory Analytics Engine
IoT Analytics Architecture
Interactive Data Exploration Using a Context-Aware Analytics Engine
IoT Analytics Architecture
Data Virtualisation – Flexible Technology for the Agile Enterprise
Data Intelligence – Curating Business Ready Data and Analytics in a Data Driven Enterprise
Scalable, In-Memory SQL on Hadoop – Why Open Source is Not the Only Option
Accelerating Data Science Using Machine Learning Automation
Self-Service Data Integration, Data Discovery & Analysis for the Citizen Data Scientist
Designing, Operating & Managing an Enterprise Data Lake (12-13 November 2020, Virtual)
Machine Learning & Advanced Analytics (1-2 December 2020, Virtual)
Smart Infrastructure & Smart Applications for the Smart Business – Infrastructure & Application Performance Monitoring
Organising the Data Lake – The Central Role of an Information Catalog
Eight Steps to Deploying an Enterprise Portal – Part Six
Architecting a Big Data Platform for Analytics
Active Intelligence for Smart Business
The Enterprise Data Refinery
Delivering Operational Analytics using Spark and NoSQL Data Stores
Data Warehouse Automation & Real-time Data – Reducing Time to Value in a Distributed Analytical Environment
Asset Performance for Smart Manufacturing
The Business Value of Master Data
Simplifying Data Connectivity in a Data-Driven Enterprise
Streaming Analytics & Embedded BI – the Route to Always On Smart Business Operations
Unified Data Integration in a Distributed Data Landscape
Edge Advanced Analytics
The Business Value of Kubernetes in an Analytical Environment
The Challenge of Big Data
An Analytical Platform for the Smart Enterprise
Building Big Data Analytical Applications at Scale Using Existing ETL Skillsets
Data ManagementBI/AnalyticsBig DataSmart Business
Content
Data Management
BI/Analytics
Big Data
Smart Business
Other
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Intelligent Business Strategies treats personal information lawfully and correctly and fully endorses and adheres to the principles of data protection, as set out in the Data Protection Act 1998.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing text sent between a computer used to browse a website and a server used to host a website. Cookies are used to distinguish users from one another and the website pages they visit, whilst also passing information between pages during a single browsing session.
This website uses the Google Analytic’s service, which in turn relies on cookies to provide meaningful reports about its visitors. Google Analytics cookies do not collect personal data about website visitors, rather, the information collected is used to quantify browsing trends between website users, that in turn help the website owners provide the best online experience possible.
The following are Google Analytics cookies placed on your computer by the Google Analytics service:
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
__utmv
__utmx
For more information about these cookies, please visit the following link.
Back to the Top
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Intelligent Business Strategies.
Our postal address is:  8 Paddock Chase, Poynton, Cheshire, Sk12 1XR, United Kingdom
Our website address is: https://www.intelligentbusiness.biz
We can be reached via e-mail at or you can reach us by telephone at: 01625 520700.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognises no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name, address, telephone number, fax number, VAT numbers (only if an order is placed).
The information we collect is used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, and is only disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorised use of our Website.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us at any time in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt-out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
E-mail:
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
By default WordPress does not share any personal data with anyone.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Back to the Top