http://www.museumsalberta.ab.ca/about-us/contact-us/privacy-policy.aspx
ALBERTA MUSEUMS ASSOCIATION
Tweets by @AlbertaMuseums
Alberta Museums Association
0
About Us
Board
Secretariat
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What We Do
Advisory
COVID-19 Pandemic
Reopening and Operating during COVID-19
Advocacy
Annual Conference
2021 Conference Series
Conference 2020
Conference 2019
Awards
Leadership Awards
Leadership Awards FAQ
Robert R. Janes Award for Social Responsibility
Lieutenant Governor's Award
Best in Heritage Awards
Emergency Preparedness
Emergency Preparedness Videos
HELP! Online Resources
Museums at the Mic Podcasts
Grants
Professional Development Grant
Operational Staffing Grant
Institutional Grant
Grants Program FAQ
Mentorship Program
Become a Mentor
Become a Mentee
Museum Visitor Experience Program
Professional Development
Certificate in Museum Studies
2020 Learning Opportunities
Publications
Recognized Museum Program
Institutional Profile
Application
Reapplication
Leader
Recognized Museum Program FAQ
Become a Member
Individual Membership
Individual Application
Institutional Membership
Institutional Application
Student/Volunteer Membership
Student / Volunteer Application
Supporting Membership
Supporting Application
Get Involved
Advertise with the AMA
Calls for Participation
Call for Conference Program Committee Members
Museums for Me
Call for CEI Blog Submissions
COVID-19: Alberta Bits and Pieces Program
Digital Engagement
Climate Change Videos
INFOrm e-magazine
Community Engagement Initiative
Donate
Giving Tuesday
Post Your UNselfie
MAIN-L
Media Watch
Meet Your Museum
#MeetYourMuseum Social Media Toolkit
Invite Your Elected Officials
2019 Meet Your Museum Campaign
Partners
Events
Document Library
Book Store
Donate
Members
Visit Alberta Museums
Shopping Cart
0
Book Store
The AMA has many publications to provide
information and promote excellence in museums.
Donate
Be a change maker.
Donate today.
Members
AMA members login here to view your profile and
grant information.
Visit Alberta Museums
Explore Alberta's many great Recognized Museums.
0
Latest News
Museums Closed Under Enhanced Public Health
Measures
On December 8, 2020, the Government of Alberta announced
more stringent mandatory public health measures to protect the
health and safety of all Albertans as the province continues to see
a surge in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. Effective at 12:01
a.m. on Sunday, December 13, all museums, science centres,
interpretive centres, and galleries across the province must
close. Click the button below for the AMA's Membership
Advisory.
Learn More
New Dates Announced for 2020 CCI
Workshop
The AMA is excited to announce that the postponed 2020
Canadian Conservation Institute (CCI) workshop on Integrated Pest
Management for Cultural Property will now be held virtually
in two sessions on February 11 and February 18, 2021. Click the
button below for more information about
registering.
Learn More
Membership Advisory: New Mandatory Public Health Measures
in Effect
In response to the spike in COVID-19 cases in the province, the
Government of Alberta has announced new mandatory public health
measures, effective November 24. Museums and galleries are included
in the business and service restrictions that come into effect on
November 27. Click the button below for the AMA's Membership
Advisory.
Learn
More
Announcing the AMA's 50th Anniversary
Conference Series
The Alberta Museums Association (AMA) is excited to announce our
50th Anniversary Conference Series! Throughout
2021, we will be hosting four virtual events to celebrate
excellence in the Alberta museum community over the past 50 years
and examine the trends and priorities that are shaping the future
of our sector. Click the button below to learn more.
Learn More
Membership Advisory: Make Your Voice Heard
The Government of Alberta is currently surveying Albertans
regarding Budget
2021 and spending priorities. The Alberta Museums Association
(AMA) is encouraging all members to complete
this survey to ensure that the needs of the museum community
are considered in the decision-making process. We would also like
to encourage you to continue engaging with your MLAs and elected
officials in your communities. Please read our Membership Advisory
below.
Learn More
AMA Announces 2020 Awards Recipients
The AMA is pleased to announce the 2020 Awards Recipients. This
year, recipients were named for the Lieutenant Governor's Award,
the Robert R. Janes Award for Social Responsibility, and the
Leadership Awards for Engagement and Education. Click the button
below to read more.
Learn More
COVID-19 Health & Safety Toolkits Available to Order
Health & Safety Toolkits are now available to order through
the AMA Bookstore. The toolkits include a variety of physical
and digital resources to support organizations to reopen and
operate safely during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Ordering will remain open while supplies
last.
Order Now
With funding support from Travel Alberta, these
toolkits are part of an ongoing AMA project to provide
resources and supports to the museum and heritage sector during
this public health crisis. Click the button below to learn
more.
Learn More
Announcing a Fundraising Partnership for AMA
Members
The Alberta Museums Association (AMA) is excited to announce
that we have partnered with Global Philanthropic Inc., Canada's
largest full-service national fund development consultancy, to help
AMA members build your capacity to raise more money through
philanthropic support.
Learn More
Membership Advisory: Grants Program Changes for
2020 - 2021
In response to reductions to our funding allocation, the
AMA will be making changes to several of its programs and services
going forward, including the Grants Program for the 2020 - 2021
fiscal year. Click the button below for the AMA's Membership
Advisory regarding changes that have been made for the 2020 -
2021 granting year.
Learn
More
AMA Achieves Accreditation from Imagine
Canada's Standards Program
The Alberta Museums Association is pleased to announce that it
has been accredited under Imagine Canada's Standards Program,
a Canada-wide set of shared standards for charities and
non-profits designed to help organizations strengthen their
operations in five fundamental areas. With this achievement,
we join a distinguished community of 248
non-profit organizations in Canada dedicated to operational
excellence. Click the button to read our media release.
Learn More
Membership Advisory: Guidance for Reopening Museums
On April 30, 2020, the Government of Alberta released
Opening Soon: Alberta's Relaunch Strategy.
Museums and art galleries were included in Stage One of the relaunch, eligible to reopen and
resume operations as early as May 14.
Given the rapid timeline and the unique circumstances
faced by museums and heritage organizations, the Alberta Museums
Association has created the advisory document below,
Guidance for Reopening Museums, to help
clarify museum-specific considerations and requirements to reopen
safely.
Guidance for Reopening
Museums
Membership Advisory: Emergency Support Fund for Cultural,
Heritage and Sport Organizations
On May 8, 2020, the Minister of Canadian Heritage, the
Honourable Steven Guilbeault, shared further details regarding the
Government of Canada's Emergency Support Fund for Cultural,
Heritage and Sport Organizations, temporary relief measures to
support these sectors as they manage the challenges and impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic and plan for the future. Please click the
button below to view the AMA's Membership Advisory.
Learn
More
Membership Advisory: Further Reductions to Budget
2020
On April 29, 2020, the Alberta Museums Association (AMA)
was notified that due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the
precipitous drop in oil prices, there would be further reductions
to the budget announced by Finance Minister Travis Toews on
February 27, 2020. Please click the button below to view the AMA's
Membership Advisory.
Learn
More
FAQ and Resources Guide for the COVID-19 Pandemic
Please click the button below for the Alberta Museums
Association's Advisory resources relating to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The AMA will be updating this section as new information and
resources become available.
COVID-19
Advisory
Membership Advisory: Managing Your Museum's Pandemic
Response
The AMA has compiled resources to help Alberta museums
respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. Please see the information below
on managing your museum's pandemic response.
View Part 1: Activating Your
Emergency Response
View Part 2: Workers and
Employers
Membership Advisories: COVID-19
Please click the links below to view the AMA's Membership
Advisories from March 2020 relating to the COVID-19 (novel
coronavirus) pandemic and how it will impact museum operations and
events.
March 13: AMA Announcement on COVID-19
March 17: Closure
of Alberta Museums
Membership Advisory: Government of Alberta Budget 2020
On February 27, 2020, Finance Minister Travis Toews presented
the Government of Alberta's Budget 2020-21, A Plan for Jobs and
the Economy. Please click below to view the Alberta Museums
Association's response.
Learn
More
Taking Action Against Climate Change
The Alberta Museums Association (AMA) in partnership with the
Coalition of Museums for Climate Justice and Shadow Light
Productions, is excited to announce the launch a new video series -
Taking Action Against Climate Change.
See the videos
Press Release
Events
Certificate in Museum Studies Program Application
Jan
1
Participants who would like to complete the full certificate for credit must apply to the Program and complete an introductory webinar.
Event Details
Register
See All
The Alberta Museums Association leads,facilitates, and supports museums in their vital role with communities.
Alberta Museums Association
Suite 120, 12420.104 Ave NW
Edmonton, AB T5N 3Z9
780.424.2626
info@museums.ab.ca
contact us|privacy policy