http://www.mtsu.edu/policies/general/121.php
Skip to Main Content
Phase 3 of our campus reopening began Aug. 3. Offices are open, but operations may be modified for safety concerns. Read our plan or view updates for our COVID-19 response.
PipelineMT
Athletics
A-Z
Directory
MTSU Email
Search MTSU
Toggle navigation
Explore
About MTSU
Academic Programs
Campus Map and Directions
News About MTSU
President's Post
Research Centers
Schedule a Visit
Learn
Academic Programs
Adult Degree Completion Program
Course Catalogs
Course Schedule and Dates
Graduate Studies
International Education
Military Science
MTSU Online
Belong
Being True Blue
Blue Raider Athletics
Greek Life and Student Organizations
MTSU Alumni
Student Union Building
Things to Do in Murfreesboroand Nearby
Veterans and Military Family Center
Apply
Apply Now
Already Applied? What's Next?
Important Dates and Deadlines
Living on Campus
Undergraduate Admission Information
Graduate Admission Information
Pay for Your Education
Visit the MT One Stop
Quick Links
Board of Trustees
Calendar of Events
Campus Maps
Campus Safety
Contact Us
D2L
FAQs
Give 2 MTSU
Important Disclosure Information
Jobs at MTSU
Library
MTSU Alumni
MT One Stop
MTSUNews.com
Parent/Guardian Payment
Passwords
Privacy Policy
Research Centers
Resources
Schedule an Advising Appointment
Scorecard
Tennessee Transfer
University Police
University Policies
Home
Policies
(000-099) Governance and Compliance
(100-199) General
(200-299) Academic Affairs - Institution and Faculty
(300-399) Academic Affairs - Students
(400-499) Research
(500-599) Student Affairs
(600-699) Business and Finance
(700-799) Campus Health, Safety, and Security
(800-899) Personnel
(900-999) Information Technology
All Policies (Alphabetical Order)
Policies - Board Approval
Recently Approved/Updated
Pending Policies
Preparing Policies
University Standing Committees
Office of the University Counsel
Board of Trustees Policies
121  Privacy of Information
Approved by President
Effective Date: September 20, 2019Responsible Division:  Information Technology Responsible Office:  Information Technology Responsible Officer:  Vice President for Information Technology
I. Purpose
This policy establishes principles to guide the evolution of Middle Tennessee State
University (MTSU or University) community standards of information privacy. This is
a first step to clarify the level and protection of information privacy that may be
expected by the campus community for whom MTSU collects information. This policy is
intended to be flexible and independent of current definitions or concepts of technology
and to rely, instead, on common sense and a culture supportive of mutual respect.
While consideration has been given to the unique qualities of electronic information,
this policy reflects the reasoning that the core value of privacy is not confined
to any information medium.
While recognizing that other MTSU policies address other privacy issues, primarily
those based on federal and state laws, the objectives of this policy are to ensure
that:
A.  A sharper focus is given to the University’s values and beliefs related to information
privacy.
B.  The expectations for maintaining information privacy are provided for University
employees and students.
C.  Information privacy guidelines are provided for University employees and students.
II. University Values and Beliefs
Where discretionary considerations are possible, a balanced approach to resolving
conflicts between privacy and other values must incorporate the perspectives of the
University as an institution, the collective behavior of employees and students, and
the protection of individual privacy.
A.  Institutional Perspective. MTSU must not be unduly constrained with respect to
administrative efficiency in the enforcement of policies related to information privacy.
Consideration should be given to the mission, internal control of information, and
external mandates governing information collection and use.
B.  Ethical Stewardship as a Collective Responsibility. Employees and students of
MTSU are ethically obligated to respect the privacy of others and to adhere to a reasonable
standard of conduct that supports this collective respect. For example, when employees
gain unintentional access to information that a reasonable person would consider private,
personal, or confidential, sensible actions are required, such as the notification
of officials who are responsible for initiating corrective measures, or simply returning
or forwarding the information to the intended recipient or owner.
C.  The Individual’s Right to Know. While most employment related records are public,
even confidential records can be accessed under certain conditions. Therefore, information
in any form should be presumed capable of acquisition by others for purposes not related
to the original creation of that information. In most instances, employees of MTSU
have a right to know when their individual records have been reviewed, subpoenaed
by parties external to MTSU, or are under review by MTSU officials or administrators
who do not manage the information as part of their official duties. In such instances
where it is administratively practical, the employees should be notified by email,
phone call, or other means. Additionally, the Office of Human Resource Services (HRS)
will maintain records of all requests for an employee's public information. Records
of requests for access are not made when the request is from University personnel
as part of their job responsibilities. While most student related records are private,
even confidential records can be accessed under certain conditions, such as through
a judicial order or subpoena. In most instances, students will be notified of the
compliance with a judicial order or subpoena by parties external to MTSU.
III. Student and Employee Records
A.  Student Records. With regard to students’ education records, MTSU adheres to the
federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA). Policy 500 Access to Education Records and FERPA provide students with the right to inspect and review education records,
the right to seek to amend these records, and to limit disclosure of information from
the records.
Therefore, the release of student information in any medium, including the internet,
should be done only in accordance with FERPA and Policy 500 Access to Education Records.
1.  Students have the right to restrict release of directory information as outlined
in Policy 500 Access to Education Records.
2.  Records are retained in accordance with Policy 129 Records Management and Disposal of Records and the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers (AACRAO)
guidelines.
B.  Employee and Faculty Records. HRS maintains the official personnel files for MTSU
employees. Official faculty personnel files are maintained in the Office of the Provost.
See Policy 811 Personnel Records. With the exception of records specifically deemed confidential by statute, all employee
and faculty personnel information is public and accessibility is granted in compliance
with Policy 120 Public Records – Inspecting and Copying.
IV. Web and Social Media Sites
MTSU respects the privacy of its students and employees and is committed to ensuring
that any personal or confidential information that is collected is kept accurate and
secure from unauthorized access. MTSU may use third party analytics services that
may use browser cookies to anonymously collect and track site usage information. This
information is then analyzed as an aggregate and no personally identifiable information
is collected.
A.  Scope. This section applies to the University homepage and officially sponsored
social media sites or groups, including http://www.mtsu.edu and any other official MTSU site. Since the MTSU web community consists of many websites,
other websites may adopt more restrictive privacy and security statements as their
specific needs require. The MTSU homepage, as well as other sites across campus, contain
links to various external websites. The University is not responsible for the privacy
and security practices or the content of external websites.
B.  Information Gathered by MTSU.
1.  Personal information provided via email or through other online means will be
used only for purposes necessary to serve the needs of the person providing that information,
such as responding to an inquiry or other request for information. This may involve
redirecting the inquiry or comment to another person or department better suited to
meeting the inquirer’s needs.
2.  MTSU’s website does use server logs to collect information concerning users’ internet
connection and general information about their visit to MTSU’s website. This information
may be used to analyze trends, to create summary statistics for the purpose of determining
technical design specifications, and to identify system performance or problem areas.
This means the University sometimes acquires, records, and analyzes portions of the
data that is entered into, stored on, and/or transmitted through this site by the
user. This information is only released to the extent allowed or required by applicable
law.
3.  Such logging includes, but is not limited to:
a.  Hostname. The hostname and/or IP address of the user/client requesting access.
b.  System date. The date and time of the user/client request.
c.  Full request.  The exact request the user/client made.
d.  Status. The status code the server returned to the user/client.
e.  Content length. The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client.
f.  Method. The request method used.
g.  Universal Resource Identifier (URI). The location of a resource on the server.
h.  Query string of the URI. Anything after the question mark in a URI.
i.  Protocol. The transport protocol and version used.
j.  E-mail address. In some cases, the email address of the intended recipient of
an email may be logged when a link is accessed inside of an email.
C.  Cookies. A cookie file contains unique information that a website can use to track
such things as passwords, pages the users have visited, the date the user last looked
at a specific page, and to identify the user’s session at a particular website. MTSU
does not use cookies to collect any information that could personally identify individual
visitors.
D.  E-Commerce. Some MTSU web sites may enable payment for products or services online
with a credit card or other electronic payment mechanism. Unless otherwise noted,
these transactions are encrypted. It is MTSU’s practice that confidential financial
information will be used only for the purposes described in that transaction unless
an additional use is specifically stated on that site. Data provided specifically
to facilitate credit card or other electronic business transactions are retained only
for a reasonable time to effect the transaction.
E.  Access to Information. Information collected from any MTSU website or social media
group, including summary server log information, emails sent to the website or group,
and information collected from web-based forms, may be subject to state and federal
laws. This means that while MTSU does not actively share information, in some cases
it may be compelled by law to release information gathered from its web servers or
social media groups.
F.  Information Usage. In the course of using the websites or social media groups,
users may choose to provide information to the University via web forms, email, or
other electronic means. Personally identifiable information submitted will be used
only for MTSU-related purposes. MTSU will not sell this data to outside parties. Requests
for information and information submitted via forms on websites or social media groups
will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to those requests and may be
recorded to help MTSU improve its site to better respond to similar requests. MTSU
may use this information in any investigation of a potential violation of MTSU policies
and procedures or as required by federal, state, or local law.
G.  Security. Extensive security measures have been employed to protect against unauthorized
access, disclosure, modification, or destruction of information under the institution's
control, as well as the loss, misuse, or alteration of University websites, social
media sites, and/or associated electronic information resources.
H.  Contractors/Outsourced Development. Any entity contracted to develop or provide
web or social media services is bound by and must follow this policy and Policy 920 Information Security, as well as all applicable University policies, in order to protect personally identifiable
information (PII).
I.  Web Analytics. Some MTSU websites use a third-party web analytics service to collect
information such as URLs, internet domain and host names, browser software, and the
date and time that the site is visited. This information is used to monitor the effectiveness
of the website and to consider potential improvements to the website. The information
is non-personal and is transmitted to and stored by the third party on its servers.
MTSU does not share any specific information about a particular user. More information
on web analytics is available by contacting the Information Technology Division.
V. Additional Privacy-Related Policies
Several current MTSU policies are directly or indirectly related to information privacy
issues, illustrating the nature and complexity of the topic. These include the following:
A. Policy 150 Social Networking and Media
B. Policy 211 Misconduct in Scholarly Activities and Research
C. Policy 402 Protection of Human Subjects in Research
D. Policy 910 Information Technology Resources
E. Policy 920 Information Security
VI. Disciplinary Actions
Employees or students who access files or browse data of others, or access any information
technology resources without authorization, or who engage in the unauthorized dissemination
of information obtained from these resources, may have violated the privacy of others.
If so, such behaviors are subject to disciplinary actions that are in proportion to
the nature of the offense pursuant to institutional policy.
Forms: none.
Revisions: June 5, 2017 (original); September 20, 2019.
Last Reviewed: September 2019.
References: Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974;  American Association
of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers Guidelines; Policies 120 Public Records
– Inspecting and Copying; 129 Records Management and Disposal of Records; 150 Social
Networking and Media; 211 Misconduct in Scholarly Activities and Research; 402 Protection of Human Subjects
in Research; 500 Access to Education Records; 811 Personnel Records; 910 Information Technology Resources; 920 Information Security.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Middle Tennessee State University © 2020
Nondiscrimination Policy
Terms
Last Updated: Sep 10, 2020