https://www.thecowl.com/about-us/privacy-policy
December 11, 2020
Home
About Us
Advertise
Contact
Report Website Issue
Join The Cowl
Meet Our Staff
Privacy Policy
News
Campus
Congress Updates
Features
National and Global News
Arts & Entertainment
Film and Television
Music
Theater
Variety
Opinion
Editorials
Politics
Pop Culture
Tangents
Portfolio
Comics and Drawings
Features
Poetry
Short Fiction
Sports
Athlete of the Week
Friar Sports
PCI
Professional Sports
Photo Gallery
Letters to the Editor
RecentSoulCore Rosary Study Break Tonight @ 7Season of Giving Bingo Tonight @ 9pmVirtual Scavenger Hunt: Christmas Edition - Friday @ 7pmToday we are learning about the Chinese New Year!Undergraduate Research Grants ApplicationsFreshmen: Study Abroad in Spring 2022 with Civ in LondonHoliday Traditions - Kwanzaathecowl TwitterApr 20th - Join us next Wednesday for Kathryn Jean Lopez's talk on Love & Faith in the Time of President Trump. Refreshments w… https://t.co/V267NOQKIpApr
6th - BREAKING NEWS: Providence College 2017 Honorary Degree Recipients Announced
https://t.co/38CdIFBLsaApr
5th - Roy Peter Clark '70 named as 2017 Commencement Speaker
Story found on https://t.co/Tw0m0pDaJq https://t.co/1SGxP80bmaApr
2nd - Class of 2017: Less than 5 days till you find out who your commencement speaker is! Tune in Wednesday morning for t… https://t.co/xWxeRyA5N2Apr
1st - Happy April Fool's Day! Have yourself a good laugh by checking out this year's edition of The Scowl! https://t.co/qPZ5nkUKw8This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Cowl collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the thecowl.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Cowl.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, their name, email address, mailing address, or phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. The User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Cowl may collect and use Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Cowl has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Cowl
thecowl.com
1 Cunningham Square Providence RI, 02917
401-865-2214
editor@thecowl.com
This document was last updated on December 27, 2015
About Us Established in 1935, The Cowl is Providence College’s only student-run newspaper. It boasts six sections and approximately 100 members. Issues are distributed every Thursday evening to roughly 50 locations on and off-campus. High volume areas include the Slavin Center, Phillips Memorial Library, and the Ruane Center.
thecowl InstagramSubscribe
Email
Captcha
Please enter the characters you see in this picture:
Characters
This helps prevent automated form submissions. If you are not sure what the characters are, make your best guess. You will have another try in the next screen.Can't see the image? Click here for an audible version in English.
Need assistance with this form?