https://www.montessorird.com/privacy-policy/
Home
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
About Us
Researchers & Developers
Our Materials
Three-Part Card Rationale
FAQ
Purchasing Methods
Shipping & Returns
Copyright & Intellectual Property
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Classroom Materials
Trays & Containers
Teacher Manuals
Books
Our Teacher Manuals
Blog
Gift Certificates
PRIVACY POLICY
Montessori Research & Development, LLC ("Montessori Research & Development", "us" or "we") is the operator and host of the www.montessorird.com web site ("Web Site"), and is the owner of the content displayed on the Web Site. Montessori Research & Development respects your privacy and has adopted this policy ("Policy") to inform you of your rights and obligations when using the Web Site. By using the Web Site, you are agreeing to the terms contained in this Policy. Please note that this Policy may change from time to time by posting to the Web Site. It is your obligation to review this Policy again when updates are posted on the Web Site, and by continuing to use the Web Site you agree to this Policy and any updates. This policy notifies you of:
what personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through our Web site, the organization collecting the information, how the information is used, with whom the information may be shared, what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information, the kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, deletion, alteration, use or disclosure of information you provide to us, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information you provide to us.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us. For contact information, click here. If you would like to contact us regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us or contact us at:
Montessori Research & Development
101 Callan Avenue, Suite 408
San Leandro, CA 94578
(510) 667-1035
privacypolicy@montessorird.com
SCOPE OF POLICY
This policy applies to Montessori Research & Development's treatment of personally identifiable information that Montessori Research & Development collects through the Web Site. The policy does not apply to practices of companies whose sites may be linked to the Web Site. For access to the privacy policies of such linked sites please refer to the information provided by such sites at their home pages. Also see the paragraph below under the heading "Hypertext Links".
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Montessori Research & Development collects personally identifiable information when you request information from Montessori Research & Development or purchase merchandise through the Web Site. When you make an online purchase Montessori Research & Development may ask for your name, email address, zip code and personal information. Montessori Research & Development also receives and records information from server logs from your browser including cookie information. Montessori Research & Development does not seek to collect such information from persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any such information to us. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 18 who has provided such information to us, please inform us (through the Web site or telephone number listed above) and we will remove such information from our database as described further below. In addition, no person (of any age) is required to provide us with the personally identifiable information we request. If you do not wish to provide such information, you are free not to do so. Your provision of requested information to us through our Web site or other means is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. If, after submitting personally identifiable information to us, you wish to "opt-out," please contact us as noted above and we will remove your information from our database as set forth below in the section titled "Managing Your Information." Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your information. Montessori Research & Development uses the information you provide to us to customize advertising and content that we present to you, to contact you concerning specials and new products and to enhance our product offerings. Montessori Research & Development will not share, sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party except when:
Montessori Research & Development must share the information in order to provide a product or service that you have requested, in which case we will demand that any third party we use to fulfill your order agree that it does not have the right to use the personally identifiable information other than to fulfill your request; or Montessori Research & Development is required to respond to subpoena, court orders or other legal process requiring such disclosure.
USE OF COOKIES
Montessori Research & Development uses cookies to enhance the interactive nature of your Internet experience and to provide a convenient feature to save you time. Cookies enable Montessori Research & Development to quickly retrieve specific information from previous visits and to recall features that you may have customized on your browser.
MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
You are entitled to request access to and correction of all your personal data collected by us via this Web site, as well as to require us to delete your data if you no longer want us to process it. You can make such a request or a related inquiry by contacting us. For contact information, click here. Please note that there may be a small charge for making an access request or it may be free, depending on the circumstances. You can find out more details by emailing or calling us as provided above. We will keep your data as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Statement. You may choose not to receive unsolicited marketing material from Montessori Research & Development and you have the right to request deletion of your Montessori Research & Development account information, subject to Montessori Research & Development's need to keep appropriate archives of its business operations.
SECURITY
Montessori Research & Development employs procedural and technical safeguards to secure your personal information against loss, theft, alteration, and unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Any information you enter on our accounts setup page is encrypted before transmission. You can safely enter your credit card and personal registration information and it cannot be read in transit to our server. Montessori Research & Development employs reasonable measures to maintain all personally identifiable information provided by you on computer servers in a controlled and secured environment in an effort to hinder unauthorized access, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of such information. However, the nature of the Internet is such that information may be transmitted over networks without appropriate security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY
Montessori Research & Development may make modifications or amendments to this policy from time to time. If this alter how Montessori Research & Development gathers, processes, uses or discloses your personally identifiable information, Montessori Research & Development will post such changes on our site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Montessori Research & Development owns all copyrightable subject matter on this Web site and all trademarks, proprietary information, products, or other proprietary rights . None of these rights is conferred upon you. In addition, direct linking, deep linking, framing, page-jacking, metatagging, and using a robot, spider, or automated device of any kind to monitor or copy our Web site is strictly prohibited. Except where expressly noted, no other permission is granted to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained on this site. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Any copy made by you as permitted above must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other Web site or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited.
HYPERTEXT LINKS
This site may contains hypertext links to sites that are not created or maintained by Montessori Research & Development. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Web site and not to any of these third party Web sites. Montessori Research & Development is not responsible for the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of those third party sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Montessori Research & Development of the site. Montessori Research & Development disclaims any liability for links (1) from another Web site to judithleiber.com and (2) to another Web site from montessorird.com. Montessori Research & Development cannot guarantee the standards of any Web site to which links are provided on this site nor shall Montessori Research & Development be held responsible for the contents of non- Montessori Research & Development sites, or any subsequent links. For this reason, Montessori Research & Development does not represent or warrant that the contents of any third party Web site is accurate, compliant with state or federal law, or compliant with copyright or other intellectual property laws. Montessori Research & Development does not endorse the contents of these third party Web sites in any way. Any reliance on the contents of a third party Web site is done at your own risk and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance.
LIMITATION OF WARRANTY
While Montessori Research & Development attempts to ensure the accuracy of the information displayed on the Web Site, the correctness, completeness or accuracy of such information is not warranted and is provided "AS IS". Your sole remedy in the event of any incorrect information is to return the product purchased in accordance with the return policy for the Web Site. In addition to the foregoing, except as indicated otherwise on the Web Site, all products purchased on the Web Site are sold without warranty and "AS IS." Montessori Research & Development disclaims any and all express or implied warranties with respect to any products sold on the Web Site, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
MONTESSORI RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, BUSINESS OR DATA) ARISING OUT OF THIS POLICY OR USE OF THIS WEB SITE.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy and any legal action to enforce this Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and shall be venued in the State or federal courts located in the State of California. By using this Web Site you agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of the State of California.
×
OK