https://www.usg.edu/policies/
skip to main content
×
SITES A-Z
About USG
University System of Georgia
Board of Regents
Chancellor
Divisions
Academic Affairs
Administration
Economic Development
Government Affairs
Internal Audit
Strategy & Fiscal Affairs
Policies
Faculty and Staff
Employment
Staff Directory
Contact Us
Location
Procurement
Our Institutions
Map and Information
Institutional Directories
Students
Student Outcomes
Current Students
International Students
Online Students
Prospective Students
Veterans and Service Members
News & Reports
Initiatives & Priorities
Momentum Year
Complete College Georgia
College 2025
Know More. Borrow Less.
Comprehensive Administrative Review
Redesigned General Education
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on LinkedIn
Visit us on Instagram
GIVE
UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA
This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy at https://www.usg.edu/siteinfo/web_privacy_policy. Questions, please email dataprivacy@usg.edu.
OK
Policies
for the University System of Georgia
University System of Georgia Policies
Board of Regents Policy Manual
Complete and official body of policies for the governance and operation of the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia.
Academic & Student Affairs Handbook
Policies and procedures that affect the day-to-day operation of the office of the chief academic officer of University System of Georgia institutions.
Building Project Procedures Manual
This manual defines the process by which facilities projects in the University System of Georgia are initiated, funded, planned, designed, bid and constructed.
Business Procedures Manual
Sets forth essential procedural components USG institutions must follow to meet Board of Regents policy mandates and the statutory or regulatory requirements of the state of Georgia and the federal government; provides new financial, business and human resources professionals in the USG the necessary information and tools to perform effectively.
Continuing Education Guidelines
Administrative Committee on Public Service and Continuing Education.
Copyright Policy
The University System of Georgia facilitates compliance with copyright law and, where appropriate, the exercise in good faith of full fair use rights by faculty and staff in teaching, research, and service activities.
Data Privacy Policy and Legal Notice (Policy includes general data protection regulation GDPR)
This Privacy Policy sets forth the USG’s policy and legal notice with respect to the gathering and dissemination of information the USG obtains from visitors on the USG’s website and with respect to compliance (where applicable) with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (or “EU GDPR”).
Ethics & Compliance Program
The Program is intended to assist the Board, the Chancellor, and institution management in the discharge of their compliance oversight responsibilities.
Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual
Defines those policies and procedures that affect and apply to the various types of employees in the University System of Georgia.
Information Technology (IT) Handbook
Sets forth the essential requirements, recommendations, procedures, guidelines, and practices that all USG institutions and organizations must follow for the acquisition, development, planning, design, construction/renovation, management, and operation of USG technology facilities and systems to meet Board of Regents policy mandates, statutory or regulatory requirements of the state of Georgia and the federal government, and best IT practices.
Records Management and Archives
Records retention guidelines for the University System of Georgia.
Special Institutional Fee Resolution
Defines the application and purpose of the special institution fee.
State of Georgia Construction Manual (external link)
Best practices for planning, designing, building, delivering, and receiving facilities for use by Georgia state entities. Co-developed by the USG’s Office of Real Estate and Facilities.
Search All Policies and Procedures
NOTE: Searches may be conducted for phrases by using "quotation marks." Please note that the State of Georgia Construction Manual is not currently available in the meta search.
USG SITES A-Z
15 to Finish
Academic Affairs and Policy
Academic & Student Affairs Handbook
Academic Common Market
Academic Programs
Advisory Committees
Affordable Learning Georgia
African-American Male Initiative
Board of Regents
Board of Regents Policy Manual
Branding Guidelines
Business Procedures Manual
Campus Consolidations
Center for Leadership Excellence
Chancellor's Office
Communications
Community Relations
Comprehensive Administrative Review
Curriculum
Cybersecurity
Data Services
Economic Development
Faculty Affairs
Faculty Council
Faculty Development
Fiscal Affairs
GAtracs
Georgia Archives
Georgia Film Academy
GeorgiaBEST
GeorgiaFIRST
Georgia E-rate Services
Georgia ONmyLINE
GeorgiaVIEW
Georgia WebMBA
GIL Users Group Meeting
Governmental Affairs
Human Resources
Information Officers Council
Information Technology Handbook
Information Technology Services
Institutions
Internal Audit
International Education
ITS Customer Services
Legal Affairs
Newsroom
Organizational Effectiveness
PeachNet
Policies and Reports
Procurement
Real Estate and Facilities
Records Management
Research and Policy Analysis
Safety and Security
Service Excellence
Shared Services Center
Staff Council
Strategic Academic Initiatives
Student Affairs
Tobacco Free
University System of Georgia
USG Diversity Summit
USG Faculty and Staff Portal
USG Foundation
USG Services Status
USG Technology Store
Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship
Well-being
×