http://www.strayer.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main
section
View our commitment to accessibility
Academic Programs
Academic Programs
By Degree Level
Academic Programs
Strayer University - Accredited Online & On-Campus Degrees
Academic Programs
Bachelor's Degrees
Academic Programs
Bachelor's Degrees
Accounting
Applied Science in Management
Business Administration
Business Administration
By Degree Level
Business Administration
Bachelor's Degrees
Business Administration
Accounting
Acquisition and Contract Management
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Health Service Administration
Hospitality & Tourism Management
Human Resource Management
Joe Gibbs Performance Management
Management
Marketing
Project Management
Retail Management
Social Media Marketing
Close
Criminal Justice
Criminal Justice
By Degree Level
Criminal Justice
Bachelor's Degrees
Criminal Justice
Computer Forensics
Crime & Criminal Behavior
Criminal Justice Administration
Homeland Security & Emergency Management
Probation & Parole
Close
Information Technology
Information Technology
By Degree Level
Information Technology
Bachelor's Degrees
Information Technology
Cybersecurity
Data Analytics
Data Management
IT Project Management
Networking
Software Development
Close
Explore Bachelor's Programs
Close
Master's Degrees
Academic Programs
Master's Degrees
Accounting
Accounting
By Degree Level
Accounting
Master's Degrees
Accounting
Corporate Accounting
Forensics Accounting
International Accounting
Public Accounting
Taxation
Close
Business Administration (MBA)
Business Administration (MBA)
By Degree Level
Business Administration (MBA)
Master's Degrees
Business Administration (MBA)
Accounting
Acquisition
Business Data
Digital Entrepreneurship
Finance
Global Management
Health Services Administration
Human Resource Management
IT Security Management
Management
Marketing
Professional Studies
Project Management
Public Administration
Sales
Close
Education
Education
By Degree Level
Education
Master's Degrees
Education
Adult Education & Development
Curriculum, Instruction & Assessment
Instructional Technology
Teacher Leadership
Close
Health Services Administration
Health Services Administration
By Degree Level
Health Services Administration
Master's Degrees
Health Services Administration
Clinical Care Management
Public Health Management
Close
Human Resource Management
Human Resource Management
By Degree Level
Human Resource Management
Master's Degrees
Human Resource Management
Human Resource Generalist
Human Resource Organizational Development
Close
Information Assurance
Jack Welch Management Institute MBA
Information Systems
Information Systems
By Degree Level
Information Systems
Master's Degrees
Information Systems
Computer Forensic Management
Computer Security Management
Information Systems Management
IT Project Management
Enterprise Network Management
Software Engineering Management
Close
Management
Management
By Degree Level
Management
Master's Degrees
Management
Leadership
Marketing Management
Project Management
Close
Public Administration
Information Security
and Assurance
Explore Master's Programs
Close
Associate Degrees
Academic Programs
Associate Degrees
Accounting
Acquisition and Contract Management
Business Administration
Information Systems
Information Technology
Marketing
Explore Associate's Programs
Close
Certificates
Academic Programs
Certificates
Devmountain: IOS Development Bootcamp
Devmountain: Software QA Bootcamp
Devmountain: UX Design Bootcamp
Devmountain: Web Development Bootcamp
Diploma in Acquisition & Contract Management
Grad Cert in Digital Entrepreneurship
Grad Cert in Entrepreneurial Leadership
Grad Cert in Finance & Accounting
Grad Cert in Joe Gibbs Performance Management
Grad Cert in Marketing & Branding for Entrepreneurs
Jack Welch (JWMI) Graduate Certificates
Jack Welch (JWMI) Executive Certificates
Explore Certificates
Close
View All Programs
Close
Student Experience
Student Experience
MODERN EDUCATION
Online Experience
On-Campus Services
Video Learning
Support
10 Essential Skills
STRAYER UNIVERSITY
About Strayer
Accreditation
Strayer Blog
Bachelor's Laptop Offer
Close
Tuition & Aid
Tuition & Aid
COST OF YOUR DEGREE
Tuition & Fees
Calculate Cost
PAYING FOR YOUR DEGREE
Financial Planning Checklist
Scholarships & Discounts
Other Ways to Earn Credit
Financial Aid
Get Your Personalized Plan
Close
Admissions
Admissions
GETTING STARTED
How to Apply
Admission Requirements
International Students
Transfer Credits
Military Assistance
Apply now
Close
Locations
iCampus
Apply Now
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
**This Policy Has Been Modified**
Last Revised: January 1, 2020
Scope of This Policy
Strategic Education, Inc. is the parent company of Capella Education
Company, Capella University, LLC, Strayer University, LLC, Hackbright
Academy, Inc., Sophia Learning, LLC, Capella Learning Solutions, LLC,
and Workforce Edge, LLC.  Students and learners from each of these
institutions shall be referred to collectively as “students.”
Strategic Education, Inc. or one of its wholly owned subsidiaries
(collectively, “SEI”) owns and operates this website. This Policy
governs how we process information—including Personal
Information—collected through any SEI-owned website that displays a
link to our Privacy Policy (collectively, “our Sites”).  Except as
otherwise specified within this Policy, this Policy does not apply to
information collected offline, such as in person, on paper, or by
phone. It also does not apply to any website that does not contain a
link to our Privacy Policy, even if SEI owns that site.
If you are a student (or are applying to become a student) at an
educational institution that is wholly owned by SEI and your education
records are protected under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy
Act (“FERPA”), then provisions of FERPA and the institution’s FERPA
policy supersede and govern over any contrary provisions in this
Privacy Policy. To learn more about FERPA, click here for the Capella University
FERPA policy, or click here for the Strayer University FERPA policy.
Your Consent to This Policy
By using our Sites, you are consenting to the collection, use, and
transfer of your information, including Personal Information, as
described in this Privacy Policy (and any relevant Privacy Notice or
Country-Specific Notice). If you do not consent to the collection, use
and transfer of your information as described in this Privacy Policy
(and any relevant Privacy Notice or Country-Specific Notice), you may
not use our Sites.
Definitions
The terms “SEI,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” refer collectively to Strategic Education, Inc. and its
wholly owned subsidiaries.
The term “Personal Information” refers to information that
identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other
information available to us.
The term “Policy” refers to this Online Privacy Policy.
The term “our Sites” refers collectively to the websites
owned by SEI that display a link to this Privacy Policy.
The terms “User Generated Content” and “UGC” refer
all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sounds,
video and audio-video clips, and other content you and others post on
or through our Sites and that does not constitute “Feedback” (as that
term is defined in our Terms of Use).
Privacy Notices
Where additional information is needed to explain our privacy
practices on a certain Site, we may post a supplemental privacy
notice. Particular pages of a Site may also contain supplemental
privacy notices providing more details about the information we
collect on those pages. These additional notices are collectively
referred to as “Privacy Notices” and are part of this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Notices may advise you that different policies and practices
apply to the information collected through those pages, in which case
those different policies and practices will supersede this Privacy Policy.
Country-Specific Notices
Privacy requirements vary from country to country. To meet these
requirements, we may include certain “Country-Specific Notices” as
part of this Privacy Policy. If any of the terms of a Country-Specific
Notice are different than the general terms of this Privacy Policy,
the terms of the Country-Specific Notice will supplement or amend this
Privacy Policy, but only to the extent that the laws of that country
apply to the collection of information through our Sites.
This Privacy Policy is Part of Our Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy is referenced in and is an integral part of the
Terms of Use governing
your use of our Sites. Please take a few minutes to review our Terms
of Use, if you have not already done so.
This Privacy Policy May Change
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy and any
Privacy Notice or Country-Specific Notice, at any time and without
prior notice, by posting the revised version at our Privacy Policy. If
we modify this Privacy Policy or any Privacy Notice or
Country-Specific Notice, the modifications will only apply to the
information we collect after we have posted the revised version.
Your use of our Sites following any such change constitutes your
agreement that all information collected from or about you after the
revised version is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised
version. You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at
any time by clicking on the “Privacy” link at the bottom of each page
of the Sites governed by this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, for example, because of changes in the law or
technology or the way we operate our business, we may ask your
permission to use the information we have collected from you in the
past in new or different ways. We will do this by sending you a notice
by e-mail or postal mail at the last e-mail or postal address you
provided to us, asking you to agree to the change. If you do not agree
to the change in the manner prescribed by applicable law, we may, at
our discretion, delete all or some of your information from our
databases to avoid using it in ways to which you have not consented.
Your Choices
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect,
use, and share your information. We generally ask you to indicate your
choices at the time and on the page where you provide your
information. Depending on the nature of your choices and applicable
law, we may also give you ways to change your privacy preferences.
If we provide a means for you to change your privacy preferences,
you must give us enough information and a reasonable amount of time to
process your request. Your new preferences will only apply
prospectively. For example, if you give us permission to share your
information with our affiliates and later withdraw your permission,
you may still receive e-mail from one of our affiliates, if we shared
your information before you withdrew your permission.
In addition, you have choices about the types of email
communications you receive and the manner in which your online
activities are tracked:
Email preferences: You cannot opt out of transactional emails
related, for example, to your enrollment or tuition. However, you can
opt out of promotional emails we send to you. If you wish to stop
receiving promotional emails, simply click on the unsubscribe link
located at the bottom of each communication.
Online tracking and third-party cookies: California law
requires this Policy to address how we respond to any “Do-Not-Track
signal” delivered by your browser. Because of the changing state of
technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of
Do-Not-Track signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we
will honor them. However, as described below, you can opt out of
cookies delivered to your computer by SEI or third parties.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
The categories of information we collect through our Sites are
listed below. We generally use the information we collect for the
following purposes:
To provide educational services;
To provide the information, products and services you
request; To provide you with effective customer service;
To provide you with a personalized experience when you use our
Sites; To contact you with information and notices related to
your use of our Sites; To contact you with special offers
and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in
accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to
us); To invite you to participate in surveys and provide
Feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have
expressed to us); To improve the content, functionality and
usability of our Sites; To better understand your needs and
interests; To improve our products and services; To
improve our marketing and promotional efforts; For
security, credit or fraud prevention purposes; and For any
other purpose identified in an applicable Privacy Notice,
click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
Information You Manually Provide. SEI collects the
information you manually provide (using your mouse, keyboard, or
touchscreen) when you use one of our Sites. The information we collect
depends on how you use our Sites, but, in many cases, it will be
Personal Information. For example, if you submit an application, we
collect the information you provide as part of the online application
process. Likewise, we collect the information you provide when you
create an account, post User-Generated Content, or contact us with
questions or comments.
Information Others Provide. Others may also post information
about you, primarily (but not exclusively) as User-Generated Content.
For example, if you attend a graduation ceremony, someone may post
photographs of you and others that he/she took at the ceremony. All
postings must comply with the requirements for User-Generated Content
as set forth in our Terms of use.
Information From Third-Party Social Media Platforms. You may
be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on our
Sites by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields
with information you previously provided to a third-party social media
platform (such as Facebook or Twitter). By doing this, you are asking
the third-party platform to send us information, including Personal
Information, from your profile on that platform. We treat that
information as we do any other information you give to us when you
register, log on, or enhance your profile.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect
information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser or
mobile device. This information typically includes your IP address,
the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of
your browser, the date and time of your visit, the website you were
visiting before you visited one of our Sites, and the pages on our
Sites you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what
information your browser sends or how to change your settings. This
information does not identify you personally. However, we may link
information sent by your browser to information that identifies you
personally. For example, if you have created a user identity by
signing up to use a password-protected area of our Sites, we may link
your IP address to information that identifies you personally.
Cookies and Other Technologies. We use “cookies” and other
Web technologies to collect information and support certain features
of our Sites. For example, we may use cookies to:
Collect information about the ways
visitors use our Sites—which pages they visit, which links they use,
and how long they stay on each page; Support the features
and functionality of our Sites—for example, to save you the trouble
of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the
settings you established on previous visits; Personalize
your experience when you use our Sites; and Improve our
marketing efforts, including through use of targeted
advertising.
Information collected by cookies does not identify you personally.
However, we may link information collected by cookies to information
that identifies you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies,
you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a
cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to
accept cookies when you visit our Sites, you may be unable to use all
of the functionality of our Sites if your browser rejects our cookies.
In fact, if you are a SEI student, you may not be able to fulfill
course requirements if you set your browser to reject cookies.
How We Share Your Information
With Third-Party Service Providers. We may share
information collected through our Sites with third parties that
perform certain functions on our behalf. For example, we may share
information with companies that provide support services to us or that
help us improve and/or market our products and services (such as
third-party advertising companies). These service providers are
permitted to use any Personal Information we provide to them only to
perform services on our behalf and must treat it as strictly confidential.
With Other Users of Our Sites. Information contained in
certain user-generated content you post on this Site—such as UGC you
post for social networking purposes—can be read, collected, or used by
others. In addition, unless prohibited by FERPA or other applicable
law, we may use UGC you submit for advertising campaigns and other
promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such
use, and we may or may not seek your further consent before using the
content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation
of privacy with respect to UGC you submit on or through our Sites.
If, at any time, you wish us to remove UGC that you posted, please
Contact Us at the information below. Although we do not promise to
remove UGC simply because we receive a request to do so, we will
consider reasonable requests and will remove UGC when applicable law
requires us to do so. Please be aware, however, that if the UGC has
already been distributed to other websites or published in other
media, we will not be able to recapture and delete it.
Within the SEI Family of Businesses. When you upload
information to one of our Sites, the owner of that Site may share your
information with other members of the SEI Family of Businesses. Before
doing so, however, the owner of the Site may offer you the opportunity
to "opt out" or "opt in," as required by
applicable law. Every member of the SEI Family of Businesses is
required to handle information collected through our Sites in
accordance with this Policy and the privacy preferences you have
expressed to us.
With Third-Party Social Media Platforms. We may provide
functionality on our Sites that allows you to automatically post
information to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook,
Twitter, or Pinterest). If you choose to take advantage of this
functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party
platform will be able to see your post. Thus, you should have no
expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to
link your profile on our Sites with an account on a third-party social
media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that
third-party platform. We may also use third-party social media
platforms to offer you interest-based ads. To offer such ads, we may
convert your email address into a unique value which can be matched by
our partner company with a user on their platform. Although we do not
provide any personal information to these platform vendors, they may
gain insights about individuals who respond to the ads we serve.
With Other, Carefully Selected Business Partners.
From time to time, we may share your information with selected third
parties for their own marketing purposes. For example, we may partner
with third parties to sponsor contests or other promotions, and we may
share with these third parties the information you submit to us to
participate in the contest or take advantage of the promotion. Before
doing so, however, we may offer you the opportunity to “opt out” or
“opt in,” as required by applicable law.
In Aggregate or De-Identified form. We use information
collected through our Sites to create a compiled, aggregate view of
usage patterns. We may share aggregate information with third parties
so they can better understand our user base. We may also share with
third parties information about how particular individuals use our
Sites, but only on a de-identified basis (“Individualized Data”).
Individualized Data is not personally identifiable, but it does
reflect the usage patterns of a particular individual, as opposed to
site users collectively. We may provide basic demographic information
(gender and age) in conjunction with providing Individualized Data.
Third parties typically use this information for analytical purposes
and to market their own products and services. It is possible that
third parties will attempt to “re-identify” de-identified data, and
you should know that this is possible using external points of reference.
As Part of a Business Transfer. Your information may be
transferred in connection with a corporate sale, purchase, merger,
reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or similar event. If such a
transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information
will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you
have expressed to us.
To Comply with Laws and Protect Our Rights and the Rights of
Others. We may disclose your information when we, in good faith,
believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the reporting
requirements of accrediting bodies or the U.S. Department of Education
or to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also
disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime,
such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of our Sites;
to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to
protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety
of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice or Country-Specific Notice.
We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any
Privacy Notice or Country-Specific Notice posted on a page of our
Sites where you provide that information. By providing your
information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of
your information as described in the notice. We also reserve the right
to disclose your information as described in any click-through
agreement to which you have agreed.
How We Protect Your Information
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological
measures to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal
Information you submit on or through our Sites. Unfortunately, no
website, server or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” We
therefore cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be
disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of
others. Further, we cannot control dissemination of personal
information you post on or through our Sites using any social
networking tools we may provide, and you should have no expectation of
privacy in such information.
Online Courseroom
Content You Submit to Courseroom. As a SEI online student,
you will be expected to generate original content and submit that
content for evaluation by your instructor through an online
courseroom. The assignments you submit may be accessible to your
classmates. For example, a particular course may require you to
interact with your classmates through a discussion board in the
courseroom, and your instructor may grade you on your participation.
You should understand that if you post content in the courseroom in a
manner accessible to your classmates, it may be more widely
disseminated.  For example, one of your classmates could re-post that
content to another Web site.
As on any of our Sites, the content you submit to the courseroom
must comply with our Terms of Use and with any other applicable
policies, such as the student code of conduct.
SEI’s Use of Content You Submit to Courseroom. SEI uses the
content you submit to the courseroom primarily to evaluate your
performance in a particular course and to assign you a grade. In
addition, feedback you submit during the course and the instructor
evaluation you submit at the end of a course may be used to improve
the course and other SEI products, programs and services. SEI may also
use information available through the courseroom for academic advising
purposes and may contact you about services and products that may be
of interest to you. For example, if you perform poorly in a particular
course, SEI may use information available through the courseroom to
identify a remediation course that may improve your performance, and
it may contact you about enrolling in that course. However, SEI will
not use in any public advertising or promotional campaign content you
post to the courseroom solely for purposes of fulfilling a course requirement.
A Note On Children’s Privacy
SEI does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children
under the age of thirteen through our Sites. If you are under
thirteen, please do not give us any information that identifies you
personally. If you have reason to believe that your child has provided
Personal Information to us through our Sites, please contact us, and
we will use reasonable efforts to delete that information from our databases.
Your California Privacy Rights
Last Updated:  January 1, 2020
Introduction
If you are a California user, you have certain rights with respect
to the collection, use, transfer, and processing of your “personal
information,” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”).  The rights set forth in this section also apply to any
information collected offline.  We reserve the right to limit these
rights where permitted under applicable law, including where your
identity cannot be reasonably verified or to the extent your rights
adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.  To exercise any
of the rights below, please contact us via the contact information
below.  Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary
of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a
verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
In the previous 12 months, SEI has collected the following
categories of Personal Information:
A.    Identifiers
B.     Personal Information (Categories of Personal
Information are as defined in Cal. Civ. Code. § 1798.140(o))
C.    Protected Classification Characteristics Under
California or Federal Law
D.    Commercial Information
E.     Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
F.     Geolocation Data
G.    Sensory Data
H.    Professional or Employment-Related Information
I.       Non-Public Education Information
J.      Inferences Drawn of the Consumer
Sources From Which Personal Information Is Collected
We collect your personal information in categories A (identifiers),
B (personal), C (protected classifications), G (sensory data), H
(employment), and I (educational) directly from you.  We collect the
personal information in category D (commercial) by keeping a log of
your transactions.  We collect the personal information in categories
E (internet and other electronic network activity), F (geolocation), I
(educational) and J (inferences) based on your interactions with our
website and mobile apps.  We collect the personal information in
categories B (personal), E (internet and other electronic network
activity), and I (educational) from third party vendors or public sources.
Business or Commercial Purposes for Which Personal
Information Is Collected
Your Personal Information is used for
the following purposes: To provide educational
services; To provide the information, products and services
you request; To provide you with effective customer
service; To provide you with a personalized experience when
you use our Sites; To contact you with information and
notices related to your use of our Sites; To contact you
with special offers and other information we believe will be of
interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have
expressed to us); To invite you to participate in surveys
and provide Feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy
preferences you have expressed to us); To improve the
content, functionality and usability of our Sites; To
better understand your needs and interests; To improve our
products and services; To improve our marketing and
promotional efforts; For security, credit or fraud
prevention purposes; and For any other purpose identified
in an applicable Privacy Notice, click-through agreement or other
agreement between you and us.
Third Parties With Whom Personal Information Is Shared
SEI shares your Personal Information with analytics and service
providers, benefits providers, transaction processors, and law
enforcement (if necessary). In certain circumstances, we may also
share our Personal Information with other users of our sites, within
the SEI family of businesses, with third-party social media platforms,
with other carefully selected business partners, in aggregate or
de-identified form, or as part of a business transfer.
In the preceding 12 months, we have
disclosed the following Personal Information about consumers for
business purposes, including: We share information
collected through our Sites with third parties that perform certain
functions on our behalf. We share content posted on our
social media platforms (e.g., if a consumer “comments” on a
story) with other consumers. We allow certain
companies to use cookies, web beacons, or other online tracking
devices to enhance online experiences and customize advertising.
For more information, please see the “Information Collected
Automatically” and “Your Ad Choices” sections. We
share information collected through our Sites with third parties
that perform certain functions on our behalf. For example, we may
share information with companies that provide support services to us
or that help us improve and/or market our products and services
(such as third-party advertising companies). We
share information contained in certain user-generated content you
post on this Site—such as UGC you post for social networking
purposes—which can be read, collected, or used by others. In
addition, we use UGC you submit for advertising campaigns and other
promotions. We share information with other members
of the SEI Family of Businesses, subject to this Policy and the
privacy preferences you have expressed to us. We
share information you elect to share to third-party social media
platforms, as well as information contained in your social media
profile on our Sites and use third-party social media platforms to
offer you interest-based ads. We use information collected
through our Sites to create a compiled, aggregate view of usage
patterns. We share aggregate information with third parties so they
can better understand our user base. We disclose your
information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is
appropriate to comply with the reporting requirements of accrediting
bodies or the U.S. Department of Education or to comply with the
law, a court order or a subpoena. We also disclose your information
to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or
identity theft; to protect the security of our Sites; to enforce or
apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our
own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our
users or others.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal
Information about minors.
In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal
Information about consumers.
Individual Rights
a.       Right to Know About Personal Information Collected,
Disclosed, or Sold
You have the right to request that SEI disclose the Personal
Information it collects, uses, and discloses about you to third
parties.  There are two types of Rights to Know requests that you can make:
1.      Right to Know (Abbreviated Request):  If you
make a Right to Know (Abbreviated Request), you will receive the
following information about you:
a.      Categories of Personal Information collected;
b.      Categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected;
c.      Business purpose for collecting or selling; and
d.      Categories of third parties with whom sold.
2.      Right to Know (Specific Pieces of Information
Request):  If you make a Right to Know (Specific Pieces of
Information Request), you will receive the following information about you:
a.       Specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you.
This information will be provided to you free of charge, unless SEI
determines that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You may request this information twice in a 12-month period.
There are certain exceptions to a consumer’s Right to Know.  SEI
will state in its response if an exception applies.
b.      Right of Deletion
You have the right to request that SEI and our service providers
delete any Personal Information about yourself which SEI has collected
from you upon receipt of a verifiable request.  This right is subject
to certain exceptions.  SEI will state in its response if an exception applies.
c.       Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal
Information by a business subject to certain laws and regulations.
SEI does not, and will not, sell any Personal information of
California consumers.  SEI will update this Privacy Policy and comply
with applicable laws and regulations in the event that it sells
Personal Information of California consumers in the future.
d.      Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for
exercising the privacy rights conferred by California law.  SEI will
not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your privacy
rights by, including, but not limited to: denying goods or services to
you; charging different prices or rates for goods or services,
including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing
penalties; providing a different level of quality of goods or services
to you; or suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate
for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
e.       Submitting Requests
You can submit your request by calling us at
1-844-925-1256 or visiting our request website.  You may
also submit a request via email at Legal@StrategicEd.com.
f.        Verifying Requests
SEI provides California consumers with an online webform to submit
requests.  The webform is accessible here.  As stated in the
webform, SEI must verify that the person requesting information or
deletion is the California consumer about whom the request relates in
order to process the request.  To verify a California consumer’s
identity, we may request up to three pieces of Personal Information
about you when you make a request to compare against our records.  We
may also request that you sign a declaration under the penalty of
perjury from the consumer whose personal information is the subject of
the request.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create
an account with us.  We will only use Personal Information provided in
your request to verify your identity and will delete any information
you provide after processing the request.  SEI reserves the right to
take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of
California consumers where we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent.
g.      Authorized Agents
You may choose a person registered with the California Secretary of
State that you authorize to act on your behalf to submit your requests
(“Authorized Agent”).  If you choose to use an Authorized Agent, SEI
requires that you provide the Authorized Agent with written permission
to allow them to submit your request and that you verify your identity
directly with SEI.  Failure to do so may result in SEI denying your request.
Contact for More Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your California
Privacy Rights under this Privacy Policy, you may contact us in the
following ways:
By e-mail at: Legal@StrategicEd.com
By letter mailed to:
Strategic Education, Inc. Office of the General Counsel
2303 Dulles Station Blvd. Mail Stop 6C Herndon, VA 20171
Links to Third-Party Sites
Some of our Sites link to each other. Our Sites also contain links
to websites that are owned and operated by unrelated
third parties. For example, our Sites may link to government
websites where you can apply for financial aid, as
well as to third-party social networking sites such
as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. In addition, our Sites
contain links to websites operated by third parties
who provide services to SEI. For example, SEI uses a third-party
service provider to process credit card
transactions. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that we
collect through SEI-owned Sites that display a link
to our Privacy Policy. It does not apply to information collected
on any SEI-owned site that does not display a link
to our Privacy Policy. It does not apply to information collected on
the websites of our service providers or other third parties.
When you access a website to which this Privacy Policy does not
apply, please take a few minutes to review the terms of use and
privacy statement posted on that site.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
We strive to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the information
in our databases.
We provide ways for you to access your Personal Information as
required by applicable law, so that you can correct inaccuracies or
update your Personal Information. For example, if you create an
account through one of our Sites, you may log on at any time and
update your profile.
If you cannot access or correct your Personal Information online,
please contact us.
We will respond to reasonable requests within the time limits
established by applicable law or within a reasonable time if no time
limit is established by applicable law. For your protection, we may
ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most
cases, we will provide the access you request and correct or delete
any inaccurate Personal Information you discover. In some cases,
however, we may limit or deny your request if applicable law permits
or requires us to do so. We generally do not charge for this service,
however, we reserve the right to charge a fee as permitted by
applicable law.
Retention of Personal Information
SEI retains the Personal Information collected on our Sites as long
as necessary to provide the services, products, and information you
request or as permitted by applicable law.
Information for Visitors Accessing Our Sites from Outside the
United States
SEI is a U.S. corporation headquartered in the United States. Our
Sites are currently hosted on servers located in the United States,
although we reserve the right to relocate our Sites to other servers
elsewhere in the world. Your Personal Information may be stored on
servers located within the United States or in another country. In
addition, we may transfer your Personal Information to our service
providers and others located in the United States or another country
for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Different countries
have different privacy laws and requirements, and some provide less
legal protection for your Personal Information than others. Please
know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is
collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through
this Privacy Policy, it will be protected by the terms of this Privacy
Policy and any Privacy Notices or other agreements that apply to you.
BY USING OUR SITES, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OR
TO ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS
PRIVACY POLICY.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, United States of America, without regard to
its conflicts of law provisions.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please
e-mail us at
legal@StrategicEd.com or send a letter to:
Strategic Education, Inc. Office of the General Counsel
2303 Dulles Station Blvd. Mail Stop 6C Herndon, VA 20171
FIND A CAMPUS NEAR YOU
877.445.7180
REQUEST INFO
REQUEST INFORMATION
Degree Level Desired
Program of Interest
U.S. Military Affiliation
No
Yes
Do you have transfer credits?
No
Yes
I'm Not Sure
You consent to receive autodialed marketing calls or text messages
from Strayer University and partner school, Capella University, at the
phone number you provided. Consent is not required to purchase goods
or services. You can always call us at 1.866.314.3547.
AGREE & GO
Submitting your information,this may take a few seconds...
Call An Admissions Officer
877.445.7180
ONE MOMENT WHILE WE PROCESS YOUR SUBMISSION ...