http://www.polk-county.net/terms-and-conditions
Coronavirus Update: Daily Polk Infection Statistics (learn more)
×
Skip to Main Content
Polk County Logo in Navigation
Search
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
Residents
Boards and Committees
Commissioners
Directory
Divisions and Programs
Meetings and Agendas
Parks and Recreation
Property Owners and Renters
Public Safety
Who is my Commissioner
Businesses
Boards and Committees
Building Division
Divisions and Programs
Economic Development
Land Development
Long Range Planning
Procurement
Supplier Diversity
Vendor Directory
Vendor Registration
Government
About Polk County
Boards and Committees
Budget and Management Services
Commissioners
County Attorney
County Management
Directory
Holidays
Meetings and Agendas
Ordinances
Organizational Chart
Parking Garage
Polk Charter
Real Estate
Who is my Commissioner
Visitors
Attraction Tickets
Bone Valley ATV Park
History Center
Parking Garage
Parks and Recreation
Polk Nature
Sports Marketing
Things to Do
Tourism
Banner Image of Polk County Landscape
Emergency Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Legal Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of InformationPolk County seeks to provide the most recent and best available information through this website. All information contained or referenced herein, regardless of the form, is provided "as is" without any express or implied warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The materials presented, displayed or referenced at this site are solely for informational purposes only and are subject to being incomplete, outdated, inaccurate or otherwise unreliable and should not be used to satisfy legal or other mandatory obligations. Polk County, its officers, agents, and employees shall not be liable for damages of any kind which are, or may be, incurred by the use or access of any information contained in, or relating to, this World Wide Web site.Legal Disclaimer Regarding Links to Other SitesPolk County has no control over, and shall not be responsible for, the information contained on any site which is linked, referenced or otherwise accessible via this web site. Reference from this web page to any non-governmental entity, product, service or information does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by the County or any of its agencies or employees. In addition, the County does not necessarily endorse the views expressed by such sites, nor does the County warrant the validity of any site's information, the site's security, privacy afforded the viewer, or the sites fitness for any particular purpose.PrivacyAny information provided by you to Polk County, including but not limited to feedback, questions, comments, and suggestions are non-confidential; moreover, such information is a public record subject to public inspection pursuant to law. Polk County has no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and is free to reproduce, use, and disclose the information to others without limitation. Additionally, Polk County is free to use any ideas, concepts, etc. contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever.Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public-records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.CookiesThe Polk County website may use cookies to store information on your hard drive, with your permission, in order to enhance your visit and future visits to our site. Cookies created on your computer by using our web sites do not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your privacy or security.AccessibilityPolk County is committed to providing our citizens, including individuals with disabilities, access to its web-based information and services. We have designed this site for compliance with Priority One of the W3C Guidelines. In addition, we are compliant with guidelines in Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act that are not covered in W3C Priority One. Pages on this site are reviewed and revised to be accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with provisions of Section 508 of the Workforce Investment Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act.SecurityThe security of your online experience is important to us. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology is used in the necessary areas to ensure that any sensitive or financial transaction you submit through our site is secure.
Notice You are being redirected to:
The appearance of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by Polk County of the linked websites, or the information, products, or services contained therein. Other than for authorized activities Polk County does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. All provided links are consistent with the mission of this website. Please let us know about existing external links that you believe are inappropriate.
Continue Go Back