http://www.northcentralcollege.edu/privacy-policy-legal-notice
Skip to main content
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates
This website will regularly be updated with the latest information regarding the College’s response to the global coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak.
< Back
Main Menu
Home
Apply
Visit
Give
Academics
Academics
Programs
Undergraduate
Graduate
Study Abroad
Colleges & Schools
Cardinal Directions
How You Will Learn
Interdisciplinary Connections
First Generation Programs
Honors Program
Graduate's Success
Resources
Undergraduate Request Info
Graduate Request Info
Center for Student Success
Course Catalog
Library
Admissions
Admissions
Applicant Information
Freshman
Transfer
Graduate
International
Veteran
Homeschool
ROTC
ESL
Shimer Great Books School
Admitted Students
Admission Events
Visit Campus
Freshman Visit Days
Transfer Info Sessions
First Generation Student Visits
Fine Arts Auditions
Admitted Student Day
Individual Campus Visit
Small Group Saturday
Financial Aid Night
College Fairs
Shimer Events
Montaigne Scholarship Events
High School Spring Break
Application Resources
How to Apply
Pay Your Deposit
Undergraduate Request Info
Graduate Request Info
Freshman Admissions Counselors
Transfer Admissions Counselors
Transfer from Community Colleges
Readmission
Non-Degree Applicants
First Generation Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Student Experience
Student Experience
Student Life
Explore Housing
Dining Services
Faith & Action
Center for Social Impact
Cardinal First
Activities
Clubs & Activities
Naperville is Home
Visit Chicago
Multicultural Affairs
Recreation & Fitness
Campus Resources
Office of Student Affairs
International Student Services
Finding a Job
Wellness
Campus Safety
Tuition & Aid
Tuition & Aid
Tuition & Aid
Applying for Aid
Cost of Attendance
Undergraduate Aid
Scholarship Opportunities
Grants for Undergraduates
Graduate Aid and Costs
Get Help
First Generation Students
Tuition Payment Plans
Talk to Financial Aid
Loans
Resources
Financial Aid Forms
Policies
International Students
Pay Your Deposit
Undergraduate Request Info
Graduate Request Info
The College
The College
North Central College
Campus Store
Exceed Your Personal Best
Student Stories
A Brilliant Future
Academic Affairs
Social Media
Donate
About Us
Leadership
Trustees
Strategic Plan
Diversity & Inclusion
Transparency
Sustainability
Corporate Engagement
More Information
Directions
Campus Map
Where to Stay
Title IX
Student Disability Services
Camps & Workshops
Hire Our Students
Explore Naperville
Careers
Utility Menu
Calendar
Athletics
Fine Arts
Faculty & Staff
Newsroom
Search
Explore Majors & Programs! Take a look at our Program Finder to see details on each program we offer. Use the filter on the right, or click the program box and select 'View Program' for more information.
Click the link below to get started!Explore Programs
Privacy Policy & Legal Notice
The information on this page is written to explain to our website visitors how we collect information and protect your personal privacy as you interact with North Central College (“NC,” “North Central,” or "the College") on the internet. We reserve the right to modify our policy at any time without any further notice and by using this website you agree to accept any changes that we make to this policy.
Background
NC maintains its website to support its mission and to provide information about the College, its policies, campus facilities, and educational and other programs. NC hopes this information is helpful and easy to use.
NC is mindful that internet browsers are sensitive to issues of privacy, and NC will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information users provide to NC. The information provided by users will only be used for internal NC purposes.
NC makes efforts to ensure that its privacy policies and the applicable federal and state government policies are followed.  Information submitted on the website is maintained in a secure and confidential manner.
Access to this website is monitored. The requesting URLs, the device originating the request, and the time of the request are logged for access statistics and security purposes. Use of this website constitutes consent to both the monitoring, and the collection of such information.
The data that we collect
Personally identifiable information
Any information that a user voluntarily submits through forms or other direct interactions with the College, including a user’s name, address, contact and other information may be stored and used to personalize the interactions with the College. NC will not share this information with third-parties for non-College business purposes and NC does not store data such as credit card or social security numbers on the website.
Non-personally identifiable information
Non-personally identifiable information refers to any data that NC collected based on aggregate browsing habits of our website visitors and device-specific data (i.e., a user’s web browser or IP address). NC does not associate personally identifiable information with this data.
IP (internet protocol) address
NC collects the IP address of any device that accesses its website, but the IP address is not linked to any personally identifiable information. NC uses IP addresses to analyze broad trends for user behavior and troubleshoot issues on its server so that it can improve the website.
Cookies
Cookies are data tokens that are saved in a user’s browser when a user interacts with NC’s website. This data provides the College information about your browsing habits, allowing NC to personalize a user’s experience on NC’s website. Cookies may be disabled by the user by changing the user’s browser settings.
Advertising and third-party services
NC works with external third-party services to place ads that maybe seen on other websites, such as Facebook or Google. These third-party services use non-personalized data that is collected about a user’s browsing habits (for example the pages accessed and the links clicked) on our website in order to personalize your ad experience on other websites.
More information about how to opt-out of third-party ad tracking is available:
http://www.aboutads.info/
Advertising opt-out
A user may manage the ads and privacy settings that are seen on Google at:
https://privacy.google.com
A user may also opt-out of any email communications from NC by following the instructions in the emails received from NC.
Social media
North Central College collects data about social media users who interact with its Facebook and Twitter pages. For more information on how to view a user’s rights and to change a user’s privacy settings, please visit the following links:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
https://twitter.com/privacy
Security
The North Central College website (northcentralcollege.edu) is hosted in partnership with Pantheon.
Read about their commitment to security at (https://pantheon.io/security)
Contact info
Questions about NC’s privacy policy can be sent to:
North Central College
30 N. Brainard St.
Naperville, IL 60540
Attn: Adam Fontana
or
websites@noctrl.edu
Disclaimer of liability
North Central College maintains this website to support its mission and to be of service to its students and their parents, its faculty, staff, alumni, friends and supporters, as well as for general public use.
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other intellectual property in this site are owned by the College and may not be used in any electronic, printed publication or other format without the express prior written permission of NC.
North Central College makes a reasonable attempt to ensure that the information on its site is accurate and up to date. NC makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained in this site or any site linked to or from NC’s site.  NC reserves the right to change programs, policies and services described in this site at any time without notice, and NC will not be liable for any actual special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials in this site.
The views and opinions expressed by individual faculty, staff and students on personal webpages found within the NC website are strictly those of the page authors.
For the user’s convenience, links are provided to other non-College sites. These links are for informational purposes only. NC is not responsible for the content of these sites. NC does not endorse or approve the entities operating these sites.
This website may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, hardware and third-party vendor failures. NC cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.
Links to Other Sites
Our site contains links to other websites maintained or controlled by third parties. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which North Central College has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy notices on all third party sites as their policies may be different than ours.
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with North Central College on various social media sites. Please note that when you share your information on these social media sites, you are entering a third party site for which North Central College has no responsibility.
In addition, your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature, by the third party social media site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies, notices and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.
Compliance with Legal Requirements
North Central College does not discriminate against applicants, students, faculty or staff on the basis of race, religion, age, disabilities, national or ethnic origin, gender or sexual orientation, status as a veteran or any classification protected by local, state or federal law.