http://www.pdx.edu/about-digital-privacy
Skip to main content
PSU
About Digital Privacy: PSU Web Privacy Notice
About Digital Privacy: PSU Web Privacy Notice
This privacy notice describes our practices and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Portland State University (PSU) main website (pdx.edu). This also pertains to other websites that we own and control unless otherwise indicated. By using our website you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy notice.
On many PSU websites, we may also link to non-PSU websites which will have their own privacy practices. We encourage you to read their privacy notice as we are not responsible for the content or practices of those sites.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
PSU may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information (PII). PII may include, but is not limited to:
Full Name
Email
Address
Telephone
Age, Date of Birth
Legal Sex
Veteran Status
Race/Ethnicity
PSU ID number
Social Security Number
Social network account information
Usage Data
Usage data is collected automatically when using PSU websites. Usage data includes:
The IP address from which you access our website
The type of browser (e.g., Chrome, Firefox, Edge) and operating system (e.g., Windows, iOS, Android) used to access our website
The date and time you access our website
The pages, files, documents, and links that you visit
The advertisement or link that you click on to get to our website (referral data)
The internet address of the website from which you linked to our website
The device you use to access our website, including the name of the device
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our website. Certain information is stored to market the university and to improve and analyze performance.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our website.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
We use both persistent and session cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies (Session Cookies)
Administered by: PSU
Purpose: These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies (Persistent Cookies)
Administered by: PSU
Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make when you use the website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you use the website.
Tracking and Performance Cookies (Persistent Cookies)
Administered by: Third-Parties
Purpose: These cookies are used to track information about traffic to the website and how users use the website. The information gathered via these cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the website. We may also use these cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features, or new functionality of the website to see how our users react to them.
Use of Your Personal Data
The personal data PSU collects is primarily used in marketing, recruitment, retention,, educational programs, employment, market research, fund-raising, and community outreach. We may use this data in the following ways:
To provide and maintain our website: This includes monitoring site usage.
To manage your account: The personal data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the website that are available to you as a registered user.
To contact you: We may contact you, or your parents or guardians, or your advocates by email, telephone calls, SMS, mobile application's push notifications, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication.
To provide you with information: This includes news and general information about services and events we offer that are similar to those that you have already inquired about. If you have opted not to receive such information then you will be excluded from these communications.
To manage your requests: We will attend to requests you make to PSU.
We may share your personal information with the following entities:
Service providers: Service providers are entities who provide goods or services to PSU, or who perform tasks on our behalf. We may share your personal information with contracted service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website to show advertisements to you, to help support recruitment and retention activities, maintain our website, to contact you, to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our website, or for payment processing.
Partners: We may share your information with our partners, including the PSU Foundation, other universities, business partners, and others to facilitate internships and student educational opportunities, fundraising, and coordinate support for student needs.
Regulatory and accreditation entities: We may share data with federal and state agencies in accordance with all applicable laws and PSU Administrative Policy, as well as with educational accrediting and other agencies in order to verify the academic offerings, governance, mission, finances, and resources of PSU.
In addition, when you interact in the public areas of our website with other users, for example, in blog comments or web forums, you are solely responsible for the information you choose to share. Such information may be viewed by all users of this website, and may be publicly distributed outside it. Interacting on a website or forum is a personal choice, and we encourage you to protect your privacy by limiting the personal information you share.
Transfer of your Personal Data
Your information, including personal data, is processed at the PSU campus and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. This means that your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Notification of Rights under FERPA
PSU complies with The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and will not disclose student data without a court order or other exemption as outlined in the section 3.0 of the Student Records and Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement and other legal requirements
PSU may be required by law to disclose your personal data in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency). PSU may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal process, obligation, or regulatory requirement
Pursue available legal remedies or defend against legal claims
Enforce our terms of use and other PSU policies, including, without limitation, to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our website
Protect the personal safety of users of our website or the public
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us. PSU employs commercially reasonable technical safeguards to protect and secure your personal data. Please keep in mind, though, that no method of data transmission over the internet or data storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please contact the Office of Information and Technology (OIT) for more information.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Service providers have access to your personal data only to perform their tasks on PSU’s behalf.
Analytics
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website. One common example is Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services, as well as other partners. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the advertisements of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, review the Google Privacy & Terms.
Email Marketing
We may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any marketing email you’ve received from us or by contacting us.
We may use email marketing service providers to manage and send emails to you.
Behavioral Remarketing
PSU uses remarketing services, including social media and search engines, to deliver advertisements to you on third-party websites after you visited our website. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website. The following are some examples of remarketing services PSU may use. The services we use can change frequently, as can the links we’re providing to their information and tools.
Google Ads (AdWords): Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, review their privacy policy.
Twitter: Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc. Learn more about Twitter’s privacy practices and policies.
Facebook and Instagram: Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. Learn more about Facebook and Instagram’s privacy practices and policies.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by PSU. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's website. We advise you to review the privacy policy of every website you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. You are advised to review this privacy notice periodically for any changes. Changes to this privacy notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, you can contact us via email at privacy@pdx.edu.
Updated: August 18, 2020