http://www.naspa.org/footer/privacy-policy
Resources
Join
Volunteer
Donate
Login
Follow Us
About
About
Membership
Leadership & Governance
Equity and Justice
Our Impact
About Student Affairs
Work in Student Affairs - TPE
Work at NASPA
Corporate Involvement
Publish with NASPA
Awards
History
Foundation
FAQs
About NASPA
NASPA is a member-centered association supporting a diverse and passionate network of 15,000 professionals and 1,200 institutions across the globe.
Events
Events
NASPA Annual Conference
Virtual Live Briefings, Short Courses, & Engagement Events
National Conferences & Institutes
Regional Annual Conferences
Regional & Community Events
External & Affiliated Events
Registration Policies
Program Submission Guidelines
Continuing Education FAQs
Call for Webinars
NASPA Events
Whether you are looking for a transformational in-person experience, or wanting to learn and engage from where you are, NASPA has the perfect professional development for you.
Publications & Resources
Focus Areas
Focus Areas
Career and Workforce Development
Civic Engagement
Equity, Inclusion and Social Justice
Student Financial Wellness
Health, Safety, and Well-being
Policy and Advocacy
Student Success
Supporting the Profession
Focus Areas
As higher education continues to evolve, NASPA serves a leading role in the innovations that are shaping the future of student affairs.
The Latest
The Latest
NASPA Statements
Press Releases
Projects & Initiatives
Blog
SA Voices from the Field Podcast
The Latest
Check out what's new with NASPA & the field of student affairs.
Communities
Communities
Knowledge Communities
Divisions and Groups
Regions and Areas
Communities
NASPA has many organizations and groups that tailor your NASPA experience to your location, professional level, and institution type.
Privacy Policy
NASPA POLICY ON DATA PRIVACY, SECURITY, AND CONSENT
NASPA agrees with the philosophy that an individual has the right to know how their personally identifying data is being used by NASPA.
NASPA maintains industry-standard security of personally identifying data and updates those protocols on a regular basis. Our volunteer leaders are provided with information on data security and privacy on at least an annual basis.
How we use your data
NASPA uses personally identifying data to provide information about the products, programs and services that an individual may be interested in. NASPA uses the information provided in an individual’s profile to customize the information they receive or may be presented with.
NASPA uses publicly available data about institutions to further customize the information an individual may receive or be presented with based on the fact that the individual is an employee of that institution.
NASPA uses data about previous registrations, purchases, downloads, subscriptions, or other transactions to customize the information an individual may receive or be presented with.
NASPA uses data in aggregate to identify trends about groups of individuals and about the industry itself.
When is data shared outside of NASPA staff
When a product, program, or service is being conducted, administered, or coordinated by volunteer leader(s) of NASPA, NASPA will share contact information about the individual and about the individual’s purchase or registration with those volunteers. NASPA will only share the information needed to facilitate the interaction. NASPA will never share financial information such as credit card numbers.
When a product, program, or service is sponsored by a third-party organization, NASPA, with your permission, will share basic contact information (name, job title, institution, and preferred mailing address) with that sponsor. An individual can decline the opportunity to share their information at the time of registration or purchase. We do not share email addresses.
NASPA gathers aggregate statistics about visitors to its website and may provide this information to third parties for analysis. This information does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual user.
NASPA uses third party companies to provide delivery of electronic communications which requires provision of individual information. The service agreement with these companies prohibits any other use of this information.
NASPA uses a third party company to provide commenting ability on blog posts. This service allows users to post comments by signing in using an existing Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus or Disqus account. NASPA does not obtain any information about or access to your accounts with these services. For more information about Disqus' privacy policy, please click here.
QUESTIONS?
If you wish to change any information you have given us, or have any questions on our Policy, you can contact us at office@naspa.org.