http://www.colgate.edu/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Skip Sidebar Navigation
In this Section
Home
About
Academics
Admission & Aid
Student Life
Success After Colgate
More
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. Colgate University is committed to safeguarding all personal information that is recorded and provided to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data Colgate University collects from you, through your interactions with us through our services, and how we use that data.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it, and
How we use that information
Personal Data We Collect
Colgate University collects data to operate effectively and provide you the best online experiences. This data is recorded based on how you interact with our services, e.g. website and e-mail notification, by using technologies like cookies, troubleshooting error reports, or usage data. We also obtain data from authorized third parties through a partnership agreement and/or contract.  This is not an exhaustive list, but some of the data we may collect includes:
First Name and Last Name
Phone Number
E-mail Address
Country
Device Information - such as your hardware, operating version, etc.
IP Address
Usage information - analytics technologies such as Google Analytics
How We Use Personal Data
Colgate University uses the data we collect to operate our business and provide you the services, which includes using data to improve these services and personalize your experiences and emails. We also may use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about programs, events, and important deadlines.
Sharing Personal Information
Colgate University shares personal data with authorized external third parties, contracted or under a partnership agreement with Colgate University to provide services, or when required to comply with legal and/or law enforcement requirements. Colgate University does not sell, share or otherwise provide personal data to any unnecessary third parties.
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Colgate University if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request;
Enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; and/or
Protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Colgate University, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
Colgate University uses “cookies” — small text files placed on your device — and similar technologies to provide a customized experience on our websites and online services and to help collect data. Cookies allow us, among other things, to:
Store your preferences and settings;
Provide interest-based responses; and
Analyze how our websites and online services are performing.
We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
Colgate University may update its privacy statement from time to time, to reflect the trends and expectations related to data privacy and security. Those updates will be incorporated within this statement. If you wish to receive notifications when this privacy statement is updated, please opt in to the privacy statement mailing list.