http://www.stevenshenager.edu/policies
Student Login
Request Transcripts
CALL US TODAY:    (800) 622-2640
Request Info
Degrees
Campus Programs
Associate's Programs
Bachelor's Programs
Download Catalog (PDF, 2.1mb)
Download West Haven (Ogden) Catalog (PDF, 1.6mb)
SCHOOLS
School of Healthcare
School of Business
School of Technology
Tuition & Aid
Tuition and Aid
About FAFSA
Net Price Calculator
About FAFSA
Admissions
Getting Started
Transferring Credits
Military Benefits
Locations
Idaho
Boise
Idaho Falls
Utah
Logan
Murray (Salt Lake City)
Orem (Provo)
Saint George
West Haven (Ogden)
Student Experience
Student Experience
Career Services
Student Support
Better Life Blog
Career Services
About Us
About Us
Accreditation
Consumer Information
Consumer Information
Press Center
Careers at SHC
Home
Legal and Policies
Legal Info
Disclosures
Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) is a registered trademark of Center for Excellence in Higher Education, Inc. Online degree programs are offered by Stevens-Henager College. The courses and programs offered by Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) are not available to residents of the state of Arkansas, Massachusetts, Minnesota or Montana. Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) does not guarantee salaries, and salaries vary greatly depending on employer, specialty, and geographic area. Starting salaries will vary by location and may be lower or higher than the median salary. Not all programs are available at all locations. The regularly scheduled completion time for Associate’s and Bachelor’s degrees is 19 and 36 months, respectively. Grant and scholarship awards are limited and only available to those who qualify. See www.scholarshipshc.com for details.
Privacy Policy
The following represents the information gathering and use practices of Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) (the “SHC Site”). These web sites include Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) and its subdomains.
Information Gathering
SHC may collect information to improve functionality and content, and to monitor performance. SHC staff use such data to help answer specific questions about the usage and performance of the website or individual web pages. When you visit the SHC website, we may collect information regarding:
Your internet location (IP address).
Which pages you visit on our site.
From which web page you came to our site.
Which software you use to visit our site and its configuration.
If you apply for admission or ask to receive other services provided by SHC, any information you provide is confidential and is not shared with any third parties except as authorized by you as part of the application process or other services you receive.
Information Use
The SHC websites do not:
Collect personally identifiable information (e.g., name, email address) unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
Provide or sell any personally identifiable information to outside agencies (third parties) except as authorized by you as part of the application process or other service.
The information we collect may include your name, address, phone numbers, and email addresses where you may be reached. We may use this information to contact you through various means including phone calls, e-mail, and postal mail about products and services that we offer. If you provide consent to receive text messages from Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) you may receive information about products and services we offer.
SHC works in a distributed information technology environment. Policies and procedures for other websites may vary. If you have questions about any website’s privacy practices, please contact the specific department, unit, or organization that maintains the content.
Our staff occasionally monitors search terms that users enter into the SHC search engine but this tracking is never associated with individual users.
SHC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SHC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SHC, and (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SHC, or the public.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting the College
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
Proviso
This website contains information and policies that may be out of date and will be superseded by the college catalog. For more information on privacy, please visit the Electronic Privacy Information Center (www.epic.org).
Discrimination Clause
Our family of nonprofit colleges admits students of any race, color, and national or ethnic origin.
Terms of Use
Please carefully read these terms and conditions before using these Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) webpages (the “SHC Site”). By using the SHC Site you indicate your agreement to these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, please do not use the SHC Site.
Copyright and Proprietary Rights. This World Wide Web site is the property of SHC and its licensors and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. All copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights in the SHC Site and in the software, text, graphics, design elements, audio, music, and all other materials originated or used by SHC at its site (the “SHC Information”) are reserved to SHC and its licensors.
You may not reproduce, upload, post, transmit, download, or distribute any part of the SHC Information or information accessed at other sites through links made at the SHC Site (“Other Sites”) other than printing out or downloading portions of the text and images for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You may not modify the SHC Site, Other Sites, or any material residing on such Sites.
You shall observe copyright and other restrictions imposed by Other Sites. You may not use the SHC Site or Other Sites in any manner that infringes the rights of any person or entity.
Domain names and trademarks of Other Sites, or contained in information accessed at Other Sites, are the sole property of their respective owners. No affiliation with, endorsement of, or sponsorship by SHC should be inferred.
Responsibility for Content. SHC does not screen, edit, or review material submitted by users. SHC can therefore accept no responsibility or liability for any material which may reside in or is accessed by the SHC Site other than SHC Information. SHC has no responsibility with respect to Other Sites.
You may not link, upload, post, or transmit any illegal, obscene, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate material to the SHC Site. You agree to indemnify SHC from any damage, loss, cost, or expense which may be incurred by SHC as a result of the material you link, upload, post, or transmit to the SHC Site. SHC has no duty to review or edit materials submitted by users. Any such materials may be removed by SHC at any time for any reason.
Exclusions of Warranties. No warranties of any kind are made with respect to the SHC Site or information, or Other Sites. SHC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SHC SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE ACCURATE, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. WE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDE AND DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SHC SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DATA LOSS OR CORRUPTION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE.
Submissions. All concepts, ideas, comments, manuscripts, illustrations, and all other materials disclosed or offered to SHC on or in connection with this Site are submitted without any restrictions or expectation of confidentiality. SHC shall have no financial or other obligations to you when you submit such information, nor shall you assert any proprietary or moral right of any kind with respect to such submissions. SHC shall have the right to use, publish, reproduce, transmit, download, upload, post, display, or otherwise distribute your submissions in any manner without notice or compensation to you.
Export Controls. Your use of the SHC Site will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations that govern the export of technical data.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction. This SHC Site is operated from our offices in the State of Utah, United States of America. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to any conflict of law principles.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHC OR ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, OR CONTRACTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR MULTIPLE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.
Limitation of Claims. Any action on any claim against SHC must be brought by the user within one (1) year following the date the claim first accrued, or shall be deemed waived.
Entire Agreement. This is the entire agreement between the parties and may not be modified except in writing signed by both parties.
Social Media Terms of Use
By posting content on Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden)’s Social Media Sites you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of the social sites themselves and in particular you represent, warrant, and agree that no content submitted, posted, transmitted, or shared by you will infringe upon the rights of any third party.
Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) accepts no responsibility or liability for any data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, images, video, messages, or any other materials whatsoever (“Content”) generated by you and publicly posted on Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden)’s Social Media Sites. We expect that all participants post Content that is both relevant and respectful to this community as a whole.
Specifically, we do not tolerate the following Content:
Language that is abusive, harassing, stalking, threatening, or attacking others
Spam
Vulgar language or offensive material
Sales/promotion of goods or services, or links to other sites
Advocacy of illegal or immoral activity
Anything that infringes or may infringe copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights
Files that contain viruses or programs that could damage the operation of other people’s computers
Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) has no obligation to monitor Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden)’s Social Media Sites. However, Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) reserves the right to remove any Content that does not adhere to our guidelines and to block anyone who repeatedly violates them.
Content posted by users and by Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) employees who are not Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) spokespersons do not necessarily reflect the view of Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden).
By posting content on our Social Media Sites, you grant Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) the right to reproduce, distribute, publish, edit and/or display such content for any Stevens-Henager College - West Haven (Ogden) purpose.
Degrees
Tuition
Apply
Get Info
Contact
Call
MoreNavigation Links
MAIN MENU
About Us
Toggle Dropdown
About SHC
Accreditation
Locations
Toggle Dropdown
Idaho
Boise
Idaho Falls
Utah
Logan
Murray (Salt Lake City)
Orem (Provo)
Saint George
West Haven (Ogden)
Student Experience
Toggle Dropdown
Career Services
Student Portal
Toggle Dropdown
Student login
Payments
Request Transcripts
Tuition
Toggle Dropdown
Tuition & Aid
About FAFSA
Request Transcripts
×
Looking for a copy of your transcript?For fastest service, email the registrar directly, as listed below.
Stevens-Henager Campus
Boise, Idaho
208-383-4540 Ext 1801
Idaho Falls, Idaho
208-528-7692 Ext 4601
Nampa, Idaho
208-467-0500 Ext 1601
Logan, Utah
435-792-6970 Ext 5001
West Haven (Ogden), Utah
801-622-1567 Ext 1001
Orem (Provo), Utah
801-418-1450 Ext 2001
Murray (Salt Lake City), Utah
801-281-7620 Ext 3001
St. George, Utah
435-628-9902 Ext 2125
Close