http://www.e-yearbook.com/sp/terms
Register Now | Member Sign In
Home
What's New
College
High School
Middle School
Military
Navy Cruise Books
Terms
E-Yearbook Website Terms of Use
Welcome to the E-Yearbook Website.
This site is operated by
Digital Data Online, Inc.
(“DDO”).
By accessing
and using this website ("Website" or “Service”),
you are agreeing to the following Terms of Use. The Website is intended
solely for access and use by individuals 18 years of age and older. By
accessing and using the Website, you are certifying that you are at
least 18 years old.
"You" or "your" means an adult
user of the Website for itself and you as parent or guardian for any
minor who you allow to access the Website, for whom you will be held
strictly responsible. Your use of the Website indicates that you are
bound by this Agreement with us. If you don't agree with any of these
terms and conditions, don't use the Website. We encourage you to review
the Terms of Use, along with the Privacy Policy which is incorporated
by this reference, as they form a binding agreement between DDO and
you. In addition, DDO may revise these Terms of Use from time to time,
in our discretion, so you should check back periodically to familiarize
yourself with any changes.
When we make changes we will post
the updated Terms of Use on the Website.
The changes become
effective immediately at the time of posting.
In addition to our Terms of Use, when using certain services, you may
be subject to certain additional terms required by our third party
content providers that may be posted from time to time.
Ownership of
Website
Content
The Website and the proprietary material that it contains (collectively, the
“Content”) is owned by DDO or its third party
licensors and is protected by intellectual property and other laws
throughout the world. None of the proprietary content found on the Website
may be copied, reproduced, republished, distributed, sold, licensed, transferred or
modified without the express written permission of DDO. In addition,
the trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the website are
the property of their respective owners.
UNAUTHORIZED USE, COPYING, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, REPUBLISHING,
UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING, DISTRIUBTING OR
DUPLICATING OR ANY OTHER MISUSE OF ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE IS
PROHIBITED. Nothing contained in the Terms of Use or in the materials
on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication,
estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any material in any
manner without the prior written consent of DDO or such third party
that may own the material or intellectual property displayed on this
Website. In addition, use of the content or materials for any purpose
not expressly permitted in the Terms of Use is prohibited.
Limited Use License
You are licensed to use the proprietary Content only for personal, non-commercial
purposes. The download of the whole or significant portions of any protected work
is prohibited. Downloads using bots or other automated methods is prohibited.
Resale of a protected work is prohibited. Online or other republication of
proprietary Content is prohibited except in accordance with a separate written
agreement with DDO.
YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS LICENSE MAY RESULT IN IMMEDIATE
TERMINATION OF YOUR ABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE AND MAY RESULT IN LEGAL ACTION
AGAINST YOU FOR INJUNCTION, DAMAGES OR BOTH.
Linking To Or From
Our
Website
You cannot link to our Website without our prior written consent. While
our Website may have links to the websites of other companies and
parties, we have no control over those websites.
DDO is not
responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, services
or other materials on or available from those websites.
DDO
is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or
loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
reliance on any content, advertising, products, services or other
materials on those websites.
WARRANTY AND
LIABILITY
DISCLAIMER
The information, products, and services included on this Website may
include inaccuracies. Changes are periodically made to the information
herein. We and our third party suppliers provide all Content in this
Service "AS IS", and without any warranty of any
kind.
DDO
and its third party suppliers make no representations concerning the
suitability, reliability or accuracy of the Content or the Service for
any purpose. WE AND OUR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT AND THE SERVICES,
INCLUDING CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO CASE WILL WE OR
OUR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE,
SPECIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST OR DELAY
OF USE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE IN CONTRACT,
TORT, EQUITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow exclusions as broad as
those stated above or limitations of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, the above limitations may, in whole or in part, not
apply to you.
If DDO provides links to third party sites, DDO makes no warranty
concerning third party provided goods or services, and you agree that
any recourse for dissatisfaction or problems with those goods or
services will be sought from the third party provider and not from
DDO.
DDO expressly disclaims any implied warranties,
including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for
purpose or non-infringement.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS WEBSITE, OR WITH ANY
OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE
USING THIS SERVICE.
SUBSCRIBER TERMS
Subscriber
Registration
As part of the registration process, you will provide a username and
password. You must provide DDO with accurate, complete, and up-to-date
registration information. Failure to do so will constitute a breach of
this Agreement. You understand that you may not (i) select or use a
name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii)
use the rights of any person other than yourself without authorization;
or (iii) use a name that we, in our sole discretion, deem
inappropriate. If you
are subscribing or registering for use of this Website from outside of
the United States of America, you consent to the storage and processing
in the United States of the personal data you submit, within the scope
of the applicable privacy policy.
You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose your information (including, but not limited to, suspect payment information, email addresses, IP addresses, etc. and searches conducted) if we believe that it is required to do so by law, or that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or governmental requests; (b) enforce the Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or safety of the Website, the users, or the public. Similarly, we may use that information, in conjunction with our security partners and / or law enforcement to assist those we reasonably believe to have been victimized by such fraudulent use of the Website and Services. You further agree to fully cooperate with all audits and investigations of our customers and systems.
Subscriber
Conduct
You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Website via your
password account. Distribution of your password to others is expressly
prohibited and shall constitute a breach of this Agreement. Any
fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for
termination of your account, at our sole discretion, and you may be
referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Subscriber
Fees And Payments
Subscription membership in the Service is on a continuous service
basis. This means that
once you have become a subscribing member, your subscription will be
automatically renewed and your billing choice will be charged based on
the subscription program (annual or monthly) you have chosen.
Billing charges will be processed at the time your order is
taken.
All charges are final and no refunds will be
made.
The monthly option requires a 2-month minimum which
gets billed upfront.
Opting Out of Renewal.
You may opt out of renewing your membership by completing our
online cancellation form at least two business days before the renewal date.
Please click
HERE to access the form. The
cancellation form is also available from the "My Account" page.
If you do not let us know that you want to terminate your membership at least two business
days prior to the end of the current subscription period,
the payment for the renewal periof of the subscription will be processed.
Cancellation does not entitle you to a refund of amounts paid.
Subscription costs may be changed by DDO at any time and each renewal
of your subscription will be at the then standard renewal cost for the
period that you originally selected when you subscribed.
You agree to pay using a valid credit card or debit card (Payment Method) and affirm that you are authorized to use such Payment Method. We reserve the right to suspend use of the Website and/or Services to any delinquent account without notice. You agree to provide us with accurate payment information. You further agree that we may store and use the payment information you provide (including credit or debit card information) for use in maintaining your account and billing fees for future authorized purchases. You must promptly notify us if your Payment Method is cancelled (including if you lose your card or it is stolen), or if you become aware of a potential breach of security (such as an unauthorized disclosure or use of your name or password). If you fail to provide us with any of the foregoing information, you agree that you are responsible for fees accrued under your Payment Method.
Each renewal payment will take place on or about the expiration date of the current subscription period.
If the renewal fails for any reason, we may attempt to process it for a period of up to 180 days in accordance with our standard renewal practices then in effect.
Except as required by law, you agree that DDO will not provide you with notices prior to each renewal payment.
If the credit card or debit card provide by you has expired during an attempt to renew fees you authorize DDO to revise the expiration date and to proceed with billing using the same credit or debit card account.
Also, DDO contracts with third party services that refresh expired or replaced card numbers with the new numbers so that your services do not lapse due to expired or changed Payment Method information.
As part of your registration for the Service, you authorize DDO to use such third party account updater services, including consenting to the disclosure of your Payment Method account information to the third party solely for use with the account updater services.
Further, you consent to DDO.s receipt and use of your Payment Method account information from your financial institution in connection with your payment for the Services.
Subscriber
Termination
Should you breach this Agreement we will revoke your ability to use the
Website and suspend your access. In such a case, no portion of your
subscription payment will be refunded. Should we decide to suspend your
subscription service for any reason other than breach, we will refund
to you the unused portion of your subscription payment, which will be
your sole and exclusive remedy upon such a suspension of service.
Modifications To
This
Agreement And The Service
DDO has the right, at its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement or
the Website including the content of the Website at any time.
Continued use of the Service now or following posted notices of changes
in this Agreement, (notice is given by changing the date of last
revision), means that you have accepted and are bound by the changes.
Email from DDO
By registering with our website, DDO may send you at least one email
and you will receive our monthly Newsletter Update.
You may opt-out of
email from our site at any time by following the opt-out instructions
in our email.
General
These Terms of Use and Subscriber Agreement are governed by the law of
the State of California, without regard to its principles on conflicts
of laws, and the federal law of the United States of America.
You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts
within California.
This Agreement is the full and complete
agreement between the parties regarding use of the Service.
Request a Yearbook
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Press
Contact Us
Copyright © 2005-2020
Digital Data Online, Inc.
Material on this website is protected by copyright laws of the United States and international treaties. All copyrights remain the property of the copyright owner. No images or material on this website may be copied or printed without express authorization. For further information about copyright laws visit the U.S. Copyright Office.