https://www.reporternews.com/story/news/2020/09/15/experts-proposed-state-takeover-of-austin-police-legal-but-unprecedented/5805267002/
NEWSExperts: Proposed state takeover of Austin police legal, but unprecedentedPhilip JankowskiAustin American-StatesmanView Comments When the proposal for a state takeover of the Austin Police Department made headlines recently, some wondered if such a move would violate the Texas Constitution.It wouldn’t, according to several experts on the state’s constitution.Because Austin is the seat of state government, state lawmakers can claim matters that might seem local, such as how a city council budgets for public safety, have statewide impact.David B. Brooks, an Austin attorney who has written several volumes on Texas municipal and county government, said two sections of Texas law make it clear that things work differently in Austin. One is the section that outlines Austin as the capital of the state and seat of Texas’ government. The other is a section that gives the state authority over local matters when a statewide importance is determined.“The city of Austin is special because it is the capital city and state agencies all over the place here, as it were,” Brooks said.“When you reach that point, you don’t have to split hairs as to whether a law enforcement action affects a certain state office or officials or anything,” Brooks said. “It happening in Austin is enough.”But it certainly wasn’t what the framers of Texas Constitution had in mind when they approved the document in 1876, said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political science professor at the University of Houston.“It is antithetical to the spirit of the current Constitution,” Rottinghaus said. “When it was written it was designed to give local entities more control over law enforcement.”The current Texas Constitution came about amid backlash over the Reconstruction Constitution of 1869. Charles W. "Rocky" Rhodes, a law professor at the South Texas College of Law Houston, said the framers of the 1876 Texas Constitution saw government overreach on several fronts. It included the creation of a “plural executive” dividing executive power among several elected officials, including the lieutenant governor, attorney general and comptroller.But Rottinghaus and Rhodes both said there is nothing in the Texas Constitution prohibiting a state takeover of a local police department.Gov. Greg Abbott showed support for a Texas Department of Public Safety takeover of the Austin Police Department after a letter from Terry Keel, a former Travis County sheriff and former Republican state representative, and Ron Wilson, a former Democratic state representative from Houston, was made public.The two former state representatives suggested the Austin Police Department could be folded into DPS by forming a new department that would be overseen by DPS. The Texas Public Safety Commission would oversee the department’s budget and fund it by reserving local taxpayer money usually overseen by the Austin City Council.Their proposal came in response to the City Council decision to cut the police department’s budget by $21.5 million by canceling three upcoming cadet classes. The council also approved moving about $80 million from the department by moving forensics, communications, support services, strategic support, community partnerships and victim services outside of Austin police’s purview. A further $49 million was allocated to the Reimagine Safety Fund.Abbott has pounced on the decision, making it the new drumbeat for Texas Republicans seeking office this year. Abbott created a “Back the Blue” pledge he is asking all elected officials or candidates to sign.Last month, Abbott called for the Legislature to pass a law that would freeze property tax revenue for any city that cuts its police budget. And last week, Abbott proposed stripping the annexation powers of any city that reduces its police budget.Cities already have an uphill battle in annexing new land as the Legislature made elections required for new annexations during 2019’s session. But Abbott’s latest proposal calls for cities that reduce police budgets to hold elections on whether certain parts of the city could remove themselves from the city.“Even before this started there were groups reaching out from places like Circle C complaining about not getting police coverage,” Austin police union President Ken Casaday said. “They would deannex so fast and go back to the sheriff’s office.”Casaday and the Austin Police Association hosted Abbott’s media event promoting the Back the Blue pledge. Casaday said he supports any action that would restore the Austin Police Department’s budget, even if it means no longer being an official part of the city of Austin.Casaday said his conversations with backers of the idea have included concerns over how it would affect the union contract. He said he would only support it if it preserved “certain portions” of the union contract.There’s no Texas precedent for the state taking over a city’s operations akin to what Keel and Wilson proposed. The Texas Education Agency is attempting to take over the operation of public schools in Houston, though that is held up in court.But in 1993, DPS did take over the primary law enforcement functions for the roughly 50 square blocks surrounding the Texas Capitol. The area, known as the Capitol Complex in state law, runs from Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard to 10th Street and from Trinity Street to Lavaca Street.Brooks, the Austin attorney, said that law faced no challenges and could be a road map for a state takeover of Austin police.“Substitute the 'city of Austin’ for 'Capitol Complex’ and expands it to the boundaries of Austin,” Brooks said.The 1993 law never faced any challenge, according to Brooks. When asked last week, Mayor Steve Adler did not say whether the city would challenge a state takeover of the Austin Police Department.Adler has dismissed rhetoric from Republicans calling for Austin to be punished over the City Council’s actions regarding the police budget, calling it “political theater.”“Before we ever get to that point and after the campaigning is over, I hope we’re all engaged in a serious conversation about how we can make our communities safer,” Adler said.View Comments