http://www.msri.org/web/msri/about-msri/privacy-policy
About Us
Our Mission
Our History
Diversity
Governance Committees
News
Staff Directory
Development
Facilities
Jobs
Directions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Women in Mathematics
About MSRI Staff
Collegiality Statement
Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy
Virtual Participation Code of Conduct
Disability Accommodation
Home
> About Us
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mathematical
Sciences Research Institute
PRIVACY POLICY
This
privacy policy describes how the Mathematical
Sciences Research Institute (MSRI)
collects and uses personal information of users of our website, www.msri.org.
WHAT
WE COLLECT
Information
You Give Us.  We collect the information that you directly give us
on our website.
Information
We Get from Others.  We may get information about you from other sources (for
example, your institution). We may add this to information we get from you
directly.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
MSRI
has taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California
Online Privacy Protection Act. We will not distribute your
personal information to outside parties without your consent.
We use your personal information as follows:
·
Workshop Registration Form
Information you provide via workshop
registration forms may be viewed by persons that do not work directly for MSRI.
This may include officers of US governmental agencies, such as the National Science
Foundation, (NSF) and the National Security Agency (NSA), program and workshop
organizers as well as people elected to various MSRI committees such as the
Human Resources Advisory Committee or the Scientific Advisory Committee.
·
Check-in Form
If you are a Research Member, a
Research Professor, a Postdoctoral Fellow, or a Program Associate,  at MSRI, you are requested to complete our
online check-in form upon arrival. The data is also used in reports required by
the NSF. MSRI removes the names of individuals from reports before posting to its
website.
·
Checkout Form
If you are a Research Member, a
Research Professor, a Postdoctoral Fellow, or a Program Associate at MSRI, you
are requested to complete our online checkout form prior to your departure. The
data you provide in the checkout form is used by MSRI to evaluate the success
of its programs. The data is also used in reports required by the NSF and NSA.
MSRI removes the names of individuals from any reports that are made public.
·
Housing/Visa Form
If you request assistance in finding
housing or require a VISA for your visit to MSRI, you will most likely be
requested to complete our Housing/Visa forms. The data you provide in these
forms is used by our Housing Adviser or International Scholar Consultant. We do
not share this data with any other parties. The data from the Housing/Visa forms
is stored in our database only as long as required by law.
SHARING
INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise
transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does
not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or providing services to you, so long as those parties
agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your
information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
We welcome your comments or
questions about this privacy policy.  You
may also contact us at our address:
17 Gauss Way
Berkeley, CA 94720
Most
Recent Update
This privacy policy was last updated
on August 19, 2013.