https://www.discoveryplace.org/privacy
Skip to main Content
WE ARE REOPENING OUR FAMILY OF MUSEUMS
LEARN MORE
WE ARE REOPENING OUR FAMILY OF MUSEUMS
LEARN MORE
Donate
search
search
About
History
Contact
Leadership
Press
Support
Donate
Volunteer
Sponsorship
Legacy Giving
Corporate Circle
Supporters
Membership
Education
Virtual Classes
Outreach Classes
Professional Development
Careers
Events
Blog
Discovery Place Museums:
Science
Nature
Kids - Huntersville
Kids - Rockingham
Membership Type
Family Membership
Individual Membership
Educator Membership
Membership Selections
Family
Membership
$150
No Guest/Nanny Passes
$25
Total
$150*
Tickets must be purchased online.
Timed entry is required. Stay as long as you like.
Face masks are required for guests 2 and older. No exceptions.
Contactless temperature checks required on arrival.
Make a reservation
Discovery Place Internet Privacy Policy
Discovery Place is committed to protecting your privacy. We collect information from visitors who use our website, receive our emails or make purchases/reservations using our online services. We use the information collected to provide services and to enhance the online experience. The following Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what information we collect about you, how we safeguard that information and how that information might be used. This policy applies only to information collected online.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or our data collection practices, please contact us at the following:
Discovery Place
301 N. Tryon St.
Charlotte, NC 28226
info@discoveryplace.org
704.372.6261 x300
User Acknowledgement
By submitting Personal Data through our site, you acknowledge that we handle your Personal Data under the terms of this Privacy Policy and you understand that our collection and use of Personal Data is laid out in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
Discovery Place currently collects personal information when someone purchases a ticket, joins or renews a Membership or makes a donation. This information may consist of contact information (name, address, phone etc.) and transactional information (credit card #, expiration, email address, services you purchased etc.). In addition, the Museum collects email information when someone signs up for one of our eNewsletters or sends an information request via email to one of our departments.
In addition, Discovery Place collects non-personal information about the way visitors use our website through the use of cookies and pixels. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies help to track your clicks as you navigate through the site and help us to collect information about which parts of the site are most useful to visitors so that we can continue to improve the site. The information we collect may include general location information (if you permit it through your device), IP address, browser type, device type, the length of time you visit the site, operating system and where you came to our site from. We do not collect personal information through the use of cookies. Please note that your browser may allow you to control or refuse cookies.
None of this information identifies the user personally but allows the Museum to compile statistics about the use of the site.
From time to time, we may conduct online or email surveys. Information collected in these surveys does not contain personal information unless the respondent willingly supplies it.
Discovery Place uses Google Analytics to collect data about the way visitors use the site. We also use Google cookies to deliver our ads to you. You can learn more about the way that Google collects and uses information here: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Discovery Place uses Full Story to gather information about the way visitors use our site in order to improve the website experience for users. To learn more about the use of Full Story, please visit: https://www.fullstory.com/legal/acceptable-use/.
When you make a purchase or a donation through our website, the transaction is processed through our Blackbaud ticketing system and is stored in our Blackbaud database. Blackbaud’s payment processing systems adhere to the PCI-DSS security standards of all major credit card companies.
Use of Information Collected
Discovery Place currently uses the information collected from its online users to provide information that is requested; to allow you to purchase, renew or upgrade your Membership; to allow you to make a donation; and, to allow you to purchase tickets or make reservations. In addition, we use the aggregated, non-personal information about the website usage to improve the website experience.
If you use the website to send us a question or comment, we will use your name and email address one time only to respond to your question.
You may also receive advertising that is directed to you via third party websites, including social media, to promote our services. We primarily use information that is collected about you automatically through the use of cookies or pixels to deliver these ads.
Discovery Place does not share email addresses with third parties and we do not send unsolicited emails. The Museum sends eNewsletters and updates to those who request them or to those that have made a purchase from us. You may request to be removed from an email list at any time and information is provided in each eNewsletter to do so.
Sharing of Information with Third PartiesDiscovery Place is committed to respecting the privacy of our guests. For business purposes, we sometimes engage third parties to provide services such as marketing, online ticket sales or email services. In these cases, we may need to share your personal information with these parties or they may need to share that information with us. We require third party service providers to maintain your information in a confidential manner.
Aggregate data that does not contain personal information may be shared with funders, government organizations or other partners.
If we are required by law to disclose information about users of our websites, we will do what is necessary to comply with the law.
Accuracy of Information Collected
If you would like to review or update your personal information or would like your information removed from our database, please contact us using the information provided in the first section of this policy. Upon request, we will use our best efforts to provide you with your information provided that such access is not unreasonably burdensome or expensive.