https://www.prism-magazine.org/policies
Shopping cart:
Your cart is empty
About Us
How to Order
Bonuses
FAQ
Shipping and Payment
Policies
Terms of Use
These terms of use apply to the use of this Site that is owned and run by My Canadian Pharmacy.
Use of the site
By visiting this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. My Canadian Pharmacy
reserves the right to unilaterally update the Terms of Use at any time. By accessing and using the Site, you agree that you have read, understood and agreed to abide by the Terms of Use in their current version, which you had the opportunity to read when accessing the Site.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you must stop using the Site.
Medical information / conditions
The product information on the Site is provided by My Canadian Pharmacy for informational purposes only, it does not contain exhaustive medical information and should not be considered and understood as direct consultation of a doctor (another health worker) or a replacement for such a consultation.
The information presented on the Site is not an advertisement.
The information posted on the Site should not be used to independently diagnose your health and possible diseases. The products have contraindications for use, so before using them you should get full medical information from your doctor or another healthcare professional, and carefully read the instructions for use. If you are having any disease, contact your doctor or medical institution immediately. We do not implement individual medical diagnostics and do not give advice on the treatment of individual patients. Some drugs can only be obtained by prescription. Health workers can obtain comprehensive medical information from the instructions for use of the drug.
Use of Information
You can only download or use information from this Site, including any text, images, audio and video materials, exclusively for personal non-commercial use. You cannot use this information for commercial purposes without the written permission of My Canadian Pharmacy. You must retain or re-display all notices of copyright or other property rights contained in any material that you download. All materials on the Site are protected by copyright unless otherwise specified, and can not be used without the written permission of the pharmacy. We do not guarantee that your use of materials posted on the Website will not violate the rights of third parties not owned by the pharmacy or who are not its affiliates. Except for the limited right of access specified above, we do not give you any other permission or right to information.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all product names appearing on this Site, regardless of whether they are shown in large print or accompanied by a company symbol, are trademarks of My Canadian Pharmacy. This Site may also contain or mention patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes or other categories containing the copyrights of the pharmacy or other persons. You are not granted or transferred any license or rights to such trademarks, patents, production secrets, technologies, products, processes and other property rights of the pharmacy or other persons.
Information that you provide to us
With the exception of cases and information covered by our Privacy Policy, everything that you submit to the Site will be considered non-confidential information and may be used by the pharmacy for any purpose. In addition, we have the right to use any ideas that you send to the Site without the obligation of the pharmacy to pay you compensation.
If the information you provide on the Site contains information that allows you to identify a person (for example, last name, address, phone number, email address), we will receive, use and save this information with your consent in accordance with the provisions specified in the privacy policy.
Disclaimer
Despite the fact that we make appropriate efforts to guarantee the accuracy and relevance of the information presented on the Site, it may contain inaccuracies or errors. We reserve the right to make changes to the information, products and programs specified in such information, or to terminate the Site at any time without prior notice. We do not provide any warranties or representations regarding the accuracy of any information. We do not bear any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site. All information is provided as it is. We do not provide any guarantees regarding the completeness or accuracy of the information presented on this site, or its possible use. Therefore, site visitors should carefully analyze the information. Neither the pharmacy nor any other party involved in the design, creation of this site or providing access to this site is responsible for any direct, actual indirect damage or penalties resulting from access to the site, its use or inability to use, or any errors or omissions in the content of this site. We are also not responsible for any damage caused to your computer or for the action of viruses that could infect your computer equipment or other property in connection with the access to this Site provided to you.
Links to other sites
Links to third-party sites may be provided for the convenience of visitors to this site, but are not a recommendation of such sites. We will try to inform you when you leave the Site that the terms of use and privacy policy of a third-party site may differ from our policy. However, we do not accept responsibility for the accuracy or legality of the content on any third-party sites. We are not liable for any third-party privacy practices.
Privacy Policy
General Provisions
This privacy policy describes the procedure by which our online pharmacy collects, stores, uses and protects the confidentiality of information about users visiting this website.
We use your personal data in accordance with the requirements of the current legislation on the protection of personal data. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal data.
Before using the Site or providing us with your personal data, please read this Privacy Policy.
By using the Site, you agree to the processing of your personal data on the terms specified in the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the provisions of the Privacy Policy, then you must stop using the Site.
If it is necessary to process the personal data of the child, consent to the processing of personal data is given by his or her legal representative.
Definitions
“Personal data” – any information relating directly or indirectly to a specific or determinable individual (the subject of personal data).
“Processing of personal data” – any action (operation) or a set of actions (operations) with personal data performed using automation tools or without their use, including their collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (updating, changing ), extraction, use, transfer (distribution, provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, removal, destruction.
“Cross-border transfer of personal data” – the transfer of personal data to the territory of a foreign state to a foreign state authority, a foreign individual or a foreign legal entity.
Other terms used in this Privacy Policy are determined in accordance with the current legislation.
Information collected by the pharmacy and the purposes of its processing
The processing of personal data may occur solely for the purposes necessary for fulfilling the business tasks of the company (or for individual tasks that you will be informed about on the Site when you provide personal information in specific cases), to respond to your messages, as well as for performance purposes requirements of the legislation.
We can process the personal data that you provide that are not specifically requested. Therefore, we ask you to transfer to us only the information the provision of which involves special sections and individual pages or data fields of the Site. In order to protect your personal data, you must not provide us with any information that is not specifically requested.
We collect and process information that you enter in the form or data field on the Site, or provide us in another way using the Site. For example, you can indicate your last name, first name, phone number, address, email address for registration on the Site, access to certain sections of the Site (as a rule, such sections are intended exclusively for medical and pharmaceutical workers, as well as other health care workers), sending or receiving information on various topics by you, including if you send information on adverse events related to the use of our products.
We can also collect and process information about your visit to the Site, for example, which pages you visited, from which website you came from and what search you performed. Such information is used by us to improve the content of the Site and to collect general statistical data on individuals using our Site for internal purposes and marketing research purposes. Carrying out this activity, cookies can be installed on your computer that receive the user’s domain name, information about the Internet service provider, your operating system, as well as the date and time of access.
Cookies are short information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do no harm to your computer. Cookies alone do not allow access to your personal data. Cookies are designed to help the Site recognize your browser if you have visited it in the past, save and remember your preferences when viewing its contents. If you enter any personal information on the Site, it will be associated with the data contained in cookies. You can determine how cookies are used, including deleting them, in the settings of your browser.
You can set your browser settings so that you get a notification when you receive cookies. This will allow you to decide whether or not to accept this cookie. Nevertheless, we would like to notify you that if you do not agree to receive this file, you will not be able to use all the functionality of your browser software. We may engage third-party partners to provide services, and to assist in the collection and processing of cookies.
Sometimes we may use Internet tags and cookies on the Site and we may post data tags / cookies through a third-party advertising partner or a web analytics partner. These tags and cookies are also placed on online advertising that leads visitors to the Site, and on different pages of the Site. We use technology to measure the number of responses from visitors to the Site and the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns (including how many times a page opens and what information is accessed), as well as to evaluate your use of this Site. A third-party partner or a partner providing analytical services on the web can collect data about visitors to the Site thanks to these Internet tags/cookies, can generate reports regarding actions on the Site and provide other services related to the use of the website and the Internet.
We do not compare the information that identifies you with the information obtained during the collection and processing of Internet tags and cookies.
Terms for processing personal data
The storage of your personal data will be carried out no longer than is required by the purpose of processing personal data, or unless otherwise established by the law.
The processed personal data is subject to destruction upon achievement of the processing goals or in case of loss of need for such processing, unless otherwise provided by the law.
Who will have access to the processed information?
A limited number of our employees, some companies with which we provide various programs, and to third parties with whom we have concluded contracts or are engaged in business activity have access to your personal data.
We train our employees on the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of users’ personal data, in accordance with the Privacy Policy and the requirements of the law.
My Canadian Pharmacy makes demands on its partners and third parties regarding the confidentiality of personal data and on the use of personal data in the provision of our services.
We are obliged to transfer to the government bodies the information we have in those cases when the law requires it.
Unless otherwise expressly noted in the Privacy Policy, we will not transfer your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to such a transfer.
Cross-border data transfer
We draw your attention to the fact that My Canadian Pharmacy is an international company. Information that you provided to us on your own or that we received from you as a result of your use of the Site may be transferred to other jurisdictions in accordance with the requirements of the law.
Protection of information
Protecting the information we collect and process is our priority.
In accordance with the law, we take the necessary legal, organizational and technical measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of personal data in accordance with the requirements of international treaties, the legislation of the pharmacy and by-laws in the field of processing and protection of personal data.
One of the pharmacy’s rules is to ensure the security of personal data information systems, the pages of the Site on which your personal data can be processed, as well as the Site as a whole.
In addition, a warning about the transition to a website that is not under the control of the pharmacy or does not fall within the scope of the Policy is posted on our Site.
Nevertheless, we would like to warn you that the absolute confidentiality of data transmitted via the Internet does not depend on the measures taken by the pharmacy. For this reason, we recommend that you exercise caution when transferring your personal data via the Internet. We cannot guarantee that third parties without special permission will not receive access to your personal data.
How to contact us?
We guarantee to provide you at your request with information regarding the processing of your personal data, including containing: 1) confirmation of the fact of processing personal data; 2) the legal basis and purpose of processing personal data; 3) the purposes and methods used for processing personal data; 4) the processing time for personal data, including the storage period; 5) information on the implementation or on the alleged cross-border data transfer (with the appropriate written consent); 6) other information provided by law.
If you have any questions regarding the Policy or would like to receive information about the processing of your personal data, clarify, correct or destroy them, please contact us using one of the methods suggested on the Contact Us page.
Changes to the Policy
By using the Site and thereby agreeing to the processing of your personal data, you acknowledge that we may from time to time modify, modify, supplement, delete or otherwise update the Policy at its discretion without prior notice.
However, we will always handle your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy, as amended at the time of collection of information. We intend to post changes to the Privacy Policy so that you are fully informed regarding the types of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances such information can be transmitted. The privacy policy is located on our home page, and is also available on any page of our Site where personal data is requested. At the same time, we draw your attention to the fact that in some places on the Site, to collect information, you may need to obtain your separate and additional consent to the processing of personal data (compared with the consent given under the Privacy Policy).
Categories List
Best Products
Allergy
Anti Fungal
Anti Viral
Anti-Depressants
Antibacterial
Antibiotics
Arthritis
Asthma
Birth Control
Blood Pressure
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Cholesterol
Diabetes
Diuretics
Erectile Dysfunction
Eye Drop
Gastro Health
General Health
Hair Loss
Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)
Herbals
HIV
Hormones
Men’s ED Packs
Men’s Health
Mental Illness
Motion Sickness
Muscle Relaxant
Pain Relief
Quit Smoking
Skin Care
Sleeping Aids
Weight Loss
Women’s Health