http://www.msa.eun.eg/msauniversity/about-msa/welcome-to-msa/terms-of-use
Search
Apply Now / New Applicant / Student / Staff / Calendar / E-Learning / Careers
Welcome To MSA
HomeABOUTWelcome To MSATerms of Use
Terms of use
These terms apply to the entire content of all msa websites and applications. If you do not accept these terms, please do not use them. The msa university may update these terms from time to time and any changes will be effective immediately on being set out here. Please ensure you are aware of the current terms.
Please read these terms of use carefully before accessing or participating in any newsgroup,mailing list, website, application or other on-line services available at
msa.edu.eg , or other MSA sites ("alumni" or "portal"). By using and participating in these sites, you signify that you have read these terms and agree to be bound by and comply with them. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, please promptly exit all sites. MSA university reserves the right to modify these terms at any time and will publish notice of any such modifications on-line at this site or elsewhere on-line. By continuing to access a site after notice of such modifications has been published, you signify your agreement to be bound by them.
Use
Please note that some areas of the website are available only to the University staff, University students, the University alumni and/or other authorised University users.
All text, images and other content on this website is copyright of the University unless explicitly stated otherwise. You may only download or copy it for the purposes of teaching, administration and research within the University, or for personal, non-commercial use. You are required to seek written permission from the University for any other use or purpose. Contact the site administrator in the first instance, otherwise This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Without limitation to any matter set out in the University’s policies you must not use this website, and/or any interactive facilities which are available through it to:
Commit or encourage unlawful acts or in breach of these terms of use;
Misrepresent your identity;
Hack, or attempt to hack, any part of the website or any system used to run it;
Store personal data derived from the website;
Post material that is obscene, offensive, or otherwise unlawful;
Technically harm the website and/or its systems (including, without limitation, computer viruses or malicious software or harmful data).
While the University tries to make this website available 24 hours a day, it reserves the right to suspend or withdraw access, without notice, to either the whole or part of the website, for any reason.
Academic Programme Information
The University has tried to ensure that the information on this website for prospective students is correct at the time of publication on the site. However, the University reserves the right for any reason without notice to withdraw or change any of the programmes and/or to alter tuition fees, entry requirements and/or the facilities and/or services available from or provided by or on behalf of the University. You should also note that the choice of subjects may be limited by considerations of timetable, staffing and/or available places on a course.
Disclaimer
While the University tries to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of publication, it does not warrant that this is the case. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the material on this website is provided ‘as is’, and without warranties, conditions or other terms of any kind.
The University permits its students and staff to maintain personal pages on the website. Any views expressed on these pages do not necessarily represent the views of the University.
Nothing on this website constitutes any part of a contract unless otherwise expressly stated.
Any links within this website to third party websites are not checked by the University and the University bears no responsibility for the content of external sites. If you access external sites through this website, you do so at your own risk.
Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the University excludes all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party in connection with the use of this website in any way. Nothing will limit the University’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or for fraud.
Every effort is made to ensure downloadable content is free from viruses. The University accepts no liability for damages resulting from virus infection.
Copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property
Unless stated otherwise, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all text, images and other material on this website are owned by the University, or its licensors.
The trade marks and logos used and displayed on our website are the University’s registered and unregistered trademarks, or those of others. You may not use these trademarks without our prior written consent, or that of the relevant owner.
Links to Other Sites.
MSA Website may include hyperlinks to websites maintained or controlled by others. MSA is not responsible for and does not routinely screen, approve, review or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered at these websites.
Trademarks.
The logo, name and all graphics on the Sites of MSA University and the MSA Athletic Department are trademarks of MSA. Use, reproduction, copying or redistribution of trademarks, without the written permission of MSA is prohibited. All other trademarks or servicemarks appearing on the Site are the marks of their respective owners.
Accessibility
The University aims to make our sites and the material provided on them accessible to as many people as possible. We endeavour to ensure that our sites have been tested on all commonly used browsers and on a number of screen readers, but please note that you may see inconsistencies in the presentation of pages if you are using an older or deprecated version of a browser.
Viruses, Computer Misuse and other Offences
You must not misuse our sites by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our sites, the server on which the sites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our sites. You must not attack our sites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. The University may report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our sites will cease immediately.
The University will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programmes, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our sites or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. You should ensure that you have appropriate protection against viruses and other security arrangements in place when using the internet.
Password
If you choose, or are provided with a password or any other log in details to access any part of our sites, you agree:
To treat such log in information as confidential and not disclose it to any third party.
To ensure that any details supplied to us in order to register access are accurate and to advise us promptly in the event that any such details change.
The University has the right to disable any password or log in, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our sites. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our sites through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Admission Flyer 2020/2021
Tuition Fees (2020-2021)
Apply Online
Main Office - 6th Oct. Campus
26 July Mehwar Road intersection with Wahat Road, 6th October City. Egypt.
Tel. : 3837-1113
Tel. : 3837-1115
Tel. : 3837-1516
Fax : (+202) 3837-1543
info@msa.eun.eg
admission@msa.eun.eg
Hotline : 16672
ICT Manager: Eng. Amr Attia
Email: amr@msa.eun.eg
MSA Repository (MSAR)
Central Research Laboratory
Main Office - 6th Oct. Campus
26 July Mehwar Road intersection with Wahat Road, 6th October City. Egypt.
Tel. : 3837-1113
Tel. : 3837-1115
Tel. : 3837-1516
Fax : (+202) 3837-1543
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Hotline: 16672
Admission Office
New ApplicantTuition FeesAdmission PoliciesScholarshipsTransfer StudentHow to Apply OnlinePost Graduate
Online Services & Applications
Student ZoneStaff ZoneNew Applicant Zone e-LearningLibrary CatalogAcademic CalenderCourse RegistrationPayment Inquiry