http://www.fashion-scholarships.com/about/#privacy
The Best Resource for Fashion Industry Scholarships
Success Stories
Scholarship Resources
01. About Us
The fashion industry is one of the most creative, exciting, and internationally renown career endeavors that one could choose. The opportunities are immense and the personal and professional rewards are immeasurable.
Fashion-Scholarships.com is a directory created to assist students in obtaining informational and financial opportunities available in this multifaceted field. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive database of funding sources available to those with tuition and other financial needs.
The professional staff at Fashion-Scholarships.com has over four decades of experience and expertise in researching valuable funding resources. Our intent is to update this website periodically in order to assure you informational access to numerous scholarships, contests, grants, and internships.
We wish you tremendous success in your goal to acquire the education needed to enter this field of dreams—a career in fashion!
02. Privacy Policy
Our privacy pledge to you…
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. This is why we have adopted the following Privacy Policy:
The privacy and security of any personal information you provide to us will never be sold, rented, or shared with any third party for any reason. We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer. We are, therefore, appreciative of your trust in the fact that we will not transfer any personally identifying formation, regardless of its source, to anyone else.
Thank you for your confidence in Fashion-Scholarships.com. We sincerely appreciate your patronage.
03. Disclaimer
Fashion-Scholarships.com is pleased that you have found our information portal to be of interest to you. This site is maintained to enhance student access to fashion scholarship information and our service is continually under development.
Information on this site is considered public information and may be distributed and/or copied; however, we accept no responsibility and offer no warranties in relationship to the content of the website or your use of it. Neither the site nor its researchers shall be liable for any errors or for any actions taken in reliance thereof.
Reliance upon any information and materials on this site is the sole responsibility of the user. All information should be verified independently before being used or relied on.
Please be aware that we endeavor to keep the information on this site current, accurate, and complete; however, we cannot guarantee that the information is accurate or complete or that it is current at all time.
Fashion-Scholarships.com does not make any representations or warranty, expressed or implied concerning the accuracy, quality, likely results or reliability of the use of the info and materials contained on this site or otherwise relating to the materials and info or on any third party websites linked to this site.
We make every effort to ensure that the links listed on our site are current and are linked to the appropriate site.
Fashion-Scholarships.com reserves the right to change or modify this site and information contained herein at anytime without prior notification.
We thank you for your ongoing support.
Select More Information About Us:
About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
FIDM’s 2011 National Scholarship Competition
Six one-year scholarships to attend FIDM/Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising.
Scholarship deadline is April 30th, 2011.
Sign Up To Receive The 2011 Rules & Guidelines
More Information At FIDM.edu
Fashion Scholarships
View All Listings
Quick Links to FIDM.edu
About FIDM
Financial Aid
FIDM Majors
Career Development
FIDM FAQs
© Fashion-Scholarships.com 2010 All Rights Reserved
About
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer