http://www.quatrefoil.com/privacy/
Close
Studio
Work
Process
Chatter
Contact
Search for:
Recent Posts
Experience Design in a Post-Pandemic World
Quatrefoil and the COVID-19 Pandemic
Quatrefoil Announces Expanded Ownership Team
Los Alamos Historical Society
The Stories We Tell: College Park Aviation Museum’s “Delivering America: Airmail to Email”
Recent CommentsArchives
May 2020
April 2019
February 2019
January 2019
November 2018
March 2018
October 2017
August 2017
August 2016
Categories
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Quatrefoil
Studio
Work
Process
Chatter
Contact
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and make use of personal information. The following outlines our Privacy Policy.
When accessing our Website, we will learn certain information about you during your visit. Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site, your IP address.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail and telephone.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for the purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers. We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL.
We use Google Analytics software to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. However, please be assured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us by mail:
Quatrefoil
29 C Street
Laurel, MD 20707
Back to top
Contact
Quatrefoil Associates29 C StreetLaurel, MD 20707301-470-4748info@quatrefoil.com
Connect
Newsletter Signup
©
www.Quatrefoil.com / Website by My Content Co
Privacy
Search: