http://www.mghihp.edu/about-us-working-institute/organizational-information-and-institute-policies
Skip to main content
PEBT
A- A A+
add this page
Add
Organizational Information and Institute Policies
Organizational Information
In this section, you can learn more about where we came from and where we are going. Your contributions are essential in helping us achieve the experiential, interprofessional education that is at the core of our mission.
History: Our history explains our origins in the training programs of Massachusetts General Hospital and development into an independent graduate school.
Mission, Vision, and Core Values: These principles embody what we do and how we contribute to society.
Strategic Plan : This plan, developed with input from all of the MGH Institute's stakeholders, provides guidance to every aspect of our commitment to academics, research, and service.
Fact Sheet: This presents quantifiable information about students, graduates, faculty, administrators and staff, and about financial and physical resources.
MGH Institute Policies and Procedures
To ensure a professional and ethical learning environment, all members of the Institute community abide by certain standards of behavior. The following policies make explicit our commitment to shared values. The Catalog contains additional policies related to student behavior.
Human Resources Policies & Procedures: Human Resources maintains a list of policies that are specific to your employment at the Institute, available on the intranet.
Faculty Handbook: The Faculty Handbook provides information regarding policies, descriptions for dealing with academic operations and organization, faculty roles and responsibilities, and the shared governance model.
Partners and MGH Policies and Procedures: As a member of Mass General Brigham and an affiliate of Massachusetts General Hospital, MGH Institute employees also must comply with certain MGB Policies and Procedures and MGH Policies and Procedures. You will need to access these policies from your work computer.
Other Policies and Procedures to Note: This link will take you to the Institute Policy resource page that provides you links to the HR policies and procedures, the Faculty Handbook, and some other important Institute policies for all employees including our Non-Discrimination Policy, Latex Allergy Statement and Policy, Unauthorized use of the Institute name, Soliciting, Directing and Stewarding Charitable Contributions to MGH Institute of Health Professions Policy, Solicitation and Distribution Policy, Smoking Policy, and Sexual Harassment Policy.
Back to Top
New Employees Home
New Employees Checklist:
• Before You Start
• Your First Days
• Your First Weeks
• Your First Months
• Your First Year (Ongoing)