http://www.rhymeuniversity.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At RhymeUniversity.com, we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to let you know what kind of information we collect, how we use it, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may review and change some of the data you provide to us. For your benefit, we’ve provided an Overview of our privacy practices and the Full Privacy Notice below.
Our practices comply with applicable U.S. laws and requirements. We are located in the United States and this is an U.S.-based website.
By using this site, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to or within the United States.
If you are located within the European Union and are transmitting personal data on this website please review the “GDPR Support” section below.
If you are a California Resident, please see our PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS section below.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we offer, this policy likely will change.
When we change it, we will post the change(s) on our website.
If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you. You can determine when this version of the privacy notice was adopted by referring to the “EFFECTIVE DATE” below.
If you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us via email at customerservice@rhymeuniversity.com.
Privacy Overview
This is a summary of how we may collect, use and transmit information about you. It is a general overview only, and must be read in conjunction with Full Privacy Notice below.
How we collect information
Information You Provide to Us: we collect personally-identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers, etc. when and if you voluntarily provide it to us.
Information We Collect Automatically: our servers may also collect the IP addresses of visitors to our site.
Information We Receive from Other Sources: We may use cookies on our websites; for complete information please review the Full Privacy Notice below.
How we may use your information
To provide you with the services or products you request.
To facilitate customer service or to enable us to contact you if you request information.
To target valuable marketing and advertising offers.
To perform research on our users’ from surveys and from our server log files.
To may match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers (customer profiling).
Who collects your information
When visiting this site and you are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Taymark, Inc., our subsidiaries, affiliates and our service providers and business partners.
Do we share information
We may share the information you provide with our subsidiaries and related companies.
In addition, we may share your information with third parties as set forth in the Full Privacy Notice.
Third Party websites
Our website may contain various links to third-party websites. We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us, or any association with its operators, or with any of its products or services. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
Privacy Help
Please review the Full Privacy Notice below. If you have questions about our policy, please contact us in writing at customerservice@rhymeuniversity.com.
GDPR Support
The following provision applies if the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to the particular transaction and if you are a data subject, as defined by the GDPR, within the European Economic Area.
We are based in the United States and any personal data collected from this website will be transferred and processed within the U.S. If you do not agree to this, do not provide us with personal data.
Data Controller:
Taymark, Inc.
Data Subject Rights to Personal Information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Your rights as a data subject may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions.
You may exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting us in writing at gdprnotices@taymarkinc.com.
When you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. Your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under the GDPR.
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’, as defined by the GDPR. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us.
Full Privacy Notice
When do we collect information
We collect personally-identifiable information when you provide it to us.
In addition, our web servers collect the IP address visitors to our websites.
In addition, we might receive personal data and other online and offline information from our business partners who share it with us. We will use such information in accordance with applicable laws and this Privacy Notice.
What information do we collect
The personal information we collect might include your name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers, etc.
If you make a purchase on our site, your credit card number and related information will be collected.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive from you offline.
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including, for example, address update services. Finally, we also collect information using cookies and web beacons to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data.
Additional information about cookies is located below.
How we may use your information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
For example, we collect personal information to facilitate customer service or to enable us to contact you if you request information.
To provide you with email alerts, and other offers and notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
For example, we may also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our Website and present its contents to you.
For example, we use information provided by and/or collected from your use of the website to review site usage and operations, to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services, and to protect the security or integrity of the Website and our business.
Our servers may collect the IP address of visitors, as well as other information about your visit. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a website, pages viewed, etc.
We share this aggregated data with third parties and certain affiliated companies. We may use this information to measure the use of our websites, recognize you when you return to the site, remember products in your shopping cart and to improve content of our websites.
We may also offer or provide optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations. Taking part in any of these segments is optional.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
For example, we may perform research on our users based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We may do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Reasons we share information
To our service providers, suppliers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to fulfill your request for products or services on our site;
To our service providers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us;
To certain affiliates and third parties so that they may contact you directly or indirectly with marketing offers of their own;
To other companies, credit bureaus or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection;
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site Terms of Use, of the law or of our rights or the rights of any third party;
To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and
If our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for public posting to the site (for example, comments) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.
It is in violation of the site’s Terms of Use for you to post any content that requests personally identifiable information.
Who has access to your information
When you are on our website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Taymark, Inc., our subsidiaries and related companies, and our service providers.
We share your information as described in “Reasons we share information”, above.
Record Retention
We will retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We will also keep your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
We, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use cookies or web beacons on our site.
A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the site.
A web beacon is an electronic image used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page.
We may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information from you, including your IP address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data.
This information may be used in order to:
recognize you when you return to the site;
improve and personalize your experience on our site;
provide you with customized advertising; and
monitor site usage and analyze the behavior of site visitors.
You may decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
You also may be able to make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies.
Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Most web browsers let you choose whether to accept cookies.
Most also let you delete cookies already set.
The choices available, and the mechanism used, will vary from browser to browser.
Such browser settings are typically found in the “options”, “tools” or “preferences” menu. You may also consult the browser’s “help” menu. For example:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
There are online tools available for clearing all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, such as www.allaboutcookies.org.
Usually, deletion of cookies will anonymize the information associated with the pixel and a website will not receive any further associated information.
Your Rights; Contact Us
You can request to access, update, correct, and delete your information you provided to us by sending us an email at customerservice@rhymeuniversity.com. Keeping your personal data current helps ensure that we can respect your preferences. When you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. Your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice.
Security of Personal Data
We have implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to safeguard your personal data. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data submitted through our websites.
Third Parties
This Privacy Notice only addresses the collection, processing and use (including disclosure) of information by us. This site may contain various links to third-party websites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of Taymark, Inc., and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Taymark, Inc. has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
Additional Privacy Information
Transfer of Data
We are based in the United States and any personal data collected from this website may be transferred to and processed within the U.S. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in the U.S. may not be equivalent to those in your home country. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing and/or processing of data.
Children’s Privacy
This Website is not directed to or designed to solicit individuals under the age of 13. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe that we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at customerservice@rhymeuniversity.com.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on a Do Not Track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
We have disclosed our collection practices herein, but at this time, we do not honor do-not track signals. Some of the third parties that we work with may honor such requests.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice of Taymark, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). For purposes of this section, any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from users of our website when the user or their agent provides personal information to us.
Indirectly from you.
For example, by observing your interactions on our website and by using cookies.
From third party business partners.
For example, address update services.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A:        Identifiers.
Category B:        California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D:        Commercial Information
Category F:        Internet or other similar network activity.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes other than those set forth in our Privacy Notice without providing you notice.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers and business partners.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information (as the term “sell” is defined by the CCPA):
Category A:        Identifiers.
Category B:        California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D:        Commercial Information
Category F:        Internet or other similar network activity.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information (as the term “sell” is defined by the CCPA) to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates that may not share the same branding.
Service providers and business partners.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are a California resident 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of California residents we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following link: Click Here
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of personal information sold, the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold; and
The categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling toll free at 844-277-9138 or by submitting a request to the following link:
Click Here
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to submit a request to the following link: Click Here, or by calling toll free at 844-277-9138 or by emailing the email addresses in this notice.
EFFECTIVE DATE:
12/26/2019
SV 1.0