https://www.milton.edu/about/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Students
Living at Milton
Spaces and Places
Traditions
Student Activities
Clubs and Organizations
Community Engagement
College Counseling
Academic Skills Center
Cox Library
Health and Counseling
Student Safety
Student Links
Student Handbook
Parents
Parents’ Newsletter
Parents’ Association
Student Handbook
Parent FAQs
International Parents
Explore Boston
Places to Stay and Dine
myMilton Login
Faculty and Staff
Academic Departments
Offices and Directories
Phone Directory
All-School Calendar
Calendar Event Request
myMilton Login
Faculty Links
Alumni
Giving to Milton
Volunteer
Alumni News
Alumni Events
Alumni Directory
Alumni FAQs
Reunion Weekend
Giving
Ways to Give
Give Now
Priorities
Milton Fund
Dare Campaign
Planned Giving
Report on Giving
Our Supporters
Development Staff
Calendar
All-School Calendar
Upper School Calendar
Upper School Athletics
Upper School Arts
Middle School Calendar
Middle School Athletics
Lower School Calendar
2020-2021 Upper School
2020–2021 Middle School
2020–2021 Lower School
Calendar Event Request
Middle School
How to Apply
Middle School Academics
Middle School Athletics
Arts in the Middle School
Middle School Calendar
Library
Middle School Programs
Middle School Faculty
Lower School
How to Apply
Lower School Academics
Arts in the Lower School
Lower School Calendar
Library
Lower School Faculty
After School Program
Saturday Course
Summer Reading
Milton Academy Privacy Policy
Last modified: November 1, 2018
Introduction
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.milton.edu, the main Milton Academy website, and other websites that can be accessed from www.milton.edu, including the password-protected my.milton.edu site accessible by employees, students and parents. By using any of these websites (collectively, the “Website”), you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to our Privacy Policy,” below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed acceptance of any changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Personally Identifiable Information
We define Personally Identifiable Information, or (“PII”) as certain information such as name, date of birth, Social Security number, phone number, email address, physical address, bank account information, credit card information, or any combination of information, which could be used to identify you, if you choose to provide it to the Website.
What information do we collect?
Through your use of this Website, we may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide to us: Depending on how you use the Website, we may ask you for information that can include PII. Whenever you use the Website to request admissions information, make a gift or donation to Milton Academy, register for an event, sign up for a service such as the alumni directory, or register your child at Milton Academy through the my.milton.edu portal, certain information, including PII, may be requested. This information is used to obtain payment, to fulfill your request, or to enter your child’s information into our system.
Information gathered automatically: We and our third-party vendors may collect certain information regarding your use of the Website, such as your IP address and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on the Website may be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing the Website. Because the IP address is device-specific, it is not, in and of itself, PII. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information unless required to do so by law.
Cookies: Cookies are small data files that a website commonly places on a visitor’s hard drive to identify the user when the user returns. Generic information is collected through the use of cookies to evaluate usage and traffic patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. Your browser may be set to warn you before accepting cookies and you can choose to refuse cookies by selecting that option in your browser; doing so, however, may prevent you from using the full functionality of our Website.
What do we use the information for?
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide services and information to you. We may use information that you provide about yourself to fulfill request for programs and services, to respond to inquiries about our offerings, and to assist you in enrolling and managing your student’s experience at Milton Academy.
We also use information we gather from you for systems administration purposes, to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email addresses for commercial purposes without your permission.
User information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users. For example:
Milton Academy uses a third-party tool, Google Analytics, to gain visibility into site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and other user interests in order to optimize our Website for our users. Google Analytics collects only the IP addresses assigned to you on the date that you visit the Website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine information collected through the use of Google Analytics with PII. Although Google Analytics uses cookies to identify unique users the next time you visit this Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Website by disabling cookies on your browser.
Any third-party tools will have their own terms of use and privacy policies. You can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page.
We may provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.
Disclosure of PII
Milton Academy may disclose PII to respond to legal requirements and enforce our School rules and policies. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We may also share PII with:
Agents, contractors and/or service providers for Milton Academy who assist with our operations (e.g., the service provider that handles fulfillment of credit card transactions made via the Milton Academy Website);
Law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to an investigation or alleged illegal activity;
Third parties that provide a valid subpoena or court order; or
Third parties as requested or authorized by you (or your parent or guardian if you are a minor).
External Links
Our Website offers links to other sites that are not owned or affiliated with Milton Academy. These sites have their own security policies, terms of use, and privacy policies. If you choose to visit one of these websites you should review the policies of their sites. Milton Academy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such websites.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as Twitter and Instagram, or other social media services for which our Website has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Children’s Privacy
The Milton Academy Website has no intention of collecting any PII from individuals under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct those under the age of 13 not to submit such information on our Website and/or will take reasonable steps to ensure parental consent to such submissions.
Information Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You may not share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Milton Academy is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Milton Academy reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. When we make changes, we will revise the “last modified” date at the top of this Privacy Policy page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
webmaster@milton.edu
170 Centre Street
Milton, MA  02186
617-898-1798
myMiltonParent Login
Student Login
Faculty and Staff Login
Schoology Login
Teaching and Learning Login
Alumni Directory
Trustee Login
Find It FastCampus Map
Directions
Offices and Directories
Academy Bookstore
Facility Rentals
Careers at Milton
ResourcesCox Library
College Counseling
Academic Skills Center
Health and Counseling
Milton Magazine
Calendar of Events
X