http://www.kbcc.cuny.edu/its/policies.html
Acceptable Use of Computer Resources
Home
Its
Acceptable Use
NAVIGATE THIS SECTION
Homepage
Academic Servicesexpand menu
Classroom Whiteboards
Laptop Loan Program - Faculty
Laptop Loan Program - Students
ePortfolio Digication
Email Student Help Desk
New Student Email
Location of Classroom Display Devices
Lab Request
Network Software Request
Laptop Cart Request
Lab Request for Workshop/Seminar
Request Forms
Staff Directory
Blackboard
Client Support Servicesexpand menu
Help Desk
Access to CUNYfirst
Email Auto Forwarding
Password Policy
Acceptable Use of Computer Resources
Private Information Advisory
CUNYfirst
Current IT Projects
Data/Computer Securityexpand menu
Cyber Security Tips
Security Tips
A Guide to Protect Your Computer and Privacy
Guidelines for Creating Passwords
Why Cyber Security is Important?
FAQ
Networking Servicesexpand menu
Citrix
CUNY Free Antivirus Protection
Email Accounts
Spam Protection System
Wireless Coverage Issue - Staff
Wireless Coverage Problem - Students
Plasma Screen Image Submission
Schedule of IT Offices and Support
Staff and Faculty Resourcesexpand menu
IT Laptop Loan Program - Faculty
IT Laptop Loan Program - Staff
Cyber Security Tips
CUNY/CIS is Implementing "Forgot Your Username/Password?"
Remote Support Request (BOMGAR)
Instructions for Registration of Wireless Devices
Software Availability
Archibus V23 Requestor Manualexpand menu
Archibus V23 Requestor Manual (PDF)
Archibus V23 Requestor Manual (Onine)
Student Resourcesexpand menu
Check your Email - Students
ASAP Equipment Request Form
Media Center Laptop Loan Program
Student Technology Fee Plan
Telecommunicationsexpand menu
Telecom FAQ
Voicemail Instructions
Conferencing
Courtesy Phones
Requesting Online Help
Training Servicesexpand menu
Faculty Orientation
Training Request Form
Software Training and Documentation
Web Servicesexpand menu
Web Guidelines for Departments
Website Media Guidelines
Web Feedback Form
Contact
Policies Acceptable Use of Computer Resourcesexpand menu
CUNY's Computer Use Policy
KCC Policy on Acceptable use of Computer Resources
Wireless Use Policy
Website Policy
OITS Strategic Plan 2014 - 2017
IT Functional Organization Chart
IT Organization Chart
Kingsborough Community College Policy on Acceptable Use of Computer Resources
Introduction
Kingsborough's computer resources are dedicated to the support of the college's mission
of education, research and public service. In furtherance of this mission, Kingsborough
respects, upholds and endeavors to safeguard the principles of academic freedom, freedom
of expression, and freedom of inquiry. Kingsborough recognizes that there is a concern among the college community that because
information created, used, transmitted, or stored in electronic form is by its nature
susceptible to disclosure, invasion, loss, and similar risks, electronic communications
and transactions will be particularly vulnerable to infringements of academic freedom.
Kingsborough's commitment to the principles of academic freedom and freedom of expression
includes electronic information. Therefore, whenever possible, Kingsborough will resolve
doubts about the need to access Kingsborough computer resources in favor of the user's
privacy interest. However, the use of Kingsborough computer resources, including for electronic transactions
and communications, like the use of other college provided resources and activities,
is subject to the requirements of legal, ethical, and moral behavior. This policy
is intended to support the free exchange of ideas among members of the Kingsborough
community and between the Kingsborough community and other communities, while recognizing
the responsibilities and limitations associated with such exchange.
Applicability This policy applies to all users of Kingsborough computer resources, whether affiliated
with Kingsborough or not, and whether accessing those resources on a Kingsborough
campus or remotely.
Definitions
Kingsborough Computer resources refers to all computer and information technology
hardware, software, data, access and other resources owned, operated, or contracted
by Kingsborough Community College. This includes, but is not limited to, personal
computers, handheld devices, workstations, mainframes, minicomputers, servers, network
facilities, databases, memory, and associated peripherals and software, and the applications
they support, such as e mail and access to the internet.
E mail includes point to point messages, postings to newsgroups (available outside
the college) and listservs (for both faculty & staff and students), and all other
electronic messages involving computers and computer networks. Rules for Use of Kingsborough Computer Resources1. Authorization. Users may not access a Kingsborough computer resource without authorization or use
it for purposes beyond the scope of authorization. This includes attempting to circumvent
Kingsborough computer resource system protection facilities by hacking, cracking or
similar activities, accessing or using another person's computer account, and allowing
another person to access or use the user's account. This provision shall not prevent
a user from authorizing a colleague or clerical assistant to access information under
the user's account on the user's behalf while away from a Kingsborough campus or because
of a disability. Kingsborough computer resources may not be used to gain unauthorized
access to another computer system within or outside of Kingsborough. Users are responsible
for all actions performed from their computer account that they permitted or failed
to prevent by taking ordinary security precautions.
2. Purpose. Use of Kingsborough computer resources is limited to activities relating to the
performance by Kingsborough employees of their duties and responsibilities. For example,
use of Kingsborough computer resources for private commercial or not for profit business
purposes, for private advertising of products or services, or for any activity meant
solely to foster personal gain, is prohibited. Similarly, use of Kingsborough computer
resources for partisan political activity is also prohibited.
Except with respect to Kingsborough employees other than faculty, where a supervisor
has prohibited it in writing, incidental personal use of computer resources is permitted
so long as such use does not interfere with Kingsborough operations, does not compromise
the functioning of Kingsborough computer resources, does not interfere with the user's
employment or other obligations to Kingsborough, and is otherwise in compliance with
this policy.
3. Compliance with Law. Kingsborough computer resources may not be used for any purpose or in any manner
that violates Kingsborough Community College rules, regulations or policies, or any
federal, state or local law. Users who engage in electronic communications with persons
in other states or countries or on other systems or networks may also be subject to
the laws of those other states and countries, and the rules and policies of those
other systems and networks. Users are responsible for ascertaining, understanding,
and complying with the laws, rules, policies, contracts, and licenses applicable to
their particular use. Examples of applicable federal and state laws include the laws of libel, obscenity
and child pornography, as well as the following:
o Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
o Electronic Communications Privacy Act
o Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
o New York State Freedom of Information Law
o New York State Law with respect to the confidentiality of library records
Examples of applicable Kingsborough rules and policies include the following:
o Sexual Harassment Policy
o Policy on Maintenance of Public Order
o University Web Site Privacy Policy
o Gramm Leach Bliley Information Security Program
o University Policy on Academic Integrity
o College and University Information Security policies
4. Licenses and Intellectual Property. Users of Kingsborough Community College computer resources may use only legally obtained,
licensed data or software and must comply with applicable licenses or other contracts,
as well as copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
Much of what appears on the internet and/or is distributed via electronic communication
is protected by copyright law, regardless of whether the copyright is expressly noted.
Users of Kingsborough computer resources should generally assume that material is
copyrighted unless they know otherwise, and not copy, download or distribute copyrighted
material without permission unless the use does not exceed fair use as defined by
the federal Copyright Act of 1976. Protected material may include, among other things,
text, photographs, audio, video, graphic illustrations, and computer software.
5. False Identity and Harassment. Users of Kingsborough computer resources may not employ a false identity, mask the
identity of an account or computer, or use computer resources to engage in abuse of
others, such as sending harassing, obscene, threatening, abusive, deceptive, or anonymous
messages within or outside Kingsborough.
6. Confidentiality. Users of Kingsborough computer resources may not invade the privacy of others by,
among other things, viewing, copying, modifying or destroying data or programs belonging
to or containing personal or confidential information about others, without explicit
permission to do so. Kingsborough employees must take precautions to protect the confidentiality
of personal or confidential information encountered in the performance of their duties
or otherwise.
7. Integrity of ComputerNetwork and Resources. Users may not install, use or develop programs, nor hardware, intended to infiltrate
or damage a computer resource(s), or which could reasonably be expected to cause,
directly or indirectly, excessive strain on any computing facility. This includes,
but is not limited to, programs known as computer viruses, Trojan horses, and worms,
and any computer hardware not purchased and installed by college personnel. Users
should consult with the CIO before installing any programs that they are not sure
are safe. Under no circumstances should any non college equipment be installed, connected,
or in anyway mated to college equipment.
8. Disruptive Activities. Kingsborough computer resources must not be used in a manner that could reasonably
be expected to cause or does cause, directly or indirectly, unwarranted or unsolicited
interference with the activity of other users. This provision explicitly prohibits
chain letters, virus hoaxes or other intentional e mail transmissions that disrupt
normal e mail service. Also prohibited are spamming, junk mail or other unsolicited
mail that is not related to Kingsborough business and is sent without a reasonable
expectation that the recipient would welcome receiving it, as well as the inclusion
on e mail lists of individuals who have not requested membership on the lists, other
than the inclusion of members of the Kingsborough community on lists related to Kingsborough
business. Kingsborough has the right to require users of Kingsborough computer resources
to limit or refrain from other specific uses if, in the opinion of the CIO or Vice
President of Administration or the Dean of Students, such use interferes with efficient
operations of the system, subject to appeal to the President.
9. Kingsborough Names and Trademarks. Kingsborough names, trademarks and logos belong to the college and are protected
by law. Users of Kingsborough computer resources may not state or imply that they
speak on behalf of Kingsborough or use a Kingsborough name, trademark or logo without
authorization to do so. Affiliation with Kingsborough does not, by itself, imply authorization
to speak on behalf of Kingsborough.
10. Security. Kingsborough employs various measures to protect the security of its computer resources
and of users accounts. However, Kingsborough cannot guarantee such security. Users
are responsible for engaging in safe computing practices such as guarding and not
sharing their passwords, changing passwords regularly, logging out of systems at the
end of use, and protecting private information, as well as for following Kingsborough's
Information Security policies and procedures. Users must report incidents of Information
Security policy non compliance or other security incidents to Kingsborough's Chief
Information Officer.
11. Email/password usage advisory.Whether information of a sensitive-nature is transported via e-mail, either as text
or as an attachment, we remind our constituents to adhere to the following practices.
Passwords, PIN or any type of security or access code should not be transmitted as
part of an e-mail message (either as in-line text or attachment) without the data
being encrypted. The decryption key must be transmitted separately from the encrypted
data. The communication of passwords, PIN, or other type of security or access code
should be communicated over a land-based telephone line or secured wireless telephone
equipment. Transmission of other private or sensitive information should be handled
similarly to passwords, PIN, or any type of security or access code. Private or sensitive
information would be data elements or collection of data elements that could be used
to attribute directly to an individual. Examples would include, but are not limited
to, social security number, drivers' license number, credit/debit card numbers, salary,
and medical information.
In some cases, electronic mail messages created from CUNY electronic mail systems
are automatically forwarded to non-CUNY electronic mail systems. This practice potentially
exposes private or sensitive information to the public Internet or misuse or diversion
on non-CUNY provided computers. Kingsborough does not allow and encourage automatic
forwarding since sensitive information could be a part of email messages and/or attachments.
All official transactions with Student Community, Staff and Faculty should be performed
using college provided email accounts to ensure securing non public information. The
following two rules govern the use of Email Groups for sending email to Staff or Faculty:1. The sender is part of the approved sender list;2. The Email Group mailing may only be carried out using and within the campus email
system.Sometimes individuals are asked to disclose their passwords because of absences (planned
or otherwise) from the office. The practice of sharing passwords is not allowed and
computer access should only be allowed through a user ID belonging to a specific individual.12. Filtering. Kingsborough reserves the right to install spam, virus and spyware filters and similar
devices if necessary in the judgment of Kingsborough's Office of Information Technology
to protect the security and integrity of Kingsborough computer resources. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Kingsborough will not install filters that restrict access to e mail,
instant messaging,chatrooms or websites based solely on content. 13. Confidential Research Information. Principal investigators and others who use Kingsborough computer resources to store
or transmit research information that is required by law or regulation to be held
confidential or for which a promise of confidentiality has been given, are responsible
for taking steps to protect confidential research information from unauthorized access
or modification. In general, this means storing the information on a computer that
provides strong access controls (passwords) and encrypting files, documents, and messages
for protection against inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure while in storage or
in transit over data networks. Robust encryption is strongly recommended for information
stored electronically on all computers, especially portable devices such as notebook
computers, Personal Digital Assistants (PDAs), and portable data storage (e.g., memory
sticks) that are vulnerable to theft or loss, as well as for information transmitted
over public networks. Software and protocols used should be reviewed and approved
by Kingsborough's Office of Information Technology. 14. Kingsborough Access to Computer Resources. Kingsborough does not routinely monitor, inspect, or disclose individual usage of
its computer resources without the user's consent. In most instances, if the college
needs information located in a Kingsborough computer resource, it will simply request
it from the author or custodian. However, Kingsborough IT professionals and staff
do regularly monitor general usage patterns as part of normal system operations and
maintenance and might, in connection with these duties, observe the contents of web
sites, e mail or other electronic communications. Except as provided in this policy
or by law, these individuals are not permitted to seek out contents or transactional
information, or disclose or otherwise use what they have observed. Nevertheless, because
of the inherent vulnerability of computer technology to unauthorized intrusions, users
have no guarantee of privacy during any use of Kingsborough computer resources or
in any data in them, whether or not a password or other entry identification or encryption
is used. Users may expect that the privacy of their electronic communications and
of any materials contained in computer storage in any Kingsborough electronic device
dedicated to their use will not be intruded upon by Kingsborough except as outlined
in this policy. Kingsborough may specifically monitor or inspect the activity and accounts of individual
users of Kingsborough computer resources, including individual login sessions, e mail
and other communications, without notice, in the following circumstances:
a. when the user has voluntarily made them accessible to the public, as by posting
to Usenet or a web page;
b. when it is reasonably necessary to do so to protect the integrity, security, or
functionality of Kingsborough or other computer resources, as determined by the college
chief information officer or his or her designee, after consultation with Kingsborough's
chief information officer or his or her designee;
c. when it is reasonably necessary to diagnose and resolve technical problems involving
system hardware, software, or communications, as determined by the college chief information
officer or his or her designee, after consultation with Kingsborough's chief information
officer or his or her designee;
d. when it is reasonably necessary to protect Kingsborough from liability, or when
failure to act might result in significant bodily harm, significant property loss
or damage, or loss of significant evidence, as determined by the college president
or a vice president designated by the president, after consultation with the Office
of General Counsel and the Dean of Faculty (if a Kingsborough faculty member's account
or activity is involved)
e. when there is a reasonable basis to believe that Kingsborough policy or federal,
state or local law has been or is being violated, as determined by the college president
or a vice president designated by the president, after consultation with the Office
of General Counsel and the Dean of Faculty (if a Kingsborough faculty member's account
or activity is involved)
f. when an account appears to be engaged in unusual or unusually excessive activity,
as indicated by the monitoring of general activity and usage patterns, as determined
by the college president or a vice president designated by the president and the college
chief information officer or his or her designee, after consultation with Kingsborough's
chief information officer or his or her designee, the Office of General Counsel, and
the Dean of Faculty (if a Kingsborough faculty member's account or activity is involved)
g. as otherwise required by law or law enforcement.
In those situations in which the Dean of Faculty is to be consulted prior to monitoring
or inspecting an account or activity, the following procedures shall apply: (i) the
college president shall report the completion of the monitoring or inspection to the
Department Chair or Director and the Kingsborough employee affected, who shall also
be told the reason for the monitoring or inspection, except where specifically forbidden
by law; and (ii) if the monitoring or inspection of an account or activity requires
physical entry into a faculty member's office, the faculty member shall be advised
prior thereto and shall be permitted to be present to observe, except where specifically
forbidden by law. A Kingsborough employee may apply to the General Counsel for an exemption from some
or all of the circumstances under which Kingsborough may inspect and monitor computer
resource activity and accounts, pursuant to subparagraphs (a) (f) above, with respect
to a Kingsborough computer resource used solely for the collection, examination, analysis,
transmission or storage of confidential research data. In considering such application,
the General Counsel shall have the right to require the employee to affirm in writing
that the computer resource(s) will be used solely for the confidential research. Any
application for exemption should be made prior to using the computer resource for
the confidential research. Kingsborough, in its discretion, may disclose the results of any general or individual
monitoring or inspection to appropriate Kingsborough personnel or agents, or law enforcement
or other agencies. The results may be used in college disciplinary proceedings, discovery
proceedings in legal actions, or otherwise as is necessary to protect the interests
of the College. In addition, users should be aware that Kingsborough may be required to disclose to
the public under the New York State Freedom of Information Law communications made
by means of Kingsborough computer resources in conjunction with College business.
Any disclosures of activity of accounts of individual users to persons or entities
outside of Kingsborough, whether discretionary or required by law, shall be approved
by the General Counsel and shall be conducted in accordance with any applicable law.
Except where specifically forbidden by law, Kingsborough employees subject to such
disclosures shall be informed promptly after the disclosure of the actions taken and
the reasons for them. The Office of General Counsel shall issue an annual statement of the instances of
account monitoring or inspection that fall within categories (d) through (g) above.
The statement shall indicate the number of such instances and the cause and result
of each. No personally identifiable data shall be included in this statement. 15. Enforcement. Violation of this policy may result in suspension or termination of an individual's
right of access to Kingsborough computer resources, disciplinary action by appropriate
Kingsborough authorities, referral to law enforcement authorities for criminal prosecution,
or other legal action,including action to recover civil damages and penalties.
Violations will normally be handled through college disciplinary procedures applicable
to the relevant user. For example, alleged violations by students will normally be
investigated, and any penalties or other discipline will normally be imposed, by the
Dean of Students. Kingsborough has the right to temporarily suspend computer use privileges and to remove
from Kingsborough computer resources material it believes violates this policy, pending
the outcome of an investigation of misuse or finding of violation. This power may
be exercised only by the President of each college or the Chancellor.
16. Additional Rules. Additional rules, policies, guidelines and/or restrictions may be in effect for specific
computers, systems, or networks, or at specific computer facilities at the discretion
of the directors of those facilities. Any such rules which potentially limit the privacy
or confidentiality of electronic communications or information contained in or delivered
by or over Kingsborough computer resources will be subject to the substantive and
procedural safeguards provided by this policy. 17. Disclaimer. Kingsborough shall not be responsible for any damages, costs or other liabilities
of any nature whatsoever with regard to the use of Kingsborough computer resources.
This includes, but is not limited to, damages caused by unauthorized access to Kingsborough
computer resources, data loss, or other damages resulting from delays, non deliveries,
or service interruptions, whether or not resulting from circumstances under the Kingsborough's
control.
Users receive and use information obtained through Kingsborough computer resources
at their own risk. Kingsborough makes no warranties (expressed or implied) with respect
to the use of Kingsborough computer resources. Kingsborough accepts no responsibility
for the content of web pages or graphics that are linked from Kingsborough web pages,
for any advice or information received by a user through use of Kingsborough computer
resources, or for any costs or charges incurred by a user as a result of seeking or
accepting such advice or information. Kingsborough reserves the right to change this policy and other related policies at
any time. Kingsborough reserves any rights and remedies that it may have under any
applicable law, rule or regulation. Nothing contained in this policy will in any way
act as a waiver of such rights and remedies.
CUNY's Computer Use Policy