http://www.complit.uiuc.edu/web-privacy-notice
Skip to content
login
Comparative & World Literature
People
Faculty
Affiliated Faculty
Grad Students
Contact
Undergraduate
Admissions
Majoring in Comparative Literature
Majoring in World Literature
Minoring in World Literature
Graduate
Admissions
Ph.D. (Stage One)
Ph.D. (Stage Two)
Graduate Handbook
Courses
CWL Courses
Course Catalog
Advising
More
Alumni & Placement
Department Newsletters
Support CWL
Stay Connected
Web Privacy Notice
Unless otherwise noted, the Comparative & World Literatures website adheres to the University of Illinois Web Privacy Notice.
Google Analytics
All pages on  the Comparative & World Literatures website utilize a technology known as Google Analytics. This technology places "cookies" on user computers that allow us to gather general statistics regarding how our Web sites are used. For example, if we know what browsers and screen resolution our users have, we are better able to design Web pages that suit our users. Also, if we see that few people use a particular link or page, then we can remove it from our site. The statistics we gather are aggregate. We do not retain any specific information about a particular user.
If you would like to read more about Google Analytics, please see the Google Web site.
Find out more about "cookies."
Web site visitors who would prefer not to have their data collected by Google Analytics can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. To learn more, read the Google Analytics privacy policy.
Permanent Cookie Disclosure Statement
Some actions on the Comparative & World Literatures website result in a permanent cookie being created. Cookies are small pieces of data stored by a web browser on a user’s computer. The value of creating a permanent cookie is that the cookie allows Comparative & World Literatures to capture aggregate information about the number of users who come to our site, the types of browsers and screen resolution they use, and other information that allows us to better serve our users. The cookie also allows us to maintain your session should you login to change your site bio or photo. With this information we are able to create and maintain web pages that work correctly for the vast majority of users, including users with particular web accessibility needs.
For additional information, see the University of Illinois Web Privacy Notice, including its section on “Cookies and Login Security.”
If you have additional questions about this site, please contact the Comparative & World Literatures web maintainer.
3072 Foreign Languages Building, MC-160
707 S. Mathews Ave, Urbana, IL 61801
telephone: 217-333-4987
fax: 217-244-4019
complit@illinois.edu
Department Newsletters
More Contact Information
Web Privacy Notice
See Also
Kritik
Comparative & World Lit Graduate Student Association
Institute for World Literature
American Comparative Literature Association
Modern Language Association
Illinois Program for Research in the Humanities
Unit for Criticism and Interpretive Theory
University Library
Medieval Studies
Department of Gender and Women's Studies
Cookie Settings