https://www.cleveland.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 Information
(Learn More)
×
Students & Faculty
Alumni
Blog
Health Center
Connect With An Advisor
AcademicsCollege of ChiropracticCollege of Health SciencesDegrees & CertificationsUniversity CatalogsAcademic CalendarLibraryInternships & Clinical ExperienceOnline Degree & Online CoursesAdmissionsAdmission RequirementsTuition & CostsFinancial Aid & ScholarshipsOpen House ScheduleVisit CampusHow to ApplyRequest InformationAdmissions TeamFor ParentsFor Advisors & CounselorsApplication for AdmissionCampus LifeCommunity & AmenitiesHousingMaps & DirectionsStudent OrganizationsCampus SafetyStudents With DisabilitiesAcademic Records & SupportAbout Kansas CityAbout UsWhy Cleveland?The Cleveland StoryCleveland at a GlanceBoard of TrusteesAdministrationAccreditationConsumer InformationEmploymentContact CUKC
Menu
Connect With An Advisor
Privacy Policy
CLEVELAND UNIVERSITY-KANSAS CITY WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
(Date of Last Revision: August 23, 2016)
The website https://www.cleveland.edu (hereinafter, the “Site”) is owned and operated by Cleveland Chiropractic College and Cleveland University-Kansas City (collectively, “Cleveland,” “we,” or “us”). The Site provides information related to the educational services provided by Cleveland, its academic programs, financial aid, alumni directories and events, campus life, Cleveland’s health clinic, and other related information; and the Site accepts requests for information, and online applications for admission (the “Services”).
The Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”) and the Privacy Policy (https://www.cleveland.edu/privacy-policy) constitute a binding agreement between you and Cleveland. Please read carefully through all sections of the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of the Site is subject to the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. By accessing, or otherwise submitting your contact information to receive more information from us or make a financial contribution through the Site, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, then you may not use the Site and you should not submit your contact information to Cleveland through the Site. The Terms of Use and Privacy Policy may be changed by us from time to time without notice to you and the governing version will be posted on the Site. Please review the posted terms on a regular basis as your use of the Site will be governed by the then-current Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Proprietary Rights
Cleveland provides the Site solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not use the contents of the Site in any manner or for any purpose that would constitute infringement of Cleveland’s or its licensors’ intellectual property rights. You may not copy or post any content of the Site in any other public forum, including other websites, web services, or print publications without the written consent of Cleveland. You may download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site or documents available for download for your personal, non-commercial use. Cleveland or its licensors own all trademarks and service marks appearing on the Site. The unauthorized use or misuse of these trademarks and service marks is prohibited.
Prohibited Activities
The following activities are expressly prohibited from the Site:
Using or submitting any offensive content including, but not limited to, obscene language, obscene references, obscene images, threatening or harassing messages, or defamatory statements.
Engaging in activity that compromises the Site. Such activity may include, but is not limited to hacking, IP attacks, worms, viruses, spamming, phishing, cancel bots, Trojan horses, and mail bombing or crashing.
Engaging in any activity designed to impede the use of the Site by other users, including overloading and flooding.
Framing or deep linking into the Site.
Accessing the Site by means of automated process, spiders, bots or similar device.
Federal and State Laws
When using the Site, on the Site, or when using any other media provided by Cleveland, you must obey all applicable federal, state and local laws. The Site is operated from the United States. Any use of the Site that violates any applicable laws will be grounds for discontinuing your rights to access the Site.
Medical Disclaimer
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE IS NOT INTENDED, AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR CONSULTATIONS WITH QUALIFIED HEALTH PROFESSIONALS. THE INFORMATION AND VIEWS PROVIDED BY INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTORS SHALL NOT BE ATTRIBUTED TO CLEVELAND.
THE SITE IS NOT INTENDED OR DESIGNED TO PROVIDE A RESPONSE IN A MEDICAL EMERGENCY. IF THIS IS A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY CALL EMERGENCY SERVICES (911) TO GET PROMPT MEDICAL ATTENTION. DO NOT RELY ON THE SITE OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE IN REGARD TO YOUR EMERGENCY MEDICAL NEEDS.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY REFERENCED THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THIS INCLUDES ANY LISTING OF ANY THIRD-PARTY GOODS OR SERVICE PROVIDER INCLUDED IN THE SITE. ANY LINKS TO A THIRD-PARTY GOODS OR SERVICE PROVIDER IS SUPPLIED AS A CONVENIENCE TO THE USER, AND LISTING DOES NOT CONSTITUTE SPONSORSHIP, AFFILIATION, PARTNERSHIP, OR ENDORSEMENT. Cleveland DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Cleveland DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE, MATERIAL ON THE SITE IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
By providing THE SERVICES on the site, Cleveland does not in any way promise that the SERVICEs will remain available to you. Cleveland is entitled to terminate all or part of any of the site at any time, in its sole discretion without notice to you.
Limitation of Liability
THE LIABILITY OF Cleveland and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party service providers, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THE USER’S USE OF THE SITE, OR THE RENDITION OF SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, ONE HUNDRED ($100) u.s. DOLLARS.
IN NO EVENT WILL Cleveland BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THE SITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF Cleveland IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Cleveland and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party service providers, and you agree to defend and hold each of them harmless from any and all claims, demands, actions, liability, fines, penalties and expenses, whether based on warranty, contract, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, that may arise from any of your acts through the use of the Site. Such acts may include, but are not limited to: submissions, unauthorized use of material obtained through the Site, or breach the terms of this Agreement.
Third-Party Links
This website may contain links to other third-party websites. Such third-party sites are maintained by persons or organizations over which Cleveland exercises no control. Cleveland expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content or results from your use of such third-party links.
Copyright Complaints
Cleveland respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Cleveland’s copyright agent with the following information.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
Description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
The location on the Site of the material that you claim is infringing;
Your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A statement that your claim of infringement is based on a good faith belief; and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information you have provided is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Cleveland’s copyright administrator for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site can be reached as follows:
Cleveland University-Kansas City
10850 Lowell Avenue
Overland Park, Kansas 66210
913.234.0600
Miscellaneous Provisions
Severability. If any term or provision in the Agreement is found to be void, against public policy, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction and such finding or order becomes final with all appeals exhausted, then the offending provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so modified, then the same shall be deemed stricken from the Agreement in its entirety, and the remainder of this Agreement shall survive with the said offending provision eliminated.
Website Availability. Because public networks, such as the internet, occasionally experience disruptions, Cleveland cannot guarantee the Site will be available 100% of the time. Although Cleveland strives to provide a reliable website, interruptions and delays in accessing the Site are unavoidable, and Cleveland disclaims any liability for damages resulting from such problems.
Typographical Errors. Information on the Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. We attempt to make the Site’s postings as accurate as possible, but Cleveland does not warrant the content of the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
Headings. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
Controlling Law and Venue. It is understood and agreed that all the construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the relationship between the parties shall at all times and in all respects be governed by the internal laws of the State of Kansas, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Venue of any action brought to enforce or relating to this Agreement or arising out of the relationship between the parties shall be brought exclusively in the courts of Overland Park, Kansas.
Questions
If you have any questions about Cleveland, the Site, our Service, the Privacy Policy, or the Terms of Use, you may contact us at:
Cleveland University-Kansas City
10850 Lowell Avenue
Overland Park, Kansas 66210
913.234.0600
CLEVELAND UNIVERSITY-KANSAS CITY WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
(Date of Last Revision: August 23, 2016)
The website, https://www.cleveland.edu (hereinafter, the “Site”), is owned and operated by Cleveland Chiropractic College and Cleveland University-Kansas City (collectively, “Cleveland,” “we,” or “us”). The Site provides information related to the educational services provided by Cleveland, its academic programs, financial aid, alumni directories and events, campus life, Cleveland’s health clinic, and other related information; and the Site accepts requests for information, and online applications for admission (the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use which constitutes a binding agreement between you and Cleveland. Please read carefully through all sections of this Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. By accessing and/or otherwise using the Site, or otherwise submitting your contact information to receive more information from us or make a financial contribution through the Site, you agree to Cleveland’s use of the non-personal and personal data we collect through your use of the Site as set forth below in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, then you may not use the Site and you should not submit your personal data to the Site. This Privacy Policy may be changed by us from time to time without notice to you, and the governing version will be posted on the Site. Please review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as your use of the Site will be governed by the then-current Privacy Policy.
Cleveland recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our current and prospective students, employees, alumni, and other users of the Site. However, some uses of such information are required for us to conduct legitimate business by providing information of interest to our current and prospective students, alumni, or other users of the Site.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Except as expressly identified below, we do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third party. Thus, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.84, Owner has no obligation to a California resident to provide further information regarding Owner’s use of the California resident’s personal data. Any inquiries regarding the Terms of Use or, specifically, this Privacy Policy can be directed to the contact identified below.
NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTS
Except as expressly identified below, we do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third party.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of non-personally identifiable and Personal Data that we collect when you are on the Site and when you use Services provided on the Site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own and/or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
The Site may provide you links to other student and/or faculty portals which provide you access to one or more of: personal academic information, course schedules, course registration, communication functionality between students and faculty, financial aid information, payment information, account status, and other more secure information. These portals require unique user credentials which you have been separately provided. The information stored and accessed through these portals is not governed by this Privacy Policy and is governed by the privacy policies specifically applicable to these portals, which you should have been separately provided. For more information regarding the privacy policies which apply to these user portals, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Cleveland’s policies related to various forms of consumer or other protected information, and employee or student conduct can be found at https://www.cleveland.edu/about-us/consumer-information/.
Information Collected
IP Address. We may log all connections to our web servers. Those log files will include your IP address. An IP address is NOT Personal Data, but general information about your location, connection to the Internet, and your Internet Service Provider. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Sites. Additionally, we will use your IP address to track your navigation of the Sites and any internal website searches.
Cookies. “Cookies” are small pieces of information stored in User’s browser that give the User a unique identification. The Site uses only Cookies that [(1) create a user session ID, (2) counts the visits by one user, (3) recognize and collect user login information, (4) log user UNIX computer time, and (5) track views of every piece of content of the Site.][All cookies are established on a per session basis, and are not permanently stored on your machine.][Note to Cleveland: Please verify this stated use of cookies is correct.] For more information about cookies, please visit www.AboutCookies.org.
Clear Gifs. We may also employ software technology called clear gifs (also known as web beacons) that help us better manage content on our Sites by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of users. Clear gifs and cookies are not tied to the user’s personally identifiable information.
Personal Data. We may collect personal data from our users when providing certain Services. Depending upon what you are requesting, the collected Personal Data may include, for example, your name, birth date, social security number, e-mail address, physical address, phone number, your criminal history, citizenship, or previous education history with a Cleveland school or other schools.
Cleveland collects Personal Data only when there is a legitimate need to do so. Except as provided herein, we will not distribute your personal data outside of Cleveland and our affiliates.
Information Use
How Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information May Be Used.
To customize the advertising and content you see on our pages or other websites;
To improve the performance or layout of our website;
To develop new services and ideas; and
To better administer and troubleshoot our systems.
How your Personal Data May be Used.
To provide you the Services on the Site;
To evaluate and improve the Services;
To fulfill your requests for information; and
To contact you about Cleveland services and those of our affiliates, based on the preferences you have indicated.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
In general, we will not share your Personal Data with any other person or company. However, we will share Personal Data about you to other companies or people when:
We need to share your information to provide the service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Cleveland to provide a service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the Personal Data we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);
We need to send the information to financial institution, a state or federal education agency, including financial aid providers and/or education regulators or accreditation agencies;
We find that your actions on the Site violate the Terms of Use, any of our usage guidelines for specific services or any agreement; and
As required to respond to or initiate subpoenas, court orders, or legal process.
In the event you voluntarily share personal or sensitive information on a message board, comments section, or in a chat room offered by the Site, please be advised that such information may be collected and used by the other users of the Site who have access to such message boards, comment sections and chat rooms. Cleveland shall have no liability resulting from the misuse of information you voluntarily share during your use of the Site. Cleveland shall have no obligation to police the message boards, comment sections and chat rooms, but has the ability to remove such information at any time in its sole discretion.
Ability to Review and Edit Your Information
You may review and approve the information about you that was stored in our database and obtained through your use of the Site. Upon your written request, we will remove that information from our database or change or correct personal data that you state is erroneous within applicable regulatory or other legal requirements. You should understand, however, that information about you in our database might come from a number of sources.
Change of Control
We may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, we may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In such transactions, your personal data may be included in the transferred business assets.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
Cleveland is committed to be compliant with all Federal regulations, including the Federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. Owner only sends email to those of our visitors who have requested to receive these communications. You may “opt-out” of any communication from Owner at any time, and we will remove you from our mailing list. In addition, you may contact us at the address below and request to be removed from our mailing list.
Commitment to Children’s Privacy
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C., §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R., §§ 312.1-312.12, our Site do not permit children under 13 years of age to become users, and we do not collect information from children. By using our Site, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older.
Security
We will maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your Personal Data. However, you acknowledge that no electronic storage method or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify or otherwise update this policy at any time. These changes or updates will be effective immediately. We may provide you notice of such changes when they are material, such notice may be given by posting on this Site, by electronic or conventional mail or by any other means by which you obtain notice of the changes or updates.
Policies of Other Sites
The Site may contain links to third-party websites not owned or controlled by Cleveland. Cleveland is not responsible for the privacy policies of any third-party websites which user may access through a third-party link. Further, these third-party websites may have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy. Cleveland disclaims all responsibility for the privacy practices of such other third-party sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you and how they intend to use such information.
Questions
If you have any questions about Cleveland, the Site, the Services, the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Cleveland University-Kansas City
10850 Lowell Avenue
Overland Park, Kansas 66210
913.234.0600
10850 Lowell Avenue
Overland Park, KS 66210
(800) 467-2252
Contact Us
I'd like to
Give
Refer a Student
View Calendar
Request my Transcript
Consumer Information
CHIROPRACTIC HEALTH CENTER
Offering affordable chiropractic and wellness care to the community.
Schedule an Appointment
Employment
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
© 2008-2020 Cleveland University-Kansas City
AcademicsAdmissionsCampus LifeAbout UsStudents & FacultyAlumniBlogHealth Center
× Close Panel