http://www.barcharts.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
TOOLS
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: January 18, 2018
This Web site belongs to BarCharts, Inc. Our postal address is 6000 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite D, Boca Raton, FL 33487. We can be reached via email from our Contact Us page or by telephone at 800-226-7799.
By using this site, you are accepting these conditions of use. If you do not agree to these conditions of use, please do not access this Web site.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to barcharts.com, in order to understand our practices.
Purchase and Shipping Terms and Conditions
Please review our Purchase and Shipping Terms and Conditions, which also govern your visit to barcharts.com, in order to understand our practices.
Changes
BarCharts reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change and/or modify the Terms without notice, other than posting the amended Terms on the Web site. The amended Terms will automatically be effective when posted on our site. Your continued use of the Web site after any changes and/or modifications to these Terms shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Copyright
All content on this Web site is the property of BarCharts and/or its content providers, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this Web site is the property of BarCharts and/or its software suppliers, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
BarCharts®, QuickStudy®, Quick Study®, QuickTrain®, Equations & Answers™, Quizzers™ are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of BarCharts, Inc. These trademarks and registered trademarks are protected by United States trademark/patent law.
Hyperlinking
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to create a hyperlink to barcharts.com, so long as the link does not portray BarCharts or its products in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. If you link to this site, you may use BarCharts’ trademark and Internet icons, if available, solely for the purpose of serving as a link from your own Web site to the BarCharts Web site (i.e., barcharts.com).
Your Account
You are responsible for all usage or activity on your account, including use of the account by any third party authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify BarCharts of any unauthorized use of your account and/or any other breach of security of which you are aware.
BarCharts, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove and/or edit content, and/or cancel orders.
Reviews, Comments, and Other Communications
You grant BarCharts all rights to all content you submit to or through this Web site. This includes any future rights associated with such submission, even if these Conditions of Use are changed, modified, terminated, and/or canceled.
You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the content submitted.
Copyright Complaints
BarCharts respects the intellectual property of other individuals and/or entities. If you believe that your work has been copied or used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us immediately.
Errors on Web Site
BarCharts attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, BarCharts does not warrant that the product descriptions and/or other content on this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Errors will be corrected as discovered. If a product offered by BarCharts itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. BarCharts reserves the right to cancel any order containing any error or inaccuracy.
Electronic Communications
When you visit barcharts.com or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. Through these visits and communications, you are consenting to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would otherwise be in writing.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from BarCharts are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
In the rare event that your order never arrives, notification of lost items must be received within 20 days from your order date. BarCharts will, at its discretion, work with you to find an equitable remedy.
Order Cancellations
Due to our quick order fulfillment process, BarCharts may not be able to cancel an online purchase during the time between your placement of the order and our shipment of it. If you need to cancel an order that has already shipped, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. (Please refer to our Returns Procedure listed below.)
Sales Tax
BarCharts does business throughout the United States and collects and remits sales tax as required by law. Canadian Goods and Services Tax (GST), as applicable, will be charged on all shipments to Canada. If you have tax-exempt status with a valid resale certificate, please contact us by telephone at 800-226-7799. A resale certificate must be presented before your purchase in order to qualify for a purchase with no tax. Taxes charged on orders placed prior to the receipt and approval of a valid tax-exempt resale certificate cannot be credited afterward. For all orders shipping outside the United States, customers are responsible for customs and import duties of the destination country.
Wrong Product Description
BarCharts attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, BarCharts does not warrant that the product descriptions and/or other content on this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by BarCharts is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. (Please refer to our Returns Procedure listed below.)
Shipping and Handling / Delivery Information
All orders placed on this Web site are subject to product availability. Items available to ship usually ship within 24 hours of receipt of the order, Monday through Friday, excluding BarCharts holidays: New Year’s Day, Presidents’ Day, Memorial Day, 4th of July (July 3rd if the 4th is on a Saturday and July 5th if the 4th is on a Sunday), Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the Friday after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve Day (December 24th) through New Year's Eve Day (December 31st).
New customer orders are shipped via United States Postal Service (USPS). Orders usually arrive within 10 days of shipment. Existing customer orders are shipped via the default carrier agreed upon by the buyer and BarCharts. Please note that shipments to P.O. boxes can only be sent via USPS standard shipping.
If you have a shipping account number that you would like to use, please contact us by telephone at 800-226-7799.
If your order must be shipped either in multiple boxes or in separate shipments, shipping and handling charges for the entire order will be assessed at the point the first item is shipped. We charge only once for shipping and handling for the entire order.
Pricing
The Web site unit price is each item’s list price. For customers who have logged in using their account name and password, the unit price displayed on the Web site is their unit price (list price less any discounts or promotions that are applicable, excluding volume discounts). Volume discounts, if applicable, are calculated at the time of checkout.
The buyer agrees to pay the price displayed in conjunction with shipping and handling charges at the time of purchase.
We do not charge your credit card until after your order has been processed for shipping.
In the unlikely event that an item in our Web site catalog is mispriced, and the correct price is actually higher than the Web site’s misstated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Credit Card Authorization & Capture
BarCharts uses a delayed order fulfillment process and typically makes an authorization at checkout equal to the total purchase price in $ USD. It enables BarCharts to modify the original authorization amount due to order changes (such as taxes, shipping, or item availability) that occur after the buyers place the initial order.
When you the buyer approves an authorization, the buyer's balance can be placed on hold for a 29-day period to ensure the availability of the authorization amount for capture. BarCharts can reauthorize a transaction only once, up to 115% of the originally authorized amount (not to exceed an increase of $75 USD).
After a successful authorization (or reauthorization), merchant will honor authorized funds for three days, but merchant cannot ensure that 100% of the funds will be available. A day is defined as the start of the calendar day on which the authorization or reauthorization was made (from 12AM PST to 11:59PM PST).
Returns
In order to ensure a timely and accurate credit to your account please follow the steps below.
All returns and exchanges must be accompanied by a Return Merchandise Authorization ("RMA") number. The RMA is obtained by calling our Customer Service department at (800) 226-7799.
All returns and exchanges will receive credit at our maximum discount of 50%.
Titles out of print are not eligible for return. Customers will be given 90 days notice before a title is considered out of print and not eligible for return.
Titles are only eligible for return within two years of the original purchase date.
Credit will not be issued for out-of-print items. All out-of-print items returned will be destroyed.
There will be a 15% restocking fee applied to all damaged merchandise that is returned. This includes product with scratches, cuts, stickers, or glue residue.
Flash Cards and Easels are NON-RETURNABLE if opened.
Used Nursing: Student and Career Reference books, Atlas of Human Anatomy, and Booklets are NON-RETURNABLE if used.
All Oxygen Plus, Notebooks, Folders, and custom orders are NON-RETURNABLE.
All returns are subject to verification of items returned.
Upon your request, refund checks will be issued within 90 days after receipt of the return.
All sales of digital content downloaded from the Web site are final. BarCharts does not accept returns of digital content downloaded from the Web site.
Better Grades Guarantee – QuickStudy Guides Return
Do NOT return guides to the retailer – return directly to BarCharts Publishing.
Click here for full terms and conditions of program and instructions for return.
×