http://www.american.edu/policies/disclosure.cfm
Skip to main content
Policies
Academic
AU Community
Facilities
Finance and Business
Information Technology
Marketing and Communications
Personnel
Research
Safety and Risk Management
Students
Policy Development and Process
Policy Development Process
Policy Development Workflow
Disclosures
202-885-3285
policy@american.edu
Office of General Counsel
4400 Massachusetts Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20016-8165
United States
Back to top
Disclosure, Consumer Information, and Student Achievement
American University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action university and employer. Consistent with these principles and in compliance with the Student Right-To-Know Act, American University will publish annual reports which disclose information about the athletic program and campus security."American University is required to comply with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). In accordance with the Clery Act, each year American University prepares an Annual Security Report. This report contains statistics for the previous three years concerning reported crimes that occurred on-campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by American University; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from, the campus. This report also contains institutional policies concerning campus security, such as policies concerning sexual assault, and other matters. You may access the Annual Security Report online. It is also available upon request by calling the Department of Public Safety at 202-885-2537. In compliance with Section 207 of the Higher Education Act, information regarding state assessments, other requirements, standards for teacher certification and licensure, and data on the performance of teacher preparation programs is available from the School of Education in the College of Arts and Sciences. A copy of the report can be obtained by calling the school at 202-885-3727 after April 1.
Higher Education Opportunity Act 2009 Annual Fire Safety Report
The 2008 Amendments to the Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA) require Title IV Institutions to collect and publish statistics related to fire and/or smoke events as well as fire prevention policies and fire safety equipment as these items pertain to residence halls owned and controlled by the institution. In accordance with the fire statistics, safety and prevention requirements of the HEOA, American University Department of Risk Management & Environmental Health & Safety prepares a Fire Safety Report for each calendar year beginning with 2009. This report is released annually on or before October 1. You may access the Annual Fire Safety Report online. Paper copies of the Annual Fire Safety Report will be provided upon request. Please contact the Department of Public Safety at 202-885-2537 or clerycompliance@american.edu.
The following is a listing of information that American University is required to provide to current and prospective students, faculty, and staff for their review. The list provides links that disclose specific information that is in compliance with the Higher Education Opportunity Act, as well as the Code of Federal Regulations 668.41-48 and its implementing regulations.
Act of Congress chartering American University
District of Columbia Higher Education Licensure Commission (HELC) Approval
American University accreditation by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education:
Letter of Accreditation
Complaint Process*
For American University's academic policies and student grievance procedures, please see complaint process information page.
State Authorization Information
Contact Information for State Complaint Process (PDF)
Required State Disclosures
School, Department, and Program Accreditation
Additional Resources from the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment
Annual Security Report
Annual Fire Safety Report
Financial Aid for Current Undergraduate Students
Financial Aid for Current Graduate Students
FAQs about student conduct and privacy rights
Confidentiality of Student Records Policy
Student Policy
Personnel Policy - Search for "Alcohol and Drug Abuse"
Resources
As of Fall 2017, 18.3% of degree-seeking undergraduates received Pell Award.
Race/Ethnicity and Gender information is available in the Academic Data Reference Book.
The following is a collection of data on student outcomes at American University. Additional information on retention and graduation rates, learning outcomes, and institutional assessment is available from the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment.
Retention and Graduation Rates
We Know Success: Where AU Grads Land
Kogod School of Business Career Outcomes
School of International Service Career Outcomes
Graduation Rates for Student-Athletes
Equity in Athletics - Search "American University"
2017-2018 Merit Awards Recipients, Alternates, and Finalists