http://www.chinesetools.eu/legal/privacy.php
Various
Top VPN
Map of China
Sudoku (CN)
Name in Chinese
Name Translator
Real Name
On a Greeting Card
On a Painting
On a Seal / Stamp
As a Drawing
Asian Names
Tibetan
Japanese
Korean
Thai
Hindi
Arabic
Russian
Tattoos
Chinese
Tibetan
Astrology
Zodiac Calculator
Love Calculator
Baby Gender Predictor
Learning Tools
Online Dictionary
Chinese Lessons
Synonyms Thesaurus
Top 1500
Characters
HSK Flashcards
Audio Picture Book
Pinyin Exercises
Text Annotator
Character Decomposition
Stroke Order
Practice Sheet
Traditional Calendar
Annotated Bible
Dictionary of Examples
Measure Word Dictionary
Family Titles
Converter Tools
Romanization Converter
Number Converter
Unit Converter
CN To Calligraphy
CN To Pinyin
Pinyin To HTML
Pinyin Virtual Keyboard
Online IME (Write)
Traditional <> Simplified
Unicode To HTML
HTML To Unicode
Privacy
& Cookies Policy
Below "CHINESE GRATIS" refers to this website, the company CHINE INFORMATIONS CONSULTING & MARKETING LTD. and their representatives.
"Website" means this website available at https://chinese.gratis.
Personal Informations
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Have access to this informations only CHINESE GRATIS staff.
Cookies
Cookies and Sessions (tracers) that we manage allow us to simplify
navigation on certain sections of the Website. They are also used to save
the identification of members.
Cookie repository is an extremely common web-based practice that is used by almost every site.
By using our Website, you tacitly authorize the use of Cookies for the purposes set out below.
We do not use Cookies to:
- collect personally identifiable informations (without your express permission);
-
collect sensitive informations (without your express permission);
-
transfer personally identifiable informations to third parties;
Our own cookies
The Website is currently generating only one Cookie to function
optimally; it allows you to remember your consent on the warning of use
of Cookies; There is no way to prevent this Cookie from being created
other than by not using the Website.
Third party cookies
This Website, like most websites, includes features provided by third parties.
Under no circumstances can CHINESE GRATIS be held responsible for
Cookies created by third-party websites, nor for any information that
may be stored on them, nor for their use.
Some Cookies generated by Social networking allow you to easily
"like", comment or share our content on sites such as Facebook ;
the privacy implications vary from one social network to another and
depend on the privacy settings you choose on those networks.
We also use Cookies to compile visitor statistics, such as the number
of people who visited our Website, the type of technology used, which
pages are viewed, how users accessed the Website, and so on. This helps us
to continually improve our free resources. We use Google Analytics and Addthis for this service.
Inquire and / or disable third-party cookies:
Google Analytics (stats)
Google Adsense (ads)
Addthis (share & stats)
Facebook
Refuse or delete cookies
In addition, each Internet browser has an option to disable and
delete Cookies. The configuration being different for each of them, it
is appropriate for the user to inquire about this possibility.
The user's attention is drawn to the fact that some personalized
services require the user to accept Cookies; if the browser is
configured to reject them, access to these services may be altered.
To help you with configuration, you can visit the browser-specific help page you are using: Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, Safari iPhone / iPad, Firefox or Opera.
You can also open a window in "private browsing" mode with your
favorite browser; thus, no trace like cache files, cookies or history
will remain saved on your system when you close your session.
Update of this policy
We may change this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our
practices, to further refine our practices, or to ensure regulatory
compliance.
© 2020, Chinese Gratis - david.houstin(at)gmail.com
Privacy & Cookies Policy
| Legal Notice
| About This Website