http://www.ls.cc.al.us/admissions_records/student_records_registrar_information/student_records_policy_ferpa.aspx
DISCOVER LSCC
Meet the Interim President
Campus History
Mission, Values, Goals/Indicators
Accreditation Information
Title III
Academic Calendar
Campus Locations & Directions
Public Relations
New Stories/Releases
PR Staff
Contact Us
Publications
Community Affairs
Request Information
Ambassadors
Foundation Board
Events Gallery
Speakers Bureau
Privacy Policy
Virtual Backgrounds
Graduation 2020
Contact Us!
Consumer Information
Request a Tour
Tell A Friend about LSCC
Apply Now!
Lawson State Facts!
LSCC Retention Data
Student Achievement
Get the LSCC Free App!
QEP: R.A.C.E
QEP: Student Advising Hub
QEP: Registration Portal
Everything QEP
Contact Us!
About the Q.E.P
ADMISSIONS & RECORDS
Admissions Office & Records Office (Home Page)
Transcript Requests
Contact an Enrollment Specialist!
Admissions Information
Admission Procedures for All Students
Admissions Appeals (Suspensions)
Admissions Staff
AP, CLEP and IB Information
Apply Now
Cost to Attend
Dual Enrollment & Accelerated HS Student
Financial Aid
Forms
GED
Honors College
International Students
Non High School Graduates (ATB)
Readmission of Former Students
Residency
Student Suite
Transfer Students
Transient Students
Tuition Management System (TMS)
Student Records (Registrar) Information
Academic Calendar
Bookstore
Current Catalog and Archived Catalogs
Course Descriptions
Degrees/Certificates
Graduation Information
Reverse Transfer
e-Withdrawal & Add/Drops
Exam Schedule
Forms (Online)
Financial Aid
GPA Calculator
Grades
President’s/Dean’s Lists
Records/Registrar Staff
Register Now
Schedule of Classes
Scholarship Information
Student Records Policy (FERPA)
Tuition and Fees
Announcements
Register Now!
Dual Enrollment
Dual Enrollment (Start Here!)
Track 1
Track 2
Track 3
Track 4
Track 5
DE Eligibility & Restrictions
Grant Supported Program Listing
Books & ID
Orientation
Support
Campus Maps
GED
Apply Now!
Placement Assessment
Contact Us / Information Request
Registration Guide
Admissions Chat
FINANCIAL AID
Financial Aid (Home Page)
Getting Started!
Financial Aid 101
Parents
Current Students
Prospective Students
Veterans Benefits
Application Steps
Step 1 - How to Apply
Step 2 - Additional Documentation
Step 3 - Application Review
Step 4 -How Aid is Awarded
Step 5 - Receiving Financial Aid
Support Resources
Financial Aid Calculators
How to Request a Copy of Your Tax Return
Are You Required to File a Tax Return
NSLDS Student Access
Paying Your Bill
Scams and Identity Theft
Types of Financial Aid
Grants
Scholarships
Work Study Program
Cost of Attendance
FAQ’s
Documents and Forms
Policies
Award Notification/Conditions
Eligibility Requirements
Drug Conviction and Financial Aid Eligibility
Satisfactory Academic Progress
Verification
Policies & Procedures
Withdrawal
Official Withdrawal
Unofficial Withdrawal (Dropping Out)
Non-Attendance Notification
Return of Title IV Formula
Title IV Funds
Non-Title IV Aid
60% Date
Apply Now!
STUDENT SERVICES
Student Services (Home Page)
ASPIRE 2030: Student Success Committee
Bookstore, Police (On Campus Services)
Bookstore
Career Services
Current Job Postings
Posting Jobs and Internships
Alumni Network
Surveys
Counseling
Forms
Services
Community Resources Manual
FAQ
Meet the Staff
Contact Us--Counselors
Counseling Seminars, Activities & Events
Disability Services (ADA)
Meet & Contact ADA Counselors
Prospective Students (Start Here!)
Accommodation Services
The Accomodations Process
Report It!--Accommodations Issues
Documentation Requirements
Support Services
Student Responsibilities
Faculty & Staff (ADA Resources)
TRiO Programs (SSS and Upward Bound)
Testing and Assessment Services
Ability to Benefit
American College Test (ACT)
Accuplacer
ACT Residual Testing
CAAP
Bootcamp (Online)
Athletics
Pre-Enrollment Orientation
Student Health and Wellness
Student Discipline
Housing and Residential Life
HOUSING Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)
RA Incident Reporting Form
Support Resources (for Students)
Disability (ADA)
Libraries
Space Center (Retention, Tutoring, Counseling)
Technical Support Helpdesk
Online Tutoring Center
TRIO Programs (Upward Bound & SSS)
Student Activities
Clubs and Organizations
Honor Societies
Events Calendar
Student Government Association
Community Service
Intramural Sports
Miss Lawson State & Court
L-Day 2019 Flyer
Admissions Information
Registration and Student Records (Registrar) Information
Title IX--Everything You Need to Know
Title IX: Video (Facts)
Contact the Title IX Coordinator
Student Activities Calendar
SPACE Center
Virtual Fall Registration eGuidebook
PROGRAMS
Catalog and Student Handbook
LSCC Programs
Business Technologies Division
College Transfer Division
Technical Division
Health Professions Programs
All Programs (Listing)
Developmental Education
GED
Adult Education
Dual Enrollment
Workforce Training
Dual Enrollment
CTEL Training (Register Here)
Honors College
STARS
Apply Now!
AAMU@LSCC
Programs of Study and CIP Codes
GED
Adult Education
Workforce Development
HUMAN RESOURCES
Human Resources
Full-Time & Part-Time Employment
e-Verify
Job Interest Card
Continuous & Temporary Postings
Internal Postings
Non-Discrimination Policy
HR Forms
New Employees (Start Here!)
Salary & Benefits
Summary of Benefits
Leave
Health Insurance
Teachers' Retirement System
Employee Tuition Waiver
ADA (Employee Information)
Employee Handbook
Faculty & Staff Online Handbook
General Information
Employment Responsibilities
Communications
Policies & Procedures
Academic Programs & Policies
Employee Benefits
Tenure, Promotion, Salary & More
Employment Advancement
Annual Evaluation
Faculty & Staff Training
Adjunct Faculty (Requirements)
Complaint Process
Human Resources
Discipline
Tech Support
Emergency Preparedness
Computer Use: Do's & Dont's
Business & Finance
Maintenance Procedures
Travel
Campus Security
Cougar Alert
Privacy Policy
Student Code of Conduct
Student Handbook
Online Catalog
Testing Guidelines at Lawson State
Annual Performance Evaluation
File a Concern/Complaint
Professional Development
Contact Us--Human Resources
ACCS Job Postings
ATHLETICS
Athletics (Home Page)
Athletic Directory
Men's Baseball
Schedule
Roster
Baseball Staff
News
Player Questionnaire
Men’s Basketball
Schedule
Roster
Men's Basketball Staff
Women’s Basketball
Schedule
Roster
Women's Basketball Staff
Women's Volleyball
Volleyball Roster
Schedule
Volleyball Staff
Cheerleaders
Roster
Image Gallery
Dance Team
Dance Team Staff
Title IX
Sports Medicine
FISCAL
Tuition and Fee Schedule
Vendor Forms
Direct Deposit Information (for Students)
VIRTUAL ADVISING CTR.
MyLAWSON
CAMPUS!
BLACKBOARD
EMAIL LOGIN
STUDENT SUITE
FACULTY SUITE
HELP DESK (Technical Support)
ADMISSIONS & RECORDS
Home
»
ADMISSIONS & RECORDS
»
Student Records (Registrar) Information » Student Records Policy (FERPA)
Admissions Office & Records Office (Home Page)
Contact an Enrollment Specialist!
Admissions Information
Student Records (Registrar) Information
Academic Calendar
Bookstore
Current Catalog and Archived Catalogs
Course Descriptions
Degrees/Certificates
Graduation Information
Reverse Transfer
e-Withdrawal & Add/Drops
Exam Schedule
Forms (Online)
Financial Aid
GPA Calculator
Grades
President’s/Dean’s Lists
Records/Registrar Staff
Register Now
Schedule of Classes
Scholarship Information
Student Records Policy (FERPA)
Tuition and Fees
Announcements
Register Now!
Dual Enrollment
GED
Apply Now!
Placement Assessment
Contact Us / Information Request
Registration Guide
Admissions Chat
Apply Now!
Click to Register !
A-Z Web Index
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
Confidentiality of Student Records:  FERPA
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974, 20 U.S.C. 1232g, is a federal law that protects the confidentiality of student educational records. Lawson State Community College officials recognize their obligation to exercise discretion in recording and disseminating information about a student. To implement this law and to meet the obligation to the student, a written institutional policy governing student records has been formulated. Annual notification will be made to Lawson State Community College students to their rights relative to educational records by publishing the policy in the Student Catalog and within page (scroll down to view FERPA information).
For purposes of this policy, a student is defined as an individual who has been admitted and is enrolled or has been enrolled at the College. A student has the right of access to his/her educational records and may inspect and review the information contained therein. Exceptions to a student's rights of access are stated in the College policy. Educational records refer to all records maintained directly pertaining to an individual as a student. At the postsecondary level, parents have no inherent rights to inspect a student's education records. The right to inspect is limited solely to the student.
Click below for customized FERPA brochures / Student Notification:
Faculty Information                             Student Information
Student Access to Records
A. The student has the following rights:
To be provided with a list of the types of educational records maintained in the College.
To inspect and review contents of these educational records.
To be given responses by the Director of Admissions and Records to reasonable requests for explanation and interpretation of these records.
To request amendment of any part of these records considered by the student to be inaccurate or misleading.
To be afforded hearings, should the request to amend the records be declined.
To consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in the student's education records, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent.
To file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by Lawson State Community.
College to comply with the requirements of FERPA.
B. The student does not have access to the following records:
Financial records, including any information those records contain, of his/her parents.
Confidential letters and confidential statements of recommendation placed in the educational record prior to January 1, 1975, as long as the statements are used only for the purposes for which they were specifically intended.
Confidential letters and statements of recommendations placed in the file after January 1, 1975, if the student has waived his/her right to inspect and review those letters and statements and those letters and statements are related to the student's admission to an educational institution, application for employment, and receipt of an honor or honorary recognition.
Instructional, supervisory, and administrative personnel records which remain the sole possession of the maker.
Campus security records.
Employment records, except when such employment requires that the person be a student.
Alumni office records.
Physical or mental health records created by a physician, psychiatrist, psychologist, or other recognized professionals.
Procedures for Access:
The Office Student Records has a list of educational records maintained by the College. The Registrar may require that a college official be present when a student inspects and reviews his/her educational records. A student should submit to the Registrar a letter that identifies the record(s) he/she wishes to inspect. If it is an inappropriate time to retrieve the record(s) on short notice, the Registrar will make arrangements for access and notify the student of the time and place where the records may be inspected. If the records are not maintained by the Registrar, the student will be advised of the correct official to whom the request should be addressed. Any questions concerning a student's access to records should be directed to the Registrar.
Amendment of Education Records:
A student may ask for amendment of a record that he/she believes is inaccurate or misleading. The student should make the request in writing to the Dean of Students, clearly identify the part of the record requesting to be changed, and specify why it is inaccurate or misleading. If the decision is not to amend the record as requested by the student, the Dean of Students will notify the student of the decision and advise the student of his or her right to a hearing regarding the request for amendment. Additional information regarding the hearing procedures will be provided to the student when notified of the right to a hearing.
Release of Directory Information:
The College may release directory information to others without the necessity of obtaining permission from the student. Directory information is limited to the following:
Student's name, address (local and permanent), and telephone number.
Parents and Spouse.
Date and place of birth.
Major field of study.
Participation in officially recognized activities and sports.
Weight and height statistics for athletic team members.
Dates of attendance.
Degrees and awards received.
Previous educational institution most recently attendance.
Photographs.
If a student does not wish the directory information released, he or she may indicate by notifying the Registrar in writing at the time of registration, and the College will withhold the information during that particular semester. The request for nondisclosure of directory information should be renewed each semester.
Directory information will not be disclosed to private or profit making entities other than employers, prospective employers or representatives of the news media. Directory information will be released only on the condition that the party to whom the information is disclosed will not disclose the information to any other party without prior written consent of the student. When directory information is disclosed to an institution, agency or organization, such information may be used by its officers, employees, and agents but only for the purposes for which the disclosure was made.
C.  Release of Educational Records
The student may request release of copies of those educational records that are subject to release. The student must submit a written request in the Office of Student Records and specify the following information:
The student may request release of copies of those educational records that are subject to release. The student must submit a written request in the Office of Student Records and specify the following information:
Records to be released.
Purpose of disclosure.
Party and address to which information is to be released.
All paper requests must have the student's signature (not printed name) in the space provided for the signature.   Copies of transcripts from other colleges or university are not release to the student or other parties. A student may request to view his/her educational records under the supervision of the Registrar. Student educational records may be released to the following without prior written consent from the student:
School officials within the institution who have been determined by the College to have a legitimate educational interest.
School officials include counselors and instructors who are involved in counseling students, administrators who assist in counseling and who advise students with other problems, professional staff and clerical staff who directly relate to the administrative task of the College, College law enforcement officials, College attorneys, auditors, and a student serving on an official College committee.
A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review an education record in order to fulfill his/her professional responsibility.
Authorized representatives of the Comptroller General of the United States, the Secretary of Education, or state or local educational authorities.
Appropriate authorities in connection with financial aid if the information is necessary to determine eligibility, amount of aid, conditions of aid, or to enforce the terms and conditions of the aid.
State and local authorities if a state statute adopted before November 19, 1974, specifically requires disclosures to those officials.
Organizations conducting studies, for, or on behalf of, the College for the purpose of developing, validating, or administering predictive tests, administering student aid programs, and improving instruction and student life provided that the studies will not permit the personal identification of the student and his/her parents by individuals other than representatives of the organization and provided that the personally identifiable information furnished will be destroyed when no longer needed for the purposes for which the study was conducted.
Accrediting organizations to carry out their functions.
Officials to comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena with the understanding that the student will be notified in advance insofar as possible.
Appropriate parties to protect the health and safety of the student or another individual in emergencies with the understanding that only information essential to the emergency situation will be released.
No personal information about a student will be released without statements from the College to the parties receiving the information that no third parties are to have access to such information without the written consent of the student whose records are involved.
The Office of Student Records will maintain records of all requests and disclosures of personally identifiable information from the educational records of a student except for information requested in writing by the student and directory information. The student may inspect the record of requests, disclosures and the legitimate interests of the parties requesting or obtaining information.
Any student who believes that his/her rights under the Privacy Act have been violated by the College may notify and request assistance from the Dean of Students and may file a complaint with the Family Policy Compliance Office, U.S. Department of Education, 600 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20202-4605.
Lawson State Community College offers equal opportunity in its employment, admissions, and educational programs and activities in compliance with Section of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. The 504 Coordinators are Dr. Renay Herndon, Building A, Room 198 on Bessemer Campus,  (205) 929-3419 and Mrs. Janine McCoy Jones, Academic Success Building, 2nd floor on Birmingham Campus, Room 220 (205) 929-6396.