http://www.cwu.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Top
Skip to body
Central Washington University
Search form
Search
Apply
Request Info
Make a Gift
Home
MyCWU
Make a Payment
Outlook
Canvas
News/Events
Central Today
Event Calendar
A-Z Index
Search CWU
Home
MyCwu
Give
Outlook
Request Info
Make A Payment
Welcome
Virtual Tour
Visit
Local Community
Wildcat Shop (Bookstore)
Campus Safety
Admissions
Apply to CWU
Undergraduate
Transfer
Graduate
Online
Campus Locations
Parent Information
Paying for College
Academics
Degrees & Programs
Online Programs
Honors College
Undergraduate Research
Summer Courses
Master's Programs
Continuing Education
About
Points of Pride
Quick Facts
News & Events
Tuition
International Programs
Veterans Center
Inclusivity & Diversity
Student Services
Student Success
Housing
Advising
Orientation
Career Services
Student Involvement
Dining
Parent and Family Programs
Get Involved
Social Scene
Athletics
Recreation
The Burg
Tickets
Student Clubs
Student Union
Alumni
Central Washington University
You are hereHome
Central Washington University Online Privacy Statement
1. Acceptance of Terms.  Welcome to this website which is published by a Central Washington University public affairs, education, research, or service area (internal or external to Central Washington University). Use of this website is voluntary. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website. 2. Non-Personal Information Central Washington University Collects From You.  CWU automatically collects information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to:The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to a CWU website;The date and time you accessed a CWU website;The pages you visited; andThe web browser and operating system you used to access a CWU website.This information (“non-personal information”) does not identify you personally. CWU uses this non-personal information to monitor the effectiveness of this website and to consider potential improvements to this website.3. Personally Identifiable Information Central Washington University Might Collect From You. CWU may request that you voluntarily provide certain personally identifiable information (“PII”) to participate in the password-protected areas, download information, join CWU mailing lists, engage in payment transactions, or for other purposes. CWU does not collect any PII about you when you visit this website unless you give CWU that information. You may choose not to provide PII via this website.CWU is a state agency, and as such, subject to the laws governing the Preservation and Destruction of Public Records (RCW 40.14). As CWU determines is appropriate, CWU will maintain or destroy PII you voluntarily provide.4. Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information.  Unless there are restrictions on use of your PII or unless CWU tells you otherwise, CWU (or third parties engaged by CWU) may use your PII to:Administer your participation in this website;Communicate information CWU thinks may be of interest to you;Fulfill your requests for services or materials;Contact you;Conduct research or surveys;Respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; andEstablish or exercise CWU's legal rights or defend against legal claims.5. Sharing Your Information.  Through display, CWU may disclose your PII to other authorized users of this website. CWU may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate this website and the services CWU provides, and they may have access to PII. Authorized users are CWU employees or third parties who have been granted access and have a need to know the information collected in order to fulfill CWU's mission. CWU may disclose PII to other affiliated institutions and/or if CWU is required to do so by law. CWU is a state agency, and as such, CWU is subject to the Washington Public Records Act, RCW 42.56. As CWU determines it is appropriate to do so, CWU will disclose PII requested pursuant to this law.6. Use of Cookies and Applets.  CWU sometimes transfers “cookies” and “applets” to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to collect non-personal information about your visit to this website. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that CWU uses to identify your computer. Applets are small computer applications that relate information back to CWU.CWU may use information from cookies and applets for purposes such as website administration or assessing the technical function of this website. CWU may also use cookies and applets to track information about which pages you visit within this website to help CWU gauge the effectiveness of this website or CWU content.The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this may limit your ability to use some features of this website.7. Linked Sites.  CWU may provide links on this website to other sites of interest. Your use of such linked websites is subject to the privacy statements of the providers of those websites. CWU encourages you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit.8. Security Measures.   CWU is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, technical, and administrative security controls that comply with state and federal compliance requirements to secure the information we collect online.9. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). CWU does some outreach to pre-college and/or minor aged individuals. CWU is a state agency, and as such, CWU is subject to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (5 U.S.C. 6501-6505).10. Reviewing Information.  You may contact us via our feedback link if you wish to discuss any issues regarding your PII.11. Changes.  CWU may change this Online Privacy Statement from time to time. If CWU does make a change, CWU will post the revised Online Privacy Statement on this website. CWU encourages you to review this Online Privacy Statement periodically.(Original content from the University of Washington)
Event Calendar
CWU News
CWU Health Sciences Facility Reaches The Halfway Point To Completion
Central Washington University broke ground on its new $60 million Health Sciences Building justCWU Dining Services Earns More National Media AttentionCentral Washington University Dining Services continues to attract attention from around the food seParking Lot ClosuresTen campus parking lots will be closed during the holiday break period to reduce operating
Take the Next Step to Becoming a Wildcat.
Visit Campus
Request Info about CWU
Apply to CWU
Admissions@cwu.edu
Inside CWU
Board of Trustees
Administration
Student Government
Colleges & Departments
Policies & Reports
Facilities
Public Affairs
Central Today
Alumni & Giving
Give to CWU
Alumni Relations
Alumni Association
University Advancement
CWU Foundation
Retirement Association
Information
A-Z Index
Service Desk
Human Resources
Career Opportunities
Parking
Campus Map
Directory
Expansion Projects
Services
Continuing Education
Technical Support
Testing Services
Conferences
Catering
Scheduling
Accessibility
Career Services
Central Transit
Student Resources
Current Student Quick Links
Library
Advising
Registrar
Catalog
Tutoring
Academic Calendar
Student Resources Cont.
Publicity Center
Student Health Services
Student Wellness
Rec Center
Student Employment
Make a Payment
Central Washington University | 400 E. University Way, Ellensburg, WA 98926Campus Operator (509) 963-1111 | Public Affairs (509) 963-1221
Website Feedback
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
Emergency Information
Employment & Careers
AA/EEO/Title IX/Veteran/Disability EmployerFor best results please update your browser to the most recent version