http://www.ncca.ie/en/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement | NCCA
Have Your Say
Contact Us
Visit the Curriculum Online Website
English
Gaeilge
Have Your Say
Contact Us
Search
Search
Navigation
About Curriculum
Early Childhood
Primary
Junior Cycle
Senior Cycle
Latest News
Publications and Research
Have Your Say
Contact Us
In this section
Home
Current:
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices in connection with all NCCA websites. The NCCA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms, used in this statement, are explained at the end of this page.
NCCA websites:
The following is a list of all websites managed by the NCCA and which are covered by this privacy statement. Where NCCA shares ownership of the content, this joint ownership is acknowledged in the list of websites below, however, NCCA, as the website host, manages them under the NCCA Privacy Statement.
Website
Website ownership
www.ncca.ie
NCCA
www.curriculumonline.ie
NCCA
www.AistearSiolta.ie
NCCA, Dept of Education and Skills, Dept of Children and Youth Affairs
www.transition.ie
NCCA, Irish Universities Association, Technological Higher Education Assocaition Ireland, Higher Education Authority, Solas, Dept Education and Skills, Quality and Qualifications Ireland
www.ecalignment.ie
NCCA, Trinity College Dublin
http://ncca.biz/aistear
NCCA
http://www.ncca.biz/children/
NCCA
http://research-alive.com
NCCA, Teaching Council, Centre for Effective Services
www.phyz.ie
SCPE App - Teacher Dashboard
http://nccaplanning.ie/
NCCA
General statement:
The NCCA fully respects your rights to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you on our websites without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to the NCCA will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 679/2016) (“GDPR”).
If you require further information related to data protection and our websites, please read this statement fully. You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@ncca.ie
Collection and use of personal information:
The NCCA does not collect any personal data about you on our websites, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us or by using an online survey/feedback form or registering for an account on curriculumonline.ie). Where you voluntarily provide personal information in response to a questionnaire or survey, the data will be used for research or analysis purposes only. Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties and is used by the NCCA solely for the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of technical information:
Some NCCA websites use cookies, which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which webpages have already been visited. Visitors to these websites may disable cookies from the web browser but may not then be able to fully access all of the functionality of the sites.Technical details in connection with visits to these websites are logged for statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of device and web browser used by the website visitor.
The NCCA will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of the NCCA never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by the NCCA, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts.
Glossary of technical terms used
web browser
The piece of software you use to read web pages. Some examples are Edge, Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Opera.
IP address
The identifying details for your computer (or your internet company’s computer), expressed in "internet protocol" code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
cookies
Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.Full information about the cookies used on NCCA websites can be viewed at https://www.ncca.ie/en/cookies
NCCA Mailchimp service newsletters
NCCA uses the Mailchimp service to keep interested parties up-to-date with developments, up-coming events and notifications. When subscribing to our newsletters we ask for your email address and also which education sector, or sectors, you are most interested in. We will only send you information in our general newsletter, called info, or sector-specific events or information you have chosen to be informed about too. To find out more about how Mailchimp handles your privacy, please go to https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/#5._General_Information
Stay Informed
Sign up to receive updates from the NCCA
Sign Up Here
Find Us
35 Fitzwilliam Square,
Dublin 2, D02 KH36, Ireland
Tel: +353 1 661 7177
Email NCCA
https://www.facebook.com/NCCA-307774146012949/
https://twitter.com/NCCAie
Legal
Copyright and Disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer and Data Protection
Privacy Statement
Re-use of Public Sector Information
Child Safeguarding Statement
Accessibility Statement
Social Media Policy
Cookies
English
Gaeilge
An Chomairle Náisiúnta Curaclaim agus MeasúnachtaNational Council for Curriculum and Assessment
© 2020 National Council for Curriculum and Assessment. All Rights Reserved