http://www.cune.edu/policies-and-reports/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Academics
Admissions
Faith & Life
Costs & Aid
Our Promises
Academics
Additional Programs
Dual Credit
Online Programs
Luke Scholars Program
Church Work Preparation
Academic Resources
Resource Articles
Academic Resource Center
Academic Calendar
Library
Admissions
Apply
The application is free and takes less than 20 minutes.
Undergraduate
Graduate
Dual Credit
Non-Degree
Home School Students
Transfer
International Students
Submit Your Enrollment Fee
Join the Concordia community and secure your spot!
Pay Your Enrollment Fee
Visit Campus
Personalized Visit
Visit Days
Specialized Visit Options
Faith & Life
Faith at Concordia
Elevate your Faith
Serve Abroad
Church Work Preparation
Life at Concordia
Athletics
Performing & Visual Arts
Competitive Teams
Student Life
Residence Life
Study Abroad
Student Resources
Concordia Today
Costs & Aid
A Degree With Value(s)
The Value of a Concordia Education
The Concordia Difference
Concordia Graduation Commitment
Financial Aid
Undergraduate Scholarships
Financial Aid Process
Faith-based Scholarships
Benefits for Veterans
Tuition
Undergraduate Costs
Graduate Costs
Online Costs
Our Promises
Discover our Promises of a Lutheran Education
The Foundation of Our Promises
Concordia promises to always deliver a Lutheran, Christian higher education that will equip you not only with a set of skills and a degree, but also a sense of Christian vocation and purpose for the future.
Learn More
Policies and Reports
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Title IX
This Privacy Policy covers information provided to Concordia University, Nebraska online at the main CUNE Website (https://www.cune.edu) and its Admissions application and event registration system (https://cune.elluciancrmrecruit.com)
The policy does not include the bookstore's site (operated by eFollet) or Concordia's internal site, https://portal.cune.edu.
When you use Concordia's site, our Web server collects certain data called aggregate information. Aggregate information means information about all of our users or specific groups or categories of users that we combine together and which does not include the users' personal information. Aggregate information is automatically provided by your computer. Examples may include: (i) referral data (the websites you visited just before and just after the website); (ii) date and time of your visits; (iii) pages viewed and time spent at the website; (iv) browser and platform type (e.g., a Firefox browser on a Macintosh platform); and (v) Internet Protocol (IP) address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer on the Internet.
Information that we automatically collect via this site is only used internally for technical troubleshooting, to improve the usability of our website, and to track aggregate statistical trends. Except for information that you choose to submit to us through Web forms, email messages, or other communication, we do not collect any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, phone number, age, gender, ID numbers, email address, programs of interest, etc.) on our site.
Information collected by on our website is used to provide information regarding the university that you request, for the application process and to inform you of other products, services or events available from Concordia and its official affiliates. In some circumstances Concordia contracts with third party service providers to gather and/or deliver information and/or to provide certain services, including but not limited to: Social Networking, hosting, web analytics, lead generation, academic, business, career or financial services.
By using the website, you expressly consent (1) to use of your personal information by Concordia and its third-party service providers and (2) to the disclosure and use of this information in our efforts to contact you and for continued marketing effort by our school and agents charged with communicating with our customers and potential customers, as well as for other purposes stated herein. You acknowledge that communications to, from, and through this website are not confidential. You agree that by submitting communications through this website, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied, or other relationship is created between you and us other than pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, no one under 13 years of age may use the website. If you are a minor between the ages of 13 and 18, you may use the site only in conjunction with your parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult. If we learn that a child under age 13 has provided personally identifiable information to our sites, we will promptly remove this from our files. For more on children's privacy rights, read about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act at the FTC's website.
In some cases our Web server may use browser "cookies" or other technologies to maintain session and preference information or to provide other complex functionality. You may adjust your Internet browser to disable the use of cookies and other Web technologies. Some features of this website, however, may not function properly if you block these technologies. By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies unless you disable cookies using your browser or another method. We do not change our practices in response to a "Do Not Track" signal in the HTTP header from your browser (or, if applicable, mobile application).
We may disclose information about use of our site in aggregate (such as server use statistics). We will not sell or rent information to third parties that specifically identifies individuals. Concordia University, Nebraska will comply with law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities.
We may change how we collect and then use personal information at any time and without prior notice, at our sole discretion. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the changed Privacy Policy on this website. We will also update the revision date of this Privacy Policy.
For question or additional details, contact:
Kirby
Klappenback
Associate VP for Legal Affairs and General Council
402-643-7192
kirby.klappenback@cune.edu
Weller Hall 106