http://www.eastchance.com/privacy/privacy.asp
Find us on Google+
WRITE A MOTIVATION LETTER
[find out more]
SCHOLARSHIPS IN USA
[find out more]
HOW TO WRITE A CV
[find out more]
TOP USA UNIVERSITIES
[find out more]
Home
Privacy policy on EastChance.com
Privacy Statement for EastChance.com
EastChance has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. EastChance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us .
In order to stop receiving emails from us, you should send an email to info@eastchance.com with the Subject line:
Unsubscribe from eastchance.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
The EastChance.com Team
Log email:
Password:
Not a member? Click here to join.
Scholarships
United States
European Union
CEE States
Other
Conferences
Small fee conferences
No fee conferences
Full grant conferences
Summer courses
United States
European Union
CEE States
Other
Jobs
How to write a...
How to write a resume
How to write a CV
Write a motivation letter
Prepare your trip aboard
Write a structured essay
Prepare for an interview
Write a cover letter
Write a research essay
Write a recommendation letter
Apply for a scholarship
Featured websites
Retete culinare ilustrate
mondoucina.ro
Retete de vis
retetedevis.ro
Easy recipes explained step by step
RecipesFantasy.com
If you would like to receive updates from eastchance.com on scholarships, summer courses, international events or jobs, please join our community.
Privacy |
Disclaimer |
Sitemap
Contact us
Copyright 2000 - 2019 eastchance.com. All rights reserved.
Education:
eastchance.com |
bursemaster.ro
Food and lifestyle:
Retete culinare - mondocucina.ro |
Recipes - recipesfantasy.com |
Recetas - mondorecetas.es |
Recettes - mondecuisine.fr |