http://www.ml4t.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to our Donors
We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations for their charitable appeals.
MLT may request donations by sending electronic newsletters or other emails. You may opt-out of future mailings by selecting “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any such email.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will be used for purposes necessary to process the donation and will not be shared with others for their own commercial purposes. The privacy of information that is provided by a donor through a third-party service provider is governed by such service provider’s privacy policies.
This policy applies to all information received by MLT, both online and offline, on any platform (including MLT’s website) as well as through electronic, written, or oral communications.
Please email comments or questions about our donor privacy policy to giving@mlt.org.
Additional Privacy Policies
Collection of Personal Information from Customers
Management Leadership For Tomorrow (MLT) may collect “Personal Information” provided by a user in application forms, registration forms, and surveys (including but not limited to: name, preferred and secondary address, e-mail, phone numbers and other personal profile data).
Collection of Personal Information from Site Users
MLT may collect and/or track “Personal Information” and “Non-Personal Information.” Personal Information includes personally identifiable information, such as:
The e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with MLT or the Site via e-mail and
Information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms, and surveys (including name, address, e-mail, and other personal profile data).
MLT may collect and/or track Non-Personal Information, i.e., information of an anonymous nature, such as:
The home server domain names, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, e-mail addresses, type of computer, and type and/or version of Web browser and/or operating system of visitors to the Site, and
Aggregate information regarding page views
MLT may place Internet cookies on visitors’ hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor’s name, password, user-name, screen preferences, the pages of a site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Site, MLT may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Visitors may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software, if available; however, this may impair certain features of the Site.
When a visitor performs a search within the Site, MLT may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed. MLT may also record limited information associated with every search request made by the visitor and use that information to, among other things, solve technical problems with the service and to calculate overall usage statistics.
Use of Personal Information Collected
MLT may use Personal Information in a number of ways, such as:
Communicate with you about your account or to communicate information about MLT (including the Site). We will also occasionally send important notices or information.
Build higher-quality, more useful services, such as by analyzing demographic or usage trends and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of MLT (including the Site).
Provide you with prompt and effective customer service.
Support the operation of MLT (including the Site) such as account maintenance and record-keeping, troubleshooting problems, resolving disputes, and enforcing our Terms and Conditions.
Inform you of MLT activities such as meetings, conferences, seminars, and other educational offerings.
Inform you about services and programs related to MLT and/or offered by contracted Business Partners.
Conduct member surveys.
Cross-reference applicant, fellow, or alumni data with data received from third-parties (such as confirming employment or job application status)
Protect or defend a legal interest if MLT has reasonable grounds to believe that the personal data would be useful when investigating a contravention of federal, state, local, provincial, or foreign law.
Disclosure of Personal Information Collected
MLT will not sell a Member’s Personal Information to anyone. MLT may disclose Personal Information about you to Third Parties as follows:
Upon your request or authorization.
To facilitate a transaction or communication with a third party that you have initiated. For example, when you e-mail an organization with which you may be interested.
As MLT believes necessary to: (a) comply with law (including court and government orders and civil subpoenas); (b) enforce or apply MLT’s Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of MLT our users, or others.
In aggregated form, i.e., information about multiple individuals collectively without identifying any individual, such as the total number of visitors to a particular section in a given week or the number of certified members in a region.
For program applicants, fellows, and alumni: MLT may disclose some personal information to MLT Partners such as name, email address, and college/university for the purpose of verifying MLT Program(s) status and/or MLT Partner(s) status. MLT will not disclose the aforementioned personal information to non-partner third parties.
Security Measures
The security of a Member’s personal information is important to us. MLT takes technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. MLT instructs its employees with access to your Personal Information that it be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. MLT has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information.
Third Party Websites
The Site may contain links to other Internet websites. Unless we explicitly state otherwise, we have no control over these Third Party sites and their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy applies only to information you supply (or that we collect) in connection with use of the Site. You should review Third Party privacy policies in connection with visiting the Sites.
Opt-Out Right
Users may opt-out of having their Personal Information collected by MLT, used by MLT for secondary purposes, or used by MLT to send any correspondence to the user by contacting MLT as indicated below.
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
Upon request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone (during regular business hours), MLT will provide to users a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by MLT regarding the user. A customer may modify, correct, change, or update personally identifiable information that MLT has collected by contacting MLT as indicated below.
MLT’s Right to Change Privacy Policy
In the event of a conflict between policies publicly posted on MLT’s website and policies printed and distributed by MLT, the MLT website policies shall govern.
Unsubscribing to MLT E-Mails
If you decide at any time that you do not want to receive any e-mail materials to which you have subscribed, you may choose to unsubscribe to these e-mails by following the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail material.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to review, change, and/or remove your personal information, you may contact us at:
Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT)
7201 Wisconsin Ave, Suite 400
Bethesda, MD 20814
Tel: 202 751-2330
Fax: 202 244-6400
info@mlt.org