http://www.canadorec.on.ca/about/privacy-and-conditions-of-use
Skip to main content
Dismiss×
Important Message
For important messages and updates regarding Canadore's response to the COVID-19 Coronavirus, click here.
For important information on Canadore’s Academic Delivery Plan for the Winter 2021 semester classes, click here.
Privacy and Conditions of Use
Go to Home Page
About
Privacy and Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Considerable effort went into preparing the information and materials on this site. We do our best to keep the information correct and up-to-date, however, Canadore College and its agents shall not be held liable for any damages, however caused, by errors or omissions that may have occurred in the preparation of these pages.
In addition, Canadore bears no responsibility for the statements made by its employees and students.
Privacy Statement
Canadore College is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. In accordance with Section 39(2) of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. F.31, this is to advise you that your personal information is collected under the legal authority of the Ontario Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Act, 2002, and may be used and/or disclosed for administrative, statistical and/or research purposes of the college and/or ministries and agencies of the government of Ontario and the government of Canada, including, but not limited to, tabulating and reporting data on Key Performance Indicators (graduation rate, graduate employment, graduate satisfaction and employer satisfaction). You may also be contacted by ministry- or college-authorized third parties for your voluntary participation in surveys to evaluate student and graduate experiences and outcomes.
Canadore College is required to report student level enrolment-related data to the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities under the authority of the Ontario Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Act, 2002, S.O. 2002, Chapter 8, Schedule F, Section 6. The Ministry collects this data, which includes limited personal information such as Ontario Education Numbers, student characteristics and educational outcomes, in order to administer government postsecondary funding, policies and programs, including planning, evaluation and monitoring activities.
This information is also used for internal administrative and statistical purposes by Canadore College and may be shared the Ministries/ Agencies of the Government of Ontario and/or the Government of Canada. Information will also be shared with third party service providers who are retained by the College to provide services to students or act as agents of the College (working in accordance with privacy guidelines). By consenting, you are authorizing Canadore to use your personal information for processing your application, acceptance or registration as well as research, taxation, student insurance or funding purposes.
Statistics Canada Notice
Statistics Canada is the national statistical agency. As such, Statistics Canada carries out hundreds of surveys each year on a wide range of matters, including education.
It is essential to be able to follow students across time and institutions to understand, for example, the factors affecting enrolment demand at postsecondary institutions. The increased emphasis on accountability for public investment means that it is also important to understand 'outcomes'. In order to conduct such studies, Statistics Canada asks all colleges and universities to provide data on students and graduates. Institutions collect and provide to Statistics Canada, student identification information (student's name, student ID number, Social Insurance Number), student contact information (address and telephone number), student demographic characteristics, enrolment information, previous education, and labour force activity.
The federal Statistics Act provides the legal authority for Statistics Canada to obtain access to personal information held by educational institutions. The information may be used for statistical purposes only, and the confidentiality provisions of the Statistics Act prevent the information from being released in any way that would identify a student.
Students who do not wish to have their information used can ask Statistics Canada to remove their identifying information from the national database. On request by a student, Statistics Canada will delete an individual's contact information (name, address, or other personal identifiers) from the PSIS database. To make such a request, please contact us:
Via telephone:
Monday to Friday8:30 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.  EST/EDST1-800-307-3382 or 1-613-951-7608
Via mail:
Institutional Surveys SectionCentre for Education StatisticsStatistics Canada, Main Building, SC 2100-KTunney's Pasture, Ottawa, Ontario, K1A 0T6
Via e-mail:
PSIS-SIEP_contact@statcan.gc.ca