https://www.nd.gov/itd/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
SupportSubmit Incident
Service Request
Scheduled Changes
Service Level Agreements
Billing
Services
Statewide AlliancesITCC
SITAC
More Alliances
Events
Standards
About UsCareers
Publications
News
Initiatives
More About Us
Support
Services
Statewide Alliances
Standards
About Us
Home
How to Work Remotely Securely
Events
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Log In
Log In
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Records
Records received by the State of North Dakota from websites are subject to the same controls and uses as records collected by governmental offices visited in person. ITD provides security for information provided to it and it does not sell information it receives. ITD may be required to disclose collected information pursuant to a court order. In addition, ITD may be authorized to share this information with other state agencies for purposes of child support, law enforcement, collection of debts owed to the State or its political subdivisions and any other purpose authorized by law. Information not specifically addressed in this policy must be disclosed pursuant to the North Dakota Open Records Law.
Information collected on this site is retained in accordance with the Record Retention Schedules developed by ITD.
Security
In order to protect the information being gathered, this site has security measures in place including firewalls, encryption, and authenticated access to internal databases where needed. All personal information collected from customers will be encrypted using Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption protocol when being transmitted across the web.
Website Analytics
ITD uses Google Analytics to create summary statistics, used for administering the performance of the website, diagnosis of problems and determining which information is of most interest to the public. This information is not identifiable by person and is only for summary statistical analysis.
Information gathered may include:
Device, browser, and operating system used to access the site
User behavior, such as how many times a user visits the site or how much time is spent viewing a page
IP address
Dates and times users access the site
Type of browser and operating system used to access the site
Referring channel through which users come to the site
Search terms used when finding the site on a search engine
More information about the data collected by Google Analytics can be found on following Google support page: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Personal Information
Contact information will be collected from an application only if a response is necessary to verify purchases or if there is a need to correspond with customers.
If during your visit to our site you send an e-mail, the e-mail address will be collected as a means to reply to you. We may forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.
Credit card numbers collected through a web application will not be stored or retained in any manner. The information will be gathered and passed on through an intermediate software company, and a unique transaction number will be returned and stored as proof of acceptance.
Cookies will be used under specific conditions.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us.