http://www.customsolutions.us/terms_of_use.htm
Terms of Use for Web Sites Owned and Operated by Custom Solutions
Web Sites Covered
These terms of use cover all web sites owned and operated by Custom Solutions,
located at 125 Buckskin Lane, Streamwood, IL
60107.
This includes, but is not
limited to, customsolutions.us, provemyspeed.com, learningtools,us, todolist.co,
powerofspeech.info, and ultimatevoiceassistant.com.
Acceptance of Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your use of the web sites and corresponding services. By using, visiting, or browsing the web sites, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not use the web sites. These Terms of Use are an ongoing contract between you and Custom Solutions and apply to your use of the services offered. These Terms of Use affect your rights and you should read them carefully.
Changes to Terms of Use
Custom Solutions reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these Terms of Use in our sole and absolute discretion. The most current version of these Terms of Use can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" link located at the bottom of the pages of the web sites. The most current version of the Terms of Use will supersede all previous versions. Your use of the web sites or continued use of our services after changes are made means that you agree to be bound by such changes.
Privacy
Any information submitted on the web sites is subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which may be found at customsolutions.us/privacy_policy.htm. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices.
Services and Products Provided by Custom Solutions
The features, services, and products provided are clearly stated on each of our web sites, and the information presented on each site shall be considered to be part of this agreement.
Refund and Return Policy
For Services and Software Delivered Electronically:
No refunds will be given for software and services delivered electronically via the web sites, unless sufficient evidence exists to indicate that the transaction occurred without the customer's knowledge or permission, or if the software or service is found to be incompatible with the customer's computer.
The one exception to this rule is the money-back guarantee offered by the ProveMySpeed.com service.
For details, visit this link.
Web site accounts utilize resources on our web server even if not accessed by the customer.
Custom Solutions has no obligation to provide refunds for web site accounts based on a lack of usage.
For Physical Products Shipped to the Customer:
A stocking fee will not be charged on non-defective goods returned within 7 business days of the invoice date. Any non-defective goods returned after 7 days but within 120 days will be charged a 20% restocking fee. To receive credit for the return, you must have a return authorization and the goods must be in a re-sellable condition.
For a return authorization, please contact us.
Contact information is posted on the web site for the product in question.
For defective goods, including goods damaged in shipment, the goods may be returned within 30 days for a full refund of the purchase price and original shipping cost.
Custom Solutions will not be responsible for any return shipping costs.