http://www.nscc.ca/privacy.asp
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Student Information
The collection, use and disclosure of student information is protected by College policies and government legislation.
Collection
As part of the recruitment, admission and enrolment process, the College collects a range of personal information. Following enrolment, it is anticipated that students will participate in academic, portfolio, graduation and other activities where the College collects and may communicate their personal information.
Use
Personal information is used by the College for academic, administrative and statistical purposes. In addition, a student's personal affairs and welfare may also be monitored so the College can service their individual needs. After graduation, certain personal information will be used to support a graduate survey.
Disclosure
Certain information will be shared with the Student Association to keep their database current. The College will maintain a database of student, graduate and alumni information on behalf of the NSCC Foundation for philanthropic activities. Personal information may be disclosed to government departments, co-sponsoring organizations and other educational institutions. Occasionally, information may be released, if required by a court order or other legal requirement.
Access
A student can request access to their personal information and can request the correction, deletion or addition of information that is not accurate, complete or up-to-date. For more information on the confidentiality of student information, refer to the College's Academic Policy, Section 11 or contact the College's Chief Privacy Officer.
NSCC Online Privacy Policy
The collection, use and disclosure of student information is protected by College policies and government legislation. Our privacy policy arises from the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (PDF 350KB), legislation, and fair information practices.
What it means
On our website, we collect personal information about you only when you explicitly provide it. Examples of that collection would be when you sign-up for a Test-Drive, apply for a program, or request information to be mailed to you. We protect the personal information given to us when you fill out a form. We have implemented a variety of security measures to ensure that your personal information is not lost, misused, altered, or unintentionally destroyed.
What do we mean by personal information?
By "personal information" we mean any information about you as an identifiable individual including your name, an identifying number such as your student number, your birth date, your email address, or your credit card information.
What we don't do
We do not provide personal information gathered on the website to third parties except with your express permission or as permitted by law. We may release or use your personal information provided on the website for the purpose for which it was provided or for a compatible purpose.
Access to your information
You are entitled to correct any personal information gathered through the website that we hold about you. If you want to correct your personal information, then you should submit a request outlining the information you would like corrected.
Cookies and tracking technology
The NSCC website utilizes "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about website activity. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our website and your web experience.
We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics. Our web servers automatically collect some information about a visitor's computer or other access device, such as its Internet protocol address or browser version, in their logs. This information is used in aggregate form for statistical purposes only.
Was this page helpful?
Your feedback will help improve this website
Yes
No
AddtlInfo
Your feedback will help improve this website
Comments
Remaining characters:
500
Submit
For comments or questions that require immediate response, please use our Contact NSCC form.
Thank you for your feedback.