https://www.ncgs.org/privacy-policy/
New episode of PEP Talks: Podcast on Educational Possibilities explores restorative just practices in girls' schools.
Read more
HomePrivacy Policy
Last updated on April 28, 2011
Disclaimer
Please note that the information provided on this website should not be construed as legal advice nor should it be used as a substitute for consulting with legal counsel.
1. NCGS Privacy Statement
At the National Coalition of Girls’ Schools (“NCGS”), we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We recognize that our primary responsibility is to meet your interests and needs as a Member, affiliate, or friend of NCGS. We also want you to understand how we use your information and the choices you can make about the way your information may be collected and used.
This privacy policy tells you about the information NCGS collects through the services available on our website, ncgs.org (the “Site”), how we use that information, and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect. By using our services and accessing our Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this policy, as modified from time to time by us. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a new policy on our Site and change the date at the top of the policy. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy whenever you visit this Site for any updates or changes. Please see our Terms of Use for a more detailed legal explanation of our general online policies.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of your information, or if you need help changing or deleting your NCGS account, you can e-mail us at ncgs@ncgs.org.
2. The Information We Collect and Use — Member Accounts
If you are an administrator at a girls’ school, then in order to use certain features of our Site (for example, our Member School Directory, and other resources and strategic planning materials available only to Member Schools), you must first complete a registration form.
During registration, you are required to give contact information, such as name, e-mail address, school or organization, and job title. This information is used to contact you about the services on our Site in which we think you may be interested. We will also share your contact information with other Member Schools by publishing it in our print and online membership directory.
It will be optional for you to provide additional information, such as demographic information, and additional personally identifiable information so that we can provide a more personalized experience for you.
If you create a Member login account on our Site, we will also collect and store access information related to your account, including your user name and password.
3. The Information We Collect and Use — Orders
Whether or not you are a Member, whenever you place an order via our Site or register for a conference on our Site, information about you will be requested on an order form. The information requested would include name and shipping address and financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date, and may include your phone number and/or e-mail address. This information is used to obtain payment from the appropriate clearinghouse and to fill customers’ orders. If you make a purchase through our Amazon.com bookstore, we do not have access to the name, shipping address, and credit card information used to make the purchase.
4. The Information We Collect and Use — Cookies, Third-Party Links, and Third-Party Content
(a) Cookies. We may make use of “cookies” on our Site. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer by a Web server based on the permissions set in a user’s browser software. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user’s computer (other than the contents of the cookie); rather, it is an identifier used by the website that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customize, monitor, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored on the host server. Therefore, cookies only identify the user’s computer to the website, which may correlate other information, including personally identifying information, with the cookie.
We use cookies to allow us to automate access and data entry functions of our Site such as login information, to correlate online ordering information for purchases you may make while at the Site (if any), to tailor the Site to your preferences or interests, or to customize promotions or marketing. In addition, cookies allow us to track use of the Site to determine those areas which are useful or popular and those that are not, thereby enabling us to improve and update the Site effectively.
You may adjust your Web browsers to either alert you of the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. Be aware that if you elect not to accept cookies, some parts of the Site may not function properly or permit access.
(b) Third-Party Links. On our Site, we provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our Members and guests. Please be aware that other companies may collect various types of information about you and have different privacy policies and practices. NCGS takes care to ensure its users’ privacy, but not every company has comparable policies. Other than NCGS’s own Site, no site on the Web is under NCGS’s exclusive control, not even those sites to which we may provide links. Therefore NCGS cannot and does not assume any responsibility for any other site’s content or practices. Providers of Internet sites or services have separate data and privacy practices independent of NCGS that govern the manner in which they use the information that you provide to them. Many websites use cookies to recognize you when you return to their site; some sites require that you provide information before they allow you to enter; some automatically gather information when you visit, such as what operating system your computer runs, what type of Web browser you use, what Internet access provider you use, or what other Web pages you visit; and sites vary greatly (from each other and from NCGS) with regard to how they use such information and to whom they disclose it. We encourage you to exercise care each time you are asked to provide personally identifiable information at a site whose privacy policies you don’t know.
(c) Third-Party Content. Even at NCGS’s Site, many of the features and much of the content is supplied by third parties (or jointly by NCGS and one or more third parties), each of which has its own privacy policies and practices. Examples of these features and content include our updates that are accessible via Twitter. You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information when you register for certain services or promotions on our Site; in such cases, the information you provide may be collected and used by a third party rather than, or in addition to, NCGS. Our policy requires such third parties to notify you in advance if they intend to use information you provide for purposes unrelated to the services or promotions for which you sign up, and to give you the opportunity to choose not to use their service rather than share your information with them, but we cannot assume responsibility for their compliance with our policy.
5. More on How We Use Information
(a) IP Address. In addition to the use of cookies as described above, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your preferences and to gather broad demographic information.
(b) Financial. We use the financial information you provide about yourself when ordering a product or service, or registering for a conference to complete the transaction. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the transaction.
(c) Identification. If you are a registered Member, we use the identifying information you provide about yourself for the in-print and online Membership directory, which is shared with other Members, and for a variety of organizational purposes, including sharing with you information about NCGS products and services we think might be of interest to you. We do not sell, rent, or share e-mail addresses with external organizations or individuals.
(d) Surveys. We use data gathered through surveys and benchmarking studies solely for the purposes described therein. Unless specifically noted otherwise, no personally identifiable information is disclosed in reporting on these surveys and studies. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. Survey information will be used to improve the overall experience on ncgs.org.
(e) Correspondence with Us. We may collect information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions, or suggestions to us.
(f) Resumes. If you are interested in applying for a job with NCGS, we may collect your resume. Resumes you submit for job applications will not be used for marketing purposes.
(g) Opting Out. Finally, we do not intend to use or share any personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. If you do not want us to use your email address for our own marketing or promotional purposes, you can remove yourself from our e-mail list at any time by e-mailing us at ncgs@ncgs.org.
6. Public Forums
NCGS makes Forums available to its users. As indicated above, please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personally identifiable information in any Forum. NCGS Forums and other online services have separate use policies to which users must adhere. These use policies may be accessed here.
7. Supplemental Information
This Site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. For example, if you are a registered Member, we may include in your Member profile data supplied by the institution with which you are employed.
8. Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
9. Links to Other Sites
This Site contains links to other sites. As stated above, NCGS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
10. Children
Our Site is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information on this Site. We ask that parents supervise their children while online.
11. Member Account Information
Member registration data can be accessed only with a valid Member name and password (which the Member selects during registration), or by authorized personnel within NCGS. Therefore, if you are a registered Member, you should not disclose your Member name or password to any unauthorized third parties. If your password is compromised, you should access your account and change your password immediately.
12. Access
You may view, change, or delete information in your NCGS account. Please use the online form at [insert link to member site] to change or close your NCGS account automatically. Once you close your account, you will not receive any promotional or marketing materials from us or any third party as described by this policy based on information you have provided to us through the Site.
13. Opting Out
As noted above, if you do not want us to use your email address for our own marketing or promotional purposes, you can remove yourself from our e-mail list at any time by e-mailing us at ncgs@ncgs.org.
14. How You Can Contact NCGS
(a) You can e-mail ncgs@ncgs.org.
(b) You can send mail to the following postal address: NCGS, 50 Leonard Street, Suite C, Belmont, Massachusetts 02478.
(c) You can call the following telephone number: (617) 489-0013.
In conclusion, should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies or other aspects of our policies, please send us an e-mail at ncgs@ncgs.org.
©2011 National Coalition of Girls’ Schools. All rights reserved.