https://www.shad.ca/privacy/
Shad Canada | Privacy Policy
ShadProgram
ShadCampuses
ShadNetwork
ShadSupporters
ShadTeam
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
You Tube
Instagram
Français
Stories
Videos
ShadSwag
Apply
Donate
Logo
ShadProgram
About ShadOnline
About Shad
Benefits of Shad
Who Can Apply?
Fees & Financial Support
Shad Campuses
Stories
Frequently Asked Questions
Parents’ Perspective
High School Educators
Inclusive Partnerships
ShadCampuses
Participating Campuses
Shad Program Directors
Become a ShadCampus
ShadNetwork
Shad Network
Get Involved
Exclusive Scholarships
Shad Ambassadors
ShadSupporters
Shad Supporters
Impact of Your Support
Our Generous Supporters
Frequently Asked Questions
ShadTeam
Shad National Team
Shad Board of Directors
Shad Program Directors
Join Our Team
Contact
Apply
Donate
Stories
Videos
ShadSwag
Français
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
You Tube
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Where and Why We Collect Personal Information Online
Currently Shad Canada collects personal information from users when they register for any of our programs or online web services (programs where users can connect to our servers to access custom services, or log in to communicate with other users for free) or when they contact us directly.
Email
When you send us an email you provide us with your name and email address, along with any other information you provide in the body of your email. This information may be shared with persons outside of Shad Canada only when they are required to receive this information in order to respond effectively to your query. We retain all email correspondence indefinitely for purposes of improvement based on customer feedback.
Privacy Policy
Shad
Canada is committed to ensuring the protection of personal information of our
employees, customers, clients and users of the shad.ca web site and our
supporters. It is fundamental to the way we do business at Shad Canada in all
our relationships, either on or off the Internet: we are committed to keeping
personal information accurate, confidential, secure and private.
Shad Canada’s
policy is simple: we collect personal information about you only when you
knowingly and willingly provide it, and we will not share or otherwise profit
from the distribution of personal data beyond the use it was provided to
fulfill.
Our
practices conform with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. The act consists
of ten inter-related fair information principles which are outlined below.
The Ten Fair Information Principles
Principle
1 – Accountability
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes
Principle 3 – Consent
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Principle 6 – Accuracy
Principle 7 – Safeguarding User Information
Principle 8 – Openness
Principle 9 – Customer Access
Principle 10 – Handling User Complaints and Suggestions
Principle 1 – Accountability Shad Canada is responsible for all personal information under its control including any personal information disclosed to third parties for processing. When personal information is collected, the purpose will be clearly stated either orally or in writing. By providing the information, either orally or in writing, the provider’s consent is assumed. Only those individuals who need access to the information to fulfill the intended use will have access to the information. Shad Canada has established policies and procedures to comply with its own privacy code, and has designated one or more persons to be accountable for compliance.
Principle
2 – Identifying Purposes
Shad Canada will identify the purposes for collecting personal
information prior to or at the time it is being provided. Personal information
will not be used for a purpose not previously identified without further
individual consent, unless the new purpose is required by law.
Principle 3
– Consent
The knowledge and consent of the customer are required for the
collection, use or disclosure of customer information, except where that
information is depersonalized for generic demographic analysis.
Principle
4 – Limiting Collection
The collection of personal information shall be limited to that which is
necessary for the purposes identified by Shad Canada.
Principle
5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other
than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the
individual or as required by law. Personal information shall be retained only
as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
Principle
6 – Accuracy
Personal information shall be as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as
is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Principle
7 – Safeguarding User Information
Shad Canada protects personal information with safeguards appropriate to
the sensitivity of the information. Access to information gathered will only be
available to those they need it to fulfill its intended purpose. Passwords to
electronic files and locks on filing cabinets are employed to ensure that the
information is protected. Furthermore all computer systems require
authenticated logins, servers are under restricted access and user passwords
are encrypted within the database to ensure security. All administrative
passwords are stored in locked filing cabinets and encrypted documents.
Principle 8
– Openness
Shad Canada will make specific information about its personal
information management policies and practices readily available to any member
of the general public.
Principle 9
– Customer Access
Upon request, Shad Canada will inform individuals of the existence, use,
and disclosure of their personal information and provide access to that
information. An individual shall be able to verify the accuracy and
completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended, as
appropriate.
Requests
for access to personal information collected will be fulfilled within 30 days.
Responses to inquiries or complaints will be handled immediately.
Principle
10 – Handling User Complaints and Suggestions
Shad Canada provides procedures to receive and respond to complaints or
inquiries about policies and practices relating to the handling of personal
information.
Upon employment, every employee of Shad Canada is required to sign a “Confidentiality Agreement and Code of Ethics” that ensures the confidential handling of business information. This agreement demonstrates our commitment, both collectively and as individuals, to protecting the confidentiality of information held by the company, including specifically, “customer information.”
Limitation of Liability
Complete confidentiality and security is not yet possible over the Internet. Internet use and communication is subject to interception, loss and alteration. On whichever site you provide personal information, it is possible for a third party to view that information. It is not surprising, for example, that messages to newsgroups have resulted in unsolicited email from spammers. You acknowledge and agree that Shad Canada shall not be responsible for any damages you may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential or sensitive information over the Internet, and that all such communications will be at your own risk.isited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
We
hope you find this statement informative and clear. Please contact our Director
of Finance, Jackie Hatherly-Martin by email or at (519)
884-8844 x232 with any questions or requests for further information. Or, if
you prefer, contact us in writing, at:
Shad Canada350-100 Regina St. S.Waterloo, ON   N2J 4P9Canada
Individuals can
also contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada in writing at the address
provided.
Office of the Privacy
Commissioner of Canada
30,
Victoria Street
Gatineau,
Quebec
K1A 1H3
or submit an online form on the PCC’s website.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Updates
Shad Canada reserves the right to update and amend this policy as it’s deemed necessary or appropriate to do so. Please check back often to be apprised of any changes. This version was updated on May 16, 2019.
Stay up-to-date
Subscribe to the Shad newsletter
Title Generous Supporters
canada life
HATCH
Google
RBC
SAP
Trottier
419-A Phillip Street
Waterloo ON N2L 3X2
Canada
TEL: 519-884-8844FAX: 519-884-0665EMAIL: info@shad.ca
Newsroom
Educator Resources
Success Stories
Français
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
You Tube
Instagram
© Copyright 2019 Shad Canada. All Rights Reserved.  | Privacy Policy | Website Terms of Use | Whistleblower and Complaints Policy
Website by REES + STAGER
ShadOnline - A Pandemic Pivot / ShadEnligne – Un pivot pandémique