http://www.su.ualberta.ca/about/privacy/
MOBILEON
Quick Links:
Exam Registries |
Tutor Listing |
Building Hours |
Contact Us
UASU Cares
Keyword Index
Useful Links
ABOUT YOUR SU
Who We Are
COVID-19 Information
Student Handbooks 2020
Sustainability & Capital Fund
Students' Union Building
Budgets & Fees
News
Students' Rights
Strategic Plan
ARRC Recommendations
Sustainability
Get Involved
Social Media
Sponsorship and Advertising
Working at the SU
Contact Us
STUDENT SERVICES
U-Pass Information
Access Fund
Awards
Be Book Smart
Campus Food Bank
Financial Aid Office
Health and Dental Plan
InfoLink
Jobkin Job Registry
Leadership Education and Development Centre
OmbudService
Orientation
Peer Support Centre
Renting Spaces Housing Registry
Safewalk
Student Group Services
Sustain SU
The Landing
BUSINESSES & VENUES
SUBmart
SUBprint
Catering
The Daily Grind
Dewey's
Room at the Top
Horowitz Theatre
Dinwoodie Lounge
SUBstage
Meeting Centre
GOVERNANCE
Students' Council
Executives
Committees and Boards
Bylaws and Policies
Advocacy
Discover Governance
Elections
Faculty Associations
Department Associations
Residence Associations
Student Leaders Week
EVENTS
Upcoming Events
Events Calendar
Art in SUB
Campus Cup
Movie Nights
Week of Welcome
New Student Orientation
Get Involved!
The University of Alberta Students’ Union takes protecting your privacy very seriously.
Our websites do not gather any personal information from you automatically; any information that we do collect is only obtained if you provide it voluntarily (e.g. by contacting us via e-mail, or via an online form), and all such personal information is managed according to the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIPP) Act and/or the Alberta Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA) wherever either Act applies.
Information collected automatically on the Internet
Like many websites, the Students’ Union gathers certain information about visitors to its sites automatically, and stores it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring and exit pages, operating system, monitor size, date and time stamp, and clickstream data.
This information does not identify individual users, and is only used by UASU employees to help us make our sites more useful to our users by learning about the number of visitors to our site, and by monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology our visitors use.
Some of this information is collected through Google Analytics. Visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for instructions on how to opt-out.
Cookies
Many websites - including this one - use “cookies” and other technologies to help you fill in forms or track your use of the site. A cookie is a small piece of text information that is sent to your browser when you access a particular website, and is used whenever you return to that site. Your browser software will let you disable cookies if you wish, and you can also use your browser to see what cookies are installed on your system.
Information Collected in E-mails and Web Forms
As we said at the beginning, if you provide us with personal information – either via e-mail, or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through our website - we will use that information to respond to you. The Students’ Union does not collect personal information for commercial marketing or distribution to any private organizations. Information may be shared with partner organizations such as the University of Alberta when necessary.
Information Collected through the AddThis Sharing Platform
The "Share" button on each page and its associated sharing platform is delivered to you by AddThis.
For more information about the AddThis privacy policy, and instructions on how to opt-out, please visit www.addthis.com/privacy.
Links to Third Party Websites
Links to sites external to www.su.ualberta.ca are provided as a convenience, and their inclusion in no way implies that the Students' Union endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of these sites.
Security
For site security purposes, the Students’ Union uses software to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Last updated December 6, 2012
Privacy Policy
Social
Contact
Phone780-492-4241
Fax780-492-4643
Address
Students' Union Executive and Administrative Offices
Room 2-900
Students' Union BuildingUniversity of Alberta8900 - 114 Street NWEdmonton, ABT6G 2J7
© 2020 University of Alberta Students' UnionHome | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Social Media