http://www.ilpi.com/privacy.html
This privacy policy refers to web pages in the www.ilpi.com domain.
A separate privacy policy is available for our retail division,
Safety Emporium.
Cookies
At ILPI we take privacy very seriously.
If there's one thing we can't stand, it is certain ad agencies that write cookies on your hard drive that last until (no kidding) the year 2010 or 2037 every time you visit one of their sponsored pages.
Get real, guys.
Where someone surfs day to day is their own business, not a marketer's.
We don't torture and annoy our visitors this way.
Here at ILPI, we only use cookies in the rare circumstances when we need to make sure the server is not confusing your input with another user's.
And when we do write cookies, they are erased as soon as you quit your browser.
We don't ask you for any personal information, and nothing input on any of our web pages (such as this fun page) is ever stored or recorded.
Further, we also reject any advertisers who wish to use "web bugs", 1x1 "invisible" gif images that are uniquely coded to identify you as you move from web site to web site even if you have cookies disabled in your browser.
We find this an insidious invasion of privacy.
See this handy article for further information.
Personal Information
We do not collect or record any personal information about any of our public visitors.
As with any site, we do have a log file which tells us the IP address and referring page of our visitors, but we make no effort (and have no way) to tie any of this to you personally.
Like all commercial ad-supported sites, we supply these log file summaries to our advertisers, but rest assured we aren't gathering, giving away or selling any personal information (including your email address).
We will never put you on an unsolicited mailing list.
For those that are employees of our corporate customers, we only gather information required by our contractual commitments.
While this will obviously be shared with your employer in most cases, we will otherwise hold such information in the strictest confidence (unless compelled to do so by the legal system).
Email
Emails sent to ILPI may be routed to various employees for action or comment.
We will not add your name to an unsolicited email list just because you emailed us.
Some of the comments we receive about our web pages are quite wonderful, and we like to give thanks to you publicly or share these with our clients.
In these cases, we will either anonymize your email or ask your permission to reconvey this information.
In cases where you are seeking advice or other sources of information we may occasionally cc: a third party that can assist you.
Spam
We hate spam as much as you, probably even more.
We do not run an email list and we do not subscribe to any services that provide such lists.
Occasionally, we approach potential clients or advertisers, but every single one of these contacts is made by a genuine human being who personally visited the prospective web site and had a specific business interest to convey.
We have a zero tolerance policy for spam and spammers.
Any IP address that sends us spam is permanently blocked from sending us additional email.
In addition, we block all inbound email from Brazil, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea and India (servers with host names ending in *.br, *.cn, *.tw, *.hk *.kr, and *.in) because 99.99% of the email we receive from those locations are improperly open proxies or spam-friendly.
This list now includes a good chunk of Poland and Spain, too. If you are a legitimate user from one of those regions need to contact us with a non-spam message, use a free email account from Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo, etc. and your mail should reach us.
We also use SpamCop and Spamhaus real-time DNS black lists to automatically block all email from known spam sources.
If your email is rejected by one of these lists, there will be a link to the appropriate web site where you can find information about getting your IP address off the black list:
Copyright 1998-2020 by Interactive Learning Paradigms Incorporated.
All rights
reserved. This page was last updated: Tuesday, March 31, 2015.Questions? Comments?
Contact us by email.