http://www.intraxinc.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Careers
Contact
Who We AreOur StoryLearn more about the rich and unique history of Intrax.
Our PeopleMeet our diverse, talented staff working around the globe.
Our AffiliationsWe have affiliations and partnerships with leaders in cultural exchange.
In the MediaRead more about our programs, staff and participants.
CareersExplore global career opportunities with Intrax.
Partner With Us Join us in connecting the world.
What We OfferAu PairConnecting young adults with families in need of childcare.
Global InternshipsBringing together companies and interns for a global work experience.
High School ExchangeRewarding homestay experiences for high school student and host families.
Work TravelMatching companies in need of seasonal work with young adventurers.
Camp Care USAConnecting young adults from around the world with the unique American summer camp experience.
Where We Are
Privacy Policy
The Intrax Privacy Policy applies to the websites and mobile applications operated by Intrax, Inc. and its affiliated businesses and brands. The Intrax Privacy Policy encompasses both Data Privacy and Cookie usage. It is intended to apply uniformly around the globe wherever Intrax does business. For the purposes of this policy and supporting documentation, Intrax shall mean: International Training and Exchange, Inc, and its wholly owned subsidiaries and named affiliates. You should not assume that the Intrax Privacy Policy extends to websites that are not directly owned and operated by Intrax.
This privacy policy was updated on December 16, 2019.
Guiding Principles
Intrax uses these principles to guide us in respecting your privacy on our websites:
Your personal information is used to engage in a relationship between you, Intrax and/or our designated affiliates and partners.
We believe you share information with us for a purpose. We will use your personal information in ways that are consistent with your request.
We understand that your interests and goals may change. We will make it possible for you to tell us about these changes, and we will respect those changes.
We accept that you are entitled to a clear description of what types of information we collect directly or indirectly from you and what we do with it and have detailed that information in our Privacy Policy.
We understand that the legal framework for protecting your privacy is important to both of us, and we regularly update our policies and practices to comply with applicable data protection laws and regulations, including the E.U.’s General Data Protection Regulation.
We try to make it easy for you to raise privacy or data protection questions or concerns directly to someone who can address your concern and/or implement corrective action.
We will use commercially reasonable measures in our systems and business processes to protect your personal information from misuse and provide you with a mechanism to opt out of future uses.
Policy Acceptance
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the Intrax website(s), you consent to the Intrax Privacy Policy.
Please address any questions, concerns or comments you have about this policy to:
email: privacy@intraxinc.com
phone: +1.415.434.1221
mail: Intrax, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
600 California Street, 10th Floor
San Francisco, California, 94108
United States of America
Data Privacy - Cookie Management / Usage