http://www.teachme2.com/en/terms-and-conditions
Choose your country to see content specific to your location.
the world
Other country
Continue
Contact
Coaching
Online Tutoring
Get a Tutor
If you’re from one of the countries below, please follow the link to view the terms and conditions.
Africa
South Africa
North America
United States
TEACH ME 2 TERMS AND CONDITIONS
December 2018
Introduction
These are the "Terms" that regulate your general use of https://www.teachme2.co.za and http://www.teachme2.co.uk/ including all sub-domains of such websites (the "Website"), and our relationship with you. These Terms create a legally binding contract between us, Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited and TeachMe2 Limited, trading as "Teach Me 2" ("Teach Me 2", "us" or "we"), and you, as soon as they apply. These Terms will apply if you access or use our Website as a browser of the Website. If you become a customer of Teach Me 2, our relationship with you as a customer will be governed by the "Client Terms And Conditions" on our website. If you become a tutor of Teach Me 2, our relationship with you as a tutor will be governed by the "Tutor Terms And Conditions" on our website.
Don't use our Website if you don't absolutely agree to these Terms, as you can only use our Website on these Terms.
The essential point of these Terms
Your use of the Website is at your sole discretion and we have no obligations arising from your general use of the Website and we will not be liable for any liability, damage or loss resulting from your use or inability to use our Website. You should not act in a way that relies on any information found on our Website as all information is displayed for general information purposes only.
Other applicable terms
Your general use of the Website is also subject to our "Privacy Policy" which is available on the Website. Additional terms may also apply for specific products or services available through our Website ("The Additional Terms"), including the Commercial Terms that are applicable to clients and tutors. If there is a conflict between these Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will apply in so far as the Additional Terms are applicable to you.
Changes to our Website and/or these Terms
We have the right (as far as the law allows) to suspend, change or add to our Website, and to change or add to these Terms, at our discretion, and such changes will apply as soon as they are made. We may notify you about any changes to these Terms, but it is your responsibility to review these Terms each time you use the Website to ensure that you are aware of any changes.
Use of our Website
You may not:
distribute any content from our Website without our prior consent;
use any technology, including but not limited to crawlers and spiders, to search our Website or obtain information from our Website;
frame our Website or any pages of our Website;
link to our Website in a manner other than through the homepage; or
deep-link to any other pages on our Website in a way that would suggest that you own the intellectual property that belongs to us.
Intellectual property
All content and material on the Website is owned by Teach Me 2 ("Intellectual Property"), and all right, title and interest to and in any such Intellectual Property is proprietary to Teach Me 2, unless otherwise noted. You are not authorised to copy, reproduce, or use any content without our prior written consent.
You will not acquire any rights of any nature in respect of that Intellectual Property by using our Website or services.
Cookies
When you use our Website, we may collect and process cookies. Teach Me 2 will only collect and process cookies in terms of the Privacy Policy.
Limited liability
Teach Me 2 is not responsible or liable for any harm, loss or damage suffered as a result of or relating to the Website, any personal information of any browser, or any information that is transmitted through the Website. Teach Me 2 accepts no responsibility or liability for any harm, loss or damage that you may suffer due to any reliance on the content of the Website.
We have taken reasonable measures to ensure the integrity of the Website and its contents. However, we do not warrant that any files, software, downloads or other material available from the Website are free of viruses or other similar software.
Law and disputes
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in terms of South African laws. You consent that the Magistrate's Court will have jurisdiction even if the proceedings are otherwise beyond its jurisdiction.
Waiver
Any failure by Teach Me 2 to enforce or require strict performance of these Terms does not amount to a waiver of or affect the validity of these Terms.
Getting in touch
Please email us at hello@teachme2.co.za for any enquiries about our Website.
Legal disclosure
Website owner:
https://www.teachme2.co.za/ is owned by Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited (South African registration number 2018/199351/07).
http://www.teachme2.co.uk/ is owned by TeachMe2 Limited (United Kingdom company number 11404405).
Legal status:
Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited is a private company, duly incorporated in terms of the applicable laws of South Africa.
TeachMe2 Limited is a private limited company, duly incorporated in terms of the applicable laws of England and Wales.
Directors:
Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited: N Miller and WA Blyth.
TeachMe2 Limited: WA Blyth.
Description of main business of Teach Me 2: Teach Me 2 provides an online platform enabling clients to engage top-quality tutors.
Email address:
Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited: hello@teachme2.co.za.
TeachMe2 Limited: hello@teachme2.co.uk.
Website address: https://www.teachme2.co.za/ and http://www.teachme2.co.uk/.
Address:
Teach Me 2 Proprietary Limited (South Africa):
Registered, postal and physical address: 6 Thicket Street, Newlands, Cape Town, 7700.
TeachMe2 Limited (United Kingdom):
Registered address: 10 Wellington Street, Cambridge, United Kingdom, CB1 1HW.
Physical and postal address: The Theatre, 7 Church Street, Leatherhead, Surrey, United Kingdom, KT22 7PA