https://www.puc.edu/privacy-policy
Tell Me More
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Pacific Union College is committed to safeguarding both restricted and private data for every PUC constituent. Strong data protection builds trust with our multiple constituents (students, employees, parents/relatives of students, potential students, former students, alumni, donors, and financial sponsors). We strive to ensure that each PUC employee who has access to restricted and private data is trained on how to handle and protect it. PUC does not share our constituent’s data with third party marketing commercial companies or those that have no business relationship with PUC.
Data Privacy Notice
PUC needs to collect and retain certain types of data, in various formats, about relevant individuals (such as students, employees, parents/relatives of students, potential students, former students, donors, and financial sponsors) to fulfil the functions of an education provider. This policy outlines the purposes for which the information is collected and the college’s practices in processing this data.
Data Content
PUC may collect a wide variety of information about a student, such as names, addresses, contact details, age, gender, racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, photographic images, academic details, information relating to family, lifestyle and social circumstances, education and training details, employment details, financial details, physical or mental health information, or other information deemed relevant to the college.
Data Purposes
PUC may use a student's information for a variety of legitimate educational interests, including the following:
Maintaining student records
Maintaining employment records
Maintaining financial records
Monitoring student academic progress
Conducting institutional assessment and research
Providing advice and support to students and employees through various campus services, such as financial services, health services, academic advising, academic support, counseling, and others
Managing college residences and properties
Conducting institutional co-curricular activities in support of the academic mission of the college
Maintaining and publishing institutional directories
Preparing reports for various entities, including accreditation and government agencies, in accordance with relevant regulations
Data Processing and Disclosures
PUC allows various school officials and organizations to access and process your personal information if they have a legitimate educational interest. Your information is only used when it is necessary to conduct tasks in relation to services or benefits you have requested from the college or to conduct the practical day-to-day administration of the college. This list represents the types of school officials who may have access to your data:
A person employed by the college as an administrator, faculty, or staff member
A student employed by the college to assist an administrator, faculty, or staff member in fulfillment of his/her professional duties
A person employed by, or under contract to, the college to perform a special task, such as an attorney or an auditor
A person or organization acting as an official agent of the college and performing a business function or service on behalf of the college
A member of a college committee (may include student members)
A person serving on the college Board of Trustees
Relevant government and accreditation agencies to whom the college has a statutory obligation to release information
Relevant individuals and authorities in the case of an immediate health or safety emergency
Students only: Officials of another school in which a student seeks or intends to enroll
Students only: A student's parents, if the student is a dependent as defined by the IRS code (provided that proper documentation is on file at the college to establish dependency) or if the student has signed a release form to authorize disclosure of information to parents
All processing, storage, and disclosure of data is handled in accordance with the Family Educational Rights Privacy Act (“FERPA”) for student record data, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) for health data, and any other applicable privacy laws.
Student’s Rights
Students have the right to inspect and review their education records. Students may seek amendment if they believe their education records are inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise in violation of their privacy rights. Education records will not be disclosed without the student’s consent, except under the authorized disclosures specified in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. If a student believes that their privacy rights have been violated, they have a right to file a complaint of non-compliance with the Family Policy Compliance Office of the U.S. Department of Education.
Procedure for Inspecting Education Records
A student has the right to inspect and review their education records within 45 days of their request. PUC will provide a response to reasonable requests for explanations and interpretations of the record. If a student is unable to inspect their education records, PUC shall make other arrangements for the student to inspect, including making a copy of the education records. PUC will not charge a fee to search for or retrieve a student’s education records, but may charge a fee to copy the records.
The Procedure for Requesting Amendment of Records
A student may ask PUC to amend their education record if he or she believes the records contain inaccurate information, misleading information, or is in violation of their right to privacy.  PUC will either: 1) amend the record within a reasonable amount of time, or 2) notify the student of its decision not to change the record and inform the student of their right to a hearing to challenge that decision.
Marketing Communication Activities
Various departmental offices (such as the Advancement Office and the Marketing & Communication Office) may use your details to send you news and information about academic and alumni activities. Departments may also offer opportunities for you to be involved with the college and support its work. You can tailor your marketing communications preferences or opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by contacting Pacific Union College at pr@puc.edu or calling (707) 965-6303 with your request.
Third-Parties
We use the following third-party services which handle data in their own ways and have their own privacy policies.
Service
Purpose
Privacy Policy
Bloomerang
Advancement tool used for online community and online gifts.
bloomerang.co
Google Analytics
To better understand our users and audience. Visitor information includes, but is not limited to: device, OS, relative location based on IP, pages viewed, time on pages.
policies.google.com
Pioneer Connect
Alumni directory connecting our family of Pioneers.
pioneerconnect.org
Spectrum EMP
Enrollment Marketing Platform for prospective students.
liaisonedu.com
YouVisit
Provides a virtual tour of the Pacific Union College campus.
youvisit.com
Zopim Chat
Used to interact with our website audience and be available when users have questions.
zopim.com