https://www.strathmore.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Strathmore University
We have detected you are using an outdated browser.
Kindly upgrade your version of Internet Explorer or use another browser like Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
New Students
Apply
FAQ's
About SU
Chaplaincy
Library
Student Life
Blog
(+254) (0) 703-034000/200/300
info@strathmore.edu
Madaraka Estate, Nairobi, Kenya
Home
Admissions
Courses
Faculty & Schools
Research
Contact
Support SU
Private Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
By contacting and informing us about the changes in their profile. Our administrators will be able to change it in the database.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at communications@strathmore.edu and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.strathmore.edu
info@strathmore.edu
(+254) (0) 703-034000/200/300                             Last Edited on 2018-06-22
SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER
Sign up to receive our newsletter.
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Study at Strathmore
Admissions
BCOM – ACCA Embedded Programme
Courses
Faculty & Schools
Office of Graduate Studies (OGS)
Important Links
Academic Calendar
Alumni Services
AMS Students’ Module
Brand Guidelines
Graduation Policy
Mzima Sacco
Research Management System
Sagana
Student e-Learning System
Strathmore Medical Service Providers
Lectures Guide for Online Learning
Lecturers Regulations for Live Video Class Sessions
Students Regulations for Live Video Class Sessions
Campus Life
Community Service Centre
Health Services
ICT Services
Latest News
Mentoring at strathmore
Recommended Hostels
SU Chaplaincy
Student Life
Vacancies
Faculties & Schools
School of Computing and Engineering Sciences (SCES)
Strathmore Business School
Strathmore Law School
School of Humanities & Social Sciences
School of Tourism and Hospitality
Office of Graduate Studies
© 2020 Strathmore University
Outreach
Donate to Strathmore
Community Service Centre
Macheo Program
Strathmore University Foundation
Other Links
Privacy Policy
Graduation Policy
Brand Guidelines
eForms System
Attachment Resources
Attachment System
Mzima Sacco
Student Council Constitution
Institutes and Centres
Institute of Management and Technology
Institute of Mathematical Sciences
Institute for Family Studies and Ethics
Institute for Advanced Studies in International Criminal Justice
Energy Research Centre
Extractives Industry Centre
Centre for Intellectual Property and Information Technology Law
Centre for Research in Education
Dispute Resolution Centre
Translate »
CookiesThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience while browsing. If you continue to use the website, we assume that you are happy with the collection and use of information on this website. Find out more.I agree