https://www.brookesunion.org.uk/footer/privacy-policy
Sign in
Click to Search
Click to Search
Menu
Your Voice
Student Reps
Become a rep
Reps Resources
Staff Guide to Reps
Campaigns
Rent Smart
Wellbeing
Brookes Union Explores
Stress Less
Student Networks
Campaigns Hub
Your Portfolio Officer Team
Big Ideas
General meetings
AGM
Democracy
By-Election
Help & Advice
Housing
Housing Group
Money Saving Tips
Sexual Health
Consent
Sexual Misconduct
Mental health and wellbeing
Staying safe
Crime
Alcohol
Housing security
Getting around
Find support
Brookes Union Safe Taxi
Whats On
Events
Lockdown Gallery
Societies
Current Societies
Start a new society
Committee resources
Societies and the law
Society elections
Society finances
Forms
Submit a Budget Form
Submit a Reclaim Form
Event Planning Form
Training Videos
Risk Assessment
Grants
Society tiering
Stash - campus clothing
Frequently Asked Questions
Awards
Society Of The Month
Contact the team
Shop
Branded Hoodies
Student Discounts
About us
Student Blog
News
Contact Us
How to find us
Opening Times
Sales & Advertising
Booking Space
Complaints and Disciplinary procedures
Student Wins
Sustainability
Policies
Vacancies
Privacy policy
This privacy statement sets out how Brookes Union uses and protects any information that you give The Union when you use this website.
Oxford Brookes Students’ Union is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide any information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and in alignment with the Eu General Data Protection Regulation.
Oxford Brookes Students’ Union may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This statement is effective from 25th May 2018.
Where we collect information about you:
When you become a member:
When you enrol at Oxford Brookes University to automatically become a member of the Union, unless you opt out during enrolment. Oxford Brookes University shared with us a register of members, which includes information about you and your course.
When you give it to us:
You may give us information when you sign up to join a society, take part in an event, undertake research activities, use our Advice Service or buy from us.
We may ask you for the following information:
Address and date of birth
Contact information including email address, phone number and home address
Medical information and details of next of kin (for example, for trips and high-risk activities)
Demographic information such as preferences and interests
Bank details (to facilitate a purchase)
Other information relevant to the provision of our membership services.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs, to provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To respond to you enquiry
To manage your membership and those services we provide to you
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you by email, to tell you about Brookes Union’s news, activities and events.
Online elections
Brookes Union is a democratic organisation and all student members have the opportunity to stand and vote in elections. Brookes Union conducts its elections ballot online, and students are identified by their University login details. This process allows Brookes Union to determine in which elections students may vote, and to run a secure, fair and democratic election. Votes are not personally identifiable.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, before you use these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not exercise any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Controlling what you want to hear about
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us, or emailing us at su@brookes.ac.uk.
You can change your subscription preferences by logging in to your account on our website, or by following the unsubscribe at the bottom of an email.
As a member of The Union we will need to send you a number of service based communications throughout the year regarding the management of your membership and statutory Union business (for example regarding the annual elections and the annual general meeting). These are not marketing communications and you are not able to opt-out from receiving them.
We will not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.
Keeping your information up to date
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Accessing your data
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Oxford Brookes Students’ Union Data Protection Officer, John Henry Brookes Building, Headington Campus, Gipsy Lane, Oxford, OX3 0BP
Info
Privacy policy
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Contact Us
Phone: 01865 484750
Email: su@brookes.ac.uk
Follow us
facebook
instagram
twitter
Oxford Brookes Students' Union, registered charity number: 1140275