https://www.um.edu.mt/privacy
Privacy policy - L-Università ta' Malta
Hit Enter to Search or Escape to Close
This website uses cookies for optimum user experience. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.
Accept
Current students
Portal
Coronavirus
Assessments 2020
Exam VLE
WISEflow - exams
IT support
Library
Conduct
UM courses
Mail
eSIMS
VLE
Jobs in Malta
Staff
Portal
Staff directory
CoronavirusAssessments 2020Exam VLEWISEflow - examsIT supportLibrarySchedule of tasksVLEMaileSIMSAIMSSIMS
Toggle navigation
Study
Study
Study at UM
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Doctoral School
FAQs for October 2020
Admissions and advice
Dates and deadlines
Fees and funding
Foundation Studies
Study at your own pace
DegreePlus
Junior College
MATSEC Board
About
About
The University
History
Governance
Strategic plan
Our brand
Facts and figures
Work at UM
Contact us
A-Z
Research
Research
Research at UM
Research projects at UM
Doctoral School
Support for researchers
Intellectual property
Research ethics
THINK
Library services
Lab facilities
Platforms
Academic entities
Academic entities
All academic entities
Faculties
Centres
Institutes
Schools
Junior College
Services
Services
All services at UM
Administrative directorates
Administrative and student services
Health & Wellness Centre
Resource centres
Childcare services
UM Alumni
University of the Third Age
Internal Audit Function
CampusFM
Standard operating procedures
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The University of Malta is committed to protect the visitors’ privacy whilst viewing University web pages in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation and all other applicable privacy and data protection legislation. The underlying Privacy Policy explains the types of data collected and how this information will be used.
Access Information
The University of Malta web servers automatically log each visit that they receive. This data contains some information about you: the Internet address of the computer you are using, the type of browser and operating system you are using and the Internet address of the web site from which you came from. It also contains some connection information such as the page or service you are requesting and the date and time of the request.
This information is used for the sole purpose of statistical information gathering and demographics relating to the University web sites, and enables us to determine general visitor patterns and pathways within our pages. This statistical data is then fed back into future design and usability modifications made to the University web pages.
Personal Information
Submission Forms & Surveys
The University of Malta may also collect personal information supplied through the use of web-based forms and surveys. This information will not be supplied to any third party, and will only be used for subsequent communications, if indicated by you, the user, at the time of submission. In submitting your personal information online, you are agreeing that University staff may use your details for the sole purpose of conducting the business of the University.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website can put on your hard drive in order for it to remember something about you at a later time. The information is in the form of a text file, which will only be understood by the web site that initially set the cookie.
The University web site uses cookies for certain applications, e.g. to remember your name when filling in online forms. A cookie is also used to anonymously track how visitors interact with the University website, including where they came from and what they did. This is then used to ultimately provide a better online experience for all our audiences. You can stop your browser exchanging cookies with web servers at any time by changing the settings in your web browser.
Email
If you contact the University of Malta by email, we keep a record of that correspondence for the purpose of conducting University business. We do not add any email addresses of those who communicate with the University through email to any mailing databases, nor do we pass this to any third party.
Contact Numbers
The University of Malta may collect contact numbers through the use of web-based forms and surveys. In submitting your contact number/s online, you are agreeing that University staff may use your details solely for conducting the business of the University, and specifically for the purpose referred to on the web-based form or survey where the contact number/s are submitted.
The contact numbers will not be supplied to any third party, save in the circumstances where the University uses a service provider in order to supply the University alert service, in which event such third party shall be duly bound to keep such numbers confidential and use them only for the purpose of providing such service.
While the University alerts/messages that are sent to your contact number may also contain sponsored advertisements, the main content of such alerts/messages shall consist of University-related matters.
Payment Card Details
The University of Malta does not process card numbers, expiry dates and CVVs that are submitted to effect payments other than for processing of payment. Furthermore, the card numbers, expiry dates and CVVs are not being stored by the University of Malta but are encrypted and transmitted directly to the payment gateway.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The University reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Visitors are invited to consult this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to become aware of any changes. The date when this Policy was last updated is indicated at the end of this Policy.
Direct your queries about the Privacy Policy statement to the webmaster.
Data Protection Officer
The University of Malta has appointed Dr Romina Cuschieri as its Data Protection Officer (DPO). The DPO's role is to assist the University in complying with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation as well as with all other applicable privacy and data protection legislation.
For queries or to express any concerns relating to the University's processing of your personal data, kindly contact our DPO by email.
Download the Policy regarding the Protection of Personal Data in Email and Electronic Communications.
12 February 2020
+356 2340 2340
info@um.edu.mt
University of Malta, Msida MSD 2080, Malta
+356 2340 2340
info@um.edu.mt
University of Malta, Msida MSD 2080
Information about
L-Università ta' Malta (UM)
Study
Research
Academic entities
Services
Information for
Prospective students
Current students
Staff
Alumni
Quicklinks
Courses at UM
My UM app
Search for staff
Statutes, regulations and bye-laws
Work at UM
Privacy | Disclaimer | Accessibility | Freedom of information
© L-Università ta' Malta. All rights reserved. Reproduction/copying in whole or part is strictly prohibited.
https://www.um.edu.mt/privacy