http://www.leeds.ac.uk/termsandconditions
Skip to main content
You have javascript disabled in your browser. We recommend turning it on for a better experience on this site.
HomeAbout
Terms and conditions
In this Section:
About
OverviewTerm datesOverviewFacultiesOverviewHonorary graduatesOverviewJane Elizabeth FeatherstoneNorman Stanley WilliamsLubaina Himid Peter DhillonSir Michael PepperRichard HendersonSenior lay officers and the executiveOverviewMembers of the University CouncilGovernanceValues and responsibilityHeritageFacts and figuresGraduation ceremoniesOur income and how we spend itInformation for suppliersFind us
Term dates
Annual report and accounts
Campus map
Jobs
Alumni
Sustainability
More
Section downloads
University of Leeds Website Terms of Use, last updated 19 June 2018
1. Introduction
1.1
These terms and conditions of use (‘Terms’) refer to your use of the official website of the University of Leeds (‘University’, ‘our’, ‘we’, ‘us’) which is accessible via the URL http://www.leeds.ac.uk/ and all other websites either within the leeds.ac.uk domain or owned and/or operated and/or contributed to by the University of Leeds regardless of the domain (‘website(s)’) unless specifically excluded or modified by the terms and conditions on any specific website. By using, or contributing to, our websites you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by these Terms please stop using our websites immediately.
1.2
Where these Terms may be linked from websites other than those owned and/or operated by the University within which the University may publish content they must be read in conjunction with any terms of use published by those websites.
1.3
The University reserves the right to change these Terms at any time and will highlight this fact by a change in the date at the top of these Terms. You should review these Terms on a regular basis to ensure that you are aware of any changes made as you will be legally bound by any amended Terms if you continue to use our websites after the changes.
2. Disclaimer and limitation of liability
2.1
The University does try to ensure that all information on its websites is accurate. If you find inaccurate information please let us know by using the contact link at the bottom of the web page concerned.
2.2
The University gives no warranty or assurance about the content or reliability of its websites. As our websites are under constant development content may be out of date or incorrect and subject to change without notice. Websites are not guaranteed to be available, outages may occur. While the University endeavours to ensure that the content of its websites are accurate, we cannot accept liability for the accuracy of any content at any particular time.
2.3
The University endeavours to ensure that its computer infrastructure is error and virus free but does not warrant that any material available for downloading from its websites will be free of errors or malicious code.
2.4
Where our websites contain links to other sites or resources provided by third parties those links are provided for information only. The University has no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The University is not responsible for the privacy or security of any information you may send to such sites. You may be subject to applicable terms of use when you enter those sites.
2.5
In no event shall the University or any of its agents, employees and sub-contractors be liable to any party for any of the following losses or damages (whether such losses be foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): loss of data, loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of goodwill or injury to reputation, loss suffered by third parties, any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential loss or damages arising out of use of its websites or reliance on any material or services provided by the websites or accessed through them, whether or not amended by third parties and regardless of form of action.
2.6
Where we make available third party content we are a distributor and not a publisher of that content. Any opinions, advice, services, statements, or other information made available by us in this way are of those third parties and not of us. Unless otherwise stated by us we do not endorse nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on our websites.
2.7
Information on our websites is not intended to address your particular requirements. Such information does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by us and is not intended to be relied upon by you in any way.
2.8
Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude the University's liability for death or personal injury caused by the University's proven negligence or fraudulent misrepresentation.
3. Copyright and other intellectual property
3.1
Our websites contain copyright material, trade names and marks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photographs and graphics and other digital media (‘Content’). The Content is protected by copyright law, trademark law, database rights and other intellectual property rights.
3.2
Except where otherwise expressly stated on our websites, the University, its licensors, or authorised contributors own the copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content, as well as in the Content original to it. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any other way exploit, any of the Content, in whole or in part except as provided in these Terms or any licence relating to that Content or where expressly permitted under copyright law.
3.3
In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of Content, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made unless expressly permitted by the terms of the licence.
3.4
Where you download and use Content from our websites you acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading that Content except where this is explicitly granted by the licence. Where we may lodge Content on websites other than our own you agree that your access to and use of any such Content is at your risk governed by these Terms and also those terms and conditions set out by the website which you are accessing.
3.5
Where Content has been provided for the purposes of learning you may use that Content for your own academic research, study, learning and teaching purposes only.
4. Contributing to our websites
4.1
Where you are providing material (‘Contribution’) as a member of staff or a student of the University or otherwise employed by or contracted to the University to provide such a Contribution the University will generally own this content in accordance with the University’s Policy on Intellectual Property Rights (http://www.leeds.ac.uk/iprpolicy/). None of the Terms in this section below supersede any part of that Policy.
4.2
Where you are providing a Contribution in a role other than that covered in (4.1) you grant the University a perpetual, non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free licence to copy, reproduce, modify, publish, broadcast, transmit, display, perform, create derivative works from, translate, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your Contribution in any media for the full term of any rights that may exist in your Contribution.
4.3
In any event where you submit any Contribution to our websites:
You warrant that your Contribution:
is your own original work or you have a licence from the copyright owner(s) of the work granting the University use of the work on the terms of the foregoing licence granted by you
does not infringe or breach anyone else’s rights, which includes your having obtained sufficient rights (by written permission/licence or consents as appropriate) for the University to exercise the foregoing licence granted by you
from rights holders of third party copyright materials that you may have included in your Contribution in whole or in part, and
from all identifiable persons in any audio or visual media that you may have included in your Contribution including parental/legal guardian consent for those under 18 and for those who are vulnerable adults.
is not defamatory, libellous, obscene, menacing, threatening, offensive, abusive, fraudulent, criminal or in any way illegal;
is accessible;
does not advertise or market anything in any way other than where it is the University’s business to do so;
does not link to material which you know to contravene (iii);
You agree at all times to follow any specific rules of posting which may appear on our websites.
Save where covered under the Policy on Intellectual Property Rights you agree to indemnify and keep us indemnified on demand against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by us as a result of your breach of the above warranty.
Save where covered under the Policy on Intellectual Property Rights you agree to waive any moral rights in your Contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on our websites and all of the purposes specified above to the fullest extent permitted by law.
4.4
We reserve the right to identify you to other third parties as the author of your contribution.
4.5
You must not misuse our websites by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other malicious material or technology or by attacking our websites or their servers via denial-of-service attacks or other malicious activities. We reserve the right to report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and in such an event we will fully cooperate with such authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach your right to use our websites will cease immediately.
5. Trademarks and design rights
5.1
The names, designs, trademarks and logos used in and displayed on our websites are registered and unregistered trademarks and/or designs of the University of Leeds. You must not use these names, designs, trademarks or logos without prior permission. Please email any enquiries to trademarks@leeds.ac.uk
6. Junk mail statement
6.1
No e-mail addresses or other identifying information may be taken from our websites and used for the purposes of sending unsolicited communications (eg junk mail).
7. Removal of Content
7.1
We reserve the right to edit or remove any Contribution from our websites at any time and without notice and whether or not such a Contribution contravenes any of these Terms. However, we have no obligation to do so. Where a Contribution is removed we shall in no way be liable for any loss, liability, cost or expense suffered by you as a result.
7.2
Where we create links from our websites to any other website we shall have the right to remove these without notice. In the event that such a link is removed we shall in no way be liable for any loss, liability, cost or expense suffered by you as a result.
Notice and takedown procedure
7.3
We wish to ensure that all content made available via our websites is lawful. If you believe that any of our websites hold material for which you are rights holder and where you have not granted permission or permission is not automatic by way of national or international law please contact us by email to webcomms@leeds.ac.uk detailing your concerns. Please use the subject ‘Notice and takedown request’ and include the following information:
Your contact details
The complete and exact URL(s) where you found the material
Details of your objection
Proof that you are the rights holder or authorised representative of the rights holder of the material in question.
7.4
We may disable access to the material in question while we assess your objection. If the material was supplied to us by a third party we may need to contact them as part of our enquiries. We reserve the right not to disclose the details of authors.
8. Privacy and data protection
8.1
Your right to privacy is important to us. The ways in which your personal information may be used when you provide it to us is defined in the Privacy Notice associated with each of our websites which we own and/or operate that you may visit. Please review the relevant Privacy Notice which will be clearly marked on each of our websites. Our policy on Privacy Notices can be found at http://www.leeds.ac.uk/webprivacy
8.2
Should you find that any of our websites has no Privacy Notice or the Notice is invalid please email the URL of that website to the University's Data Protection Officer, David Wardle, d.wardle@adm.leeds.ac.uk
8.3
The University complies with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and Data Protection Act 1998. Our Code of Practice on Data Protection is available at http://www.leeds.ac.uk/dpa/
9. Usernames and passwords
9.1
You are solely responsible in all respects for all use of and for protecting the confidentiality of any access codes, username and password (‘access credentials’) that may be given to you or selected by you for use on our websites. You may not share these with or transfer them to any third party.
9.2
Where access credentials have been provided to you as a member of staff or a student of the University use of these is covered by the University’s Information Security Policies (http://it.leeds.ac.uk/info/113/policies_and_information_security).
9.3
You must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your access credentials or any other breach of security regarding our websites that comes to your attention. Please email itservicedesk@leeds.ac.uk
10. Linking to our websites
10.1
You may link to our websites provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
10.2
Our websites or any part thereof must not be framed on any other site without our permission.
10.3
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
10.4
Nothing in this agreement requires us to maintain the existence of, or the content within, any URL you may link to. The only permanent URL which we provide is www.leeds.ac.uk
11. General
11.1
These Terms form the whole agreement between you and us. You acknowledge that you have not entered into this agreement in reliance upon any warranty or representation made by us or any other person and you waive any rights to damages or rescission you may have for misrepresentation (other than fraudulent misrepresentation) that is not contained in this agreement.
11.2
Nothing in these Terms is intended to nor shall it confer any benefit on a third party whether under the Contracts (Right of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise. You may not assign or transfer your rights under these Terms of use without our prior written permission.
11.3
Our failure at any time to enforce any right we may have does not result in waiver of such right.
11.4
If any of these Terms of use should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any country in which these terms of use are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within that jurisdiction in which that term of use is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms of use and the remaining terms of use shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
11.5
The University does accept service by email to the University's legal adviser, a.slater@adm.leeds.ac.uk. Formal legal notices should be sent by post to:
Legal AdviserSecretariatUniversity of LeedsLeedsLS2 9JTUK
12. Governing law
12.1
These Terms and all questions of construction, interpretation, validity and performance under these Terms of use including non-contractual disputes or claims shall be governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
13. Further information and contacts
13.1
Further information on these Terms or your privacy can be obtained by contacting the Data Protection Officer:
Email: d.wardle@adm.leeds.ac.uk
Address: The Data Protection Officer, Secretariat, University of Leeds, Leeds LS2 9JT, UK.
13.2
The University's main contact details are:
Phone: 0113 2431751 (International: +44 113 2431751)
Address: University of Leeds, Leeds, LS2 9JT, United Kingdom
Company no. RC000658VAT no. GB613451470
There are additional terms and conditions for on-site work.
Back to the top