http://www.themisbar.com/privacy-policy
Themis is here to offer you the latest information about the February 2021 bar exam and changes due to COVID-19. Read More
MENU
Toggle the navigation
Themis Bar Review
Bar Review
LLM
MPRE
Law School
Pass Rates
Blog
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site, whether you take advantage of one of our free programs or purchase one of our bar review courses.
This Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Themis Bar Review LLC in connection with your use of the Themis website, your interactions with Themis during any in-person meetings or events, and your use of any of products or services offered by Themis.
This Privacy Policy explains the choices that you have in relation to these processing activities.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in June of 2018.
To comply with legal requirements or to meet changing business needs, this Privacy Policy may change over time.
If there is an important change that we want to highlight to you, we will also information your through another appropriate way (i.e. pop-up notice or statement of changes on our website).
As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” or “personal data” means information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual.
YOUR CONSENT.
By using our website or disclosing your information to us, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INFORMATION?
Unless an exception is identified, Themis is responsible for processing your personal information described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect and process the following information about you both online and offline.
Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you during in-person meetings, or at Themis events, conferences, workshops or gatherings.
Online information about you originates from your activities on our site, information provided by third party sources, such as data aggregators who many not have a relationship with you, and use of cookies and similar technologies.
Information that Themis may collect and process, either online or offline includes:
Name and physical address, email address, and telephone numbers;
Company and title;
School and graduation date;
Course enrollments;
Course usage, such as practice questions answered, written answers submitted, course progress, and performance data;
Bar passage;
Testimonials;
Transactional data, including products and services orders;
Credit card details;
Data from surveys and publicly available information, such as social media posts;
Unique IDs such as your mobile device identifier or cookie ID on your browser; and
If you communicate with us through email or via our online portal, we may retain the content of your messages together with your email address and our responses.
WHY AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may use personal information for the following purposes to:
Engage in transactions with you to process orders for Themis products or services;
Administer your course;
Communication and respond to requests and inquires to Themis;
Help us design or improve our products and services;
Communicate with you about your course progress;
Notify you about important information, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable;
Deliver functionality on our site and for its technical and functional management;
Analyze, develop, improve, and optimize the use, function and performance of our site and products and services;
Manage the security of our site, networks and systems; and
Comply with certain laws and regulations.
For any personal information collected about you in the EU, our basis for processing is the following:
In order to communicate adequately with you and to respond to your requests, we need to process information about you and therefore have a legitimate interest in processing this information;
In order to engage in transactions with customers and business partners, and to process purchases and downloads of our products and services, we need to process information about you as necessary to enter into or perform a contract with you;
We process personal information for marketing and sales activities based on your consent where so indicated on our sites at the time your personal information was collected, or further to our legitimate interest to market and promote our products and services;
We rely on our legitimate interest to analyze, develop, improve and optimize our sites, products and services, and to maintain the security of our sites, networks and systems; and
In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to process an opt-out request.
WHAT PERIOD DO WE RETAIN PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Themis maintains personal information for the following retention periods:
If you have registered for a Themis account, your account information will be retained for as long as you maintain an active account.
Your account and account information will be deleted if you do not log in for 24 consecutive months.
Themis retains records of that deletion for 90 days;
If you have registered for our newsletters or blogs, your subscription data will be retained for as long as you are subscribed or on our distribution list.
Themis retains records of that deletion for 90 days;
Contact information such as your email address or phone number collected online and offline during our interactions with you will be maintained for as long as we have an active relationship with you.
We treat you as having an active relationship if: (1) you have interacted with Themis or updated your contact details or preferences within the last 36 months and (2) you have not made a deletion request; and
In order to maintain accurate bar passage rate information for users of products or services of Themis, educational institution, course usage data and bar passage rates will be maintained indefinitely, unless you have made a deletion request.
After 36 months, this information will be anonymized and will not be associated with your name and physical address, email address, or telephone numbers.
WHEN AND HOW WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Sharing Within Themis
Themis employees and independent contractors hired to provide Themis products and services to you are only authorized to access personal information to the extent necessary to serve the applicable purpose and to perform their job functions.
Sharing With Third Parties
We may share personal information with the following third parties:
Anyone that you request or authorize us to share your information with;
•	Your employer, educational institution, professors, and product development partners on the basis that they have a legitimate business interest receiving such information to perform their job functions;
•	Third-party service providers (i.e. credit card processing services, order fulfilment, analytics, event/campaign management, website management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other similar service providers) in order for those service providers to perform business functions on behalf of Themis;
•	Relevant third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings);
•	As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes;
•	Relevant third parties if it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our contracts, policies, or procedures; and
•	Relevant third parties, if it reasonably necessary to do so such as credit agencies, collection agencies, merchant database agencies, law enforcement, litigation or to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Child Online Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information.
Your personal information may be shared if it is made anonymous and aggregated, as in such circumstances the information ceases to be personal data.
When third parties are given access to personal information, we will take appropriate contractual, technical and organizational measures designed to ensure that personal information is processed only to the extent that such processing is necessary, consistent with this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with applicable law.
We do not provide personal information to companies for the purpose of independent telemarketing, email marketing, or direct mail marketing of any products or services of those companies.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?
We maintain security standards and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, loss, misuse, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of confidential information about you. We update and test our technology to improve the protection of our information about you and to assure the integrity of our information.
While we strive to secure your information, we cannot warrant or guarantee that this information will be protected under all circumstances, including those beyond our reasonable control.
WHAT COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY DO WE USE ON OUR SITE?
We use cookies, tracking pixels, click-through URLs, and related technologies to recognize you and your device.
Cookies are small text files that contain a string or characters and uniquely identify a browser on a device connect to the Internet.
Any browser visiting our site will receive cookies from us.
Please visit our Cookies Policy to learn more about cookies, how to manage and remove cookies, and related use on our website.
Our website and email notices may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Themis Bar Review has no control over these sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.
WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES?
We provide multiple choices in respect of the information we process about you.
You have the choice exercise any of the following choices:
Opt-out of use of your personal information:
You may withdraw consent that you have previously provided for the processing of information about you;
Delete personal information:
You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of the information about you;
Change or correct personal information: You can edit some of the information about you by. You can also ask us to change, update or fix information about you in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate;
Object to, limit, or restrict use of personal information: You can ask us to stop using all or some of the information about you (for example, if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (for example, if the information about you is inaccurate); and
Right to access or have your personal information provided to you. You can also ask us for a copy of information about you and can ask for a copy of information about you provided in machine readable form if you reside in the EU or other country that provides you this right as a matter of law.
You can exercise these choices by contacting us at info@themisbar.com.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLED GLOBALLY?
Information collected within the European Economic Area ("EEA") may be transferred to countries outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this policy.
We utilize standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission, and obtain your consent to legitimize data transfers from the EEA to the United States and other countries.
DO WE COLLECT SENSITIVE INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?
You must be eighteen (18) years or older to access this website.
If you are under eighteen (18) years of age, you are not permitted to access this website for any reason.
Due to the age restriction for use of this website, no information obtained by this website falls within the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and is not monitored as doing so.
HOW TO CONTACT THEMIS IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact info@themisbar.com.
Written inquires may also be sent to the following:
Themis Bar Review, LLC
Privacy Officer
320 W. Ohio St.
Chicago, Illinois 60654