https://www.husson.edu/about/privacy-policy/index.html
Skip to Top Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Search
Admissions & Aid
Programs
Student Life
Athletics
About
Admissions & Aid
Visit
Alumni
Give
Schools & Colleges
College of Business
College of Health & Pharmacy
College of Science & Humanities
New England School of Communications
Division of Online and Extended Learning
Resources For
Families
Faculty & Staff
Directory
Calendar
News
Contact Us
Canvas
Bookstore
Library
My Husson
H
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 1, 2019
Husson University (“Husson,” "us" or "we") operates www.husson.edu (the "Website"). This page informs you of our Privacy Policy regarding the collection, use, protection and disclosure of information we receive from users of the Site.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By using or accessing the Website in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the policies and practices outlined in this Privacy Policy. Please also check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates, as it may change from time to time, and your using or accessing the Website after such changes occur is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
Information Collection and Use
Through the Website, we may collect several types of information from and about you, including personal information (“Personal Information”), such as your name, date of birth, physical address, email address, telephone number, sex, gender identity, ethnic background, country of citizenship, and education history, and information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Website, and details regarding your usage of the Website. You may also provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the Website; such contributions are posted on the Website and transmitted to others at your own risk.
We collect this information in several different ways, including directly from you when you provide it to us, such as by filling in forms on the Website or making search queries on the Website, and through the use of automatic data collection technologies. We use a third-party to process payments for some of the services we offer that we describe on the Website, and so we do not directly receive and store your payment information (including your credit card information), although we do have access to this information through our third-party provider.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of the Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your compute's hard drive or the storage mechanism within the device being used to view the site.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Website.
Google Analytics
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics (which uses cookies and other tracking technologies) which our server logs to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Website, compile reports on the Website’s activity, and provide maintenance and other services related to the Website’s activity and usage. Through Google Analytics and by reviewing our server logs, we may collect certain information about your computer and internet connection (including your IP address, operating system, and browser type) and details regarding your visits to the Website (including your browsing actions and patterns and any referring website or link).
We do not use Google Analytics to collect personally identifiable information, but may tie information that we gather using Google Analytics to your personally identifiable information. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies, which can be viewed by clicking here (“Welcome to the Google Privacy Policy”). To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here (“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”).
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
Husson may use the information collected about you through the Website, including any Personal Information, in several different ways, including to:
present, personalize, improve, and maintain the Website;
provide you with information, services, or products that you request from us;
respond to your comments and questions;
provide information and materials about our services and products, such as electronic newsletters and promotional emails;
gather aggregate information about the Website user base as a whole;
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; and/or
fulfill any other business purposes.
Husson may disclose without restriction aggregated information about visitors to the Website and information that does not identify any individual. Husson may disclose some or all of the information collected about you through the Website, including Personal Information:
to any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other affiliates;
to a buyer or other successor in the event that we are acquired, merge with another entity or sell portions of our assets;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties who provide support to Husson (including Google Analytics, display networks, and social networks; see above);
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Husson or others;
consistent with any other purposes disclosed by us when you provide the information; and/or
with your consent.
If you no longer wish to receive from Husson communications providing you with information regarding services and products offered by Husson, you can opt out at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the communication, calling us, or emailing us at huinfo@husson.edu.
Security
Although we take measures to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure. Any transmission of Personal Information to or using the Website is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page. It is our practice to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. You are responsible for checking this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on the Website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or would like to request a copy of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at huinfo@husson.edu.
Back to Top