http://www.a2software.com/legal
×
Warning
Cookies are used on this site to provide the best user experience. If you continue, we assume that you agree to receive cookies from this site. OK
Menu
Products
How to buy
Technical support
About us
Contact us
ACTIVATION CODE
Home/Legal notice
BASIC DATA PROTECTION INFORMATION
Controller
A2 Software
Cambrils S.L.
Purpose
To
attend the diverse requests submitted by the user.
Legitimation
Data subject’s consent.
Other companies in the group.
Recipients
Data processors inside or
outside the EU, under the
“PrivacyShield”
To access, rectify and erase data, as well as
other
Rights
rights, as explained in the additional
information
+info…
For further and detailed information on Data
Additional
Protection, please visit our
website:
information
www.a2software.net
2. Additional information
The present Data Protection Policy regulates the
processing of personal data provided by the User through the Internet website
(hereinafter, the "Website"). that A2 Software Cambrils S.L. makes
available to Internet users. This Policy is part of the Legal Notice accessible
at all times from the Website.
The User guarantees that the information provided
is true, accurate, complete and up to date, and is liable for any damage or
injury, direct or indirect, that may be caused as a result of the breach of
such obligation. In the event that the data provided belonged to a third party,
the User guarantees that he/she has informed the third party of the aspects
contained in this document and has obtained his/her authorization to provide
his/her data to A2 Software Cambrils S.L. for the purposes stated.
The Website may offer features for sharing content
through third-party applications, such as Facebook or Twitter. These
applications can collect and process information related to the user's
navigation on the different websites. Any personal information collected
through these applications may be used by third party users of these
applications, and their interactions are subject to the privacy policies of the
companies providing the applications.
The Website may host blogs,
forums, and other social networking applications or services in order to
facilitate the exchange of knowledge and content. Any personal information
provided by the user may be shared with other users of that service, about whom
A2 Software Cambrils S.L. has no control whatsoever.
In order to offer information or services of
interest depending on the location of the User, A2 Software Cambrils S.L. will
be able to access data related to the geolocation of the User's device, in
those cases in which the user's configuration for this purpose allows it.
For technical safety and system diagnostics
purposes, in an anonymized or aggregated form, A2 Software Cambrils S.L. will
be able to record the IP address (the Internet access identification number of
the device, which allows devices, systems and servers to recognize and
communicate with each other). Such information may also be used for web
performance analysis purposes.
2.1. Who is responsible for the processing of the
User's personal data?
Identity: A2 Software Cambrils S.L. and CIF
B43778695
Mailing Address: Paseo
Sant Joan Baptista La Salle 9, 1º 1ª 43850 Cambrils
(Tarragona)
Phone number: 977 36 95
05
E-mail address: a2@a2software.net
2.2.1. ¿What kind of data do we deal with about the
user?
A2
Software Cambrils S.L. deals with the following user data:
·
Identifying data
·
Electronic address
2.2. For what purpose do we process the User's personal
data?
A2 Software Cambrils S.L. treats the information
provided by the User in order to meet the various requests made by the User.
Depending on the nature of the application, the purpose will be to manage:
a.
Consultations and requests for
proposals (RFP) sent through the contact form provided for this purpose.
b.
Participation
in blogs, through comments, social networks.
c.
Communications through the Ethics
Line or Whistle-blowingHotline, (v) surveys.
d.
Electronic communications of an
informative nature, according to your interests.
A2 Software Cambrils S.L. may
draw up a commercial profile based on the information provided. No automated
decisions will be made based on that profile.
In the event that the User registers on the Website
through the social login, A2 Software Cambrils S.L. will only access the User's
personal data for which he/she has given his/her consent during the
configuration of the access to the social network in question. Any information
provided in connection with such social applications may be accessed by members
of the relevant social network, such interactions will be governed by the
privacy policies of the entities providing the services. A2 Software Cambrils
S.L. has no control over or responsibility for such entities or their use of
user information.
2.2.1.
Information about data processing for sending communications from A2 Software
Cambrils S.L.
The data used, or provided, in informative and/or
promotional communications are processed by A2 Software Cambrils S.L. for the
purpose of sending information and communications electronically on services,
activities, publications and events and on the professionals of A2 Software
Cambrils S.L. or the monitoring and optimisation of marketing campaigns carried
out using technologies for this purpose; and the preparation of profiles for
commercial purposes.
The consent in order to send such communications
may be revoked at any time in any moment in each of the communications received
through the mechanism provided for that purpose.
The criteria for storing the data will be based on
the statement contrary to the processing by you. In any case, you may exercise
your rights of access, rectification, limitation, erasure, portability and
opposition by sending your request to the postal address indicated above or by
e-mail to the following address a2@a2software.net.
2.3. How long will we keep the User's personal
data?
In general, the personal data provided will be kept
for the time necessary to comply with the User's request or for as long as the
User does not request its deletion. In the specific case of curricula, the data
will be kept for a maximum period of three years, unless otherwise indicated by
the interested party.
2.4. What is the legitimacy for the processing of
the User's personal data?
The legal
basis for the processing of the data is the legitimation by consent of the
User.2.5. To which addressees will the User's personal
data be communicated?
In those cases in which the User requests, through
the website, service proposals or CVs, his/her data will be provided to those
Spanish companies affiliated to the A2 Software Cambrils S.L. network.
In those cases where the User's
request so justifies, the identification data may be provided to other entities
affiliated to the A2 Software Cambrils S.L. network, including those located
outside the European Economic Area, for the sole purpose of meeting the request
linked to the country of destination.
Likewise, the data may be transferred to
administrations and public bodies for the fulfilment of obligations directly
due to A2 Software Cambrils S.L..
2.6. What are the User's rights when providing us
with his/her personal data?
The User has the right to obtain confirmation as to
whether A2 Software Cambrils S.L. processes personal data concerning him or
her, as well as to access his or her personal data, to request the
rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, to request their
deletion when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes
for which they were collected.
In certain circumstances, the User may request the
limitation of the processing of his/her data, in which case they will only be
kept for the exercise or defence of claims..
In certain circumstances and for reasons related to
his particular situation, the User may object to the processing of his data. A2
Software Cambrils S.L. shall cease the processing of the data, except for
compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defence of any possible
claims.
The User may raise the questions he or she
considers in relation to this Policy as well as exercise his or her rights
under the terms established by law by sending a letter by post to: A2 Software
Cambrils S.L., Paseo Sant Joan Baptista La Salle 9, 1º 1ª 43850 Cambrils
(Tarragona), or by e-mail to: a2@a2software.net indicating the corresponding
request and accompanied by a copy of the ID card or document proving identity.
A2 Software
Paseo Sant Joan Baptista La Salle 9, 1-143850 Cambrils (Tarragona)SPAIN
+34 977 369505
Monday - Friday
8:00 — 13:00 / 14:00 — 17:00
Contact us
Where are we
© 2020 - A2 Software Cambrils S.L. | Legal | Cookies