http://www.academyolmo.com/en/privacy-newsletter/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Navigation path
You are here:
Home > Privacy - Newsletter
Centro Culturale Academy Olmo will process the personal information you provide in this form in compliance with the GDPR and the Privacy Code.
By submitting this form you consent to the processing of personal data necessary for registration to our mailing list with the intention of receiving informative and/or commercial communications from us, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
By submitting this form you also consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of MailChimp, the software used for the automated management of this mailing list.
At any time you can withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data used in this mailing list, change the reception settings and/or unsubscribe through appropriate links that you will find in the emails you will receive. In addition, you can always exercise your rights regarding the processing of personal data by sending a request to info@academyolmo.com.
Newsletter Name:Surname:* La tua Email:* Do you consent to data processing?YesNo
Iscriviti
×
Privacy - Newsletter
Centro Culturale Academy Olmo will process the personal information you provide in this form in compliance with the GDPR and the Privacy Code.
By submitting this form you consent to the processing of personal data necessary for registration to our mailing list with the intention of receiving informative and/or commercial communications from us, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
By submitting this form you also consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of MailChimp, the software used for the automated management of this mailing list.
At any time you can withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data used in this mailing list, change the reception settings and/or unsubscribe through appropriate links that you will find in the emails you will receive. In addition, you can always exercise your rights regarding the processing of personal data by sending a request to info@academyolmo.com.
To consent to the processing of personal data you must first complete all the required fields.
Back
Take a few seconds to read.
I accept the conditions
I reject the conditions
This website uses technical cookies. Do you also want to consent to the use of third-party cookies for statistics and personalized content, as per our Privacy Policy? You can always change your mind later.
I consent
I decline