http://www.ironbridge.org.uk/legal/data-protection-cookies/
Privacy & Cookies - Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust
Menu
Buy Tickets online
Menu
Search for
Search
Search
Home
Explore
Explore the Ironbridge attractions
Attractions
Blists Hill Victorian Town
Jackfield Tile Museum
Coalbrookdale Museum of Iron
Museum of The Gorge
The Iron Bridge & Tollhouse
News & Events
Latest news
Events, Workshops & Activities
Plan
Plan your trip to Ironbridge
Ticket prices
Opening times
How to get here
Where to eat
Where to stay
Help & FAQs
Groups
Access Information
Visiting with dogs
Our story
The Ironbridge Story
Sector Support
Volunteering
Support us
World Heritage Site
The Iron Bridge
Timeline
Careers
2020 Ironbridge Floods
Friends of Ironbridge
Learning
Educational trips, workshops and more at Ironbridge...
Museum Collections
Venue Hire
Unique venues for weddings & corporate events
Corporate venues
Weddings at Ironbridge
Tickets
Buy tickets online
Buy attraction tickets
Buy tickets
We only sell our best value Annual Passports online. Single attraction tickets are available on the gate.
Family
(1 Adult + up to 4 children)
Family
(1 Adult + up to 4 children)
This ticket offers daytime admission to all of the open museums for a family of 1 adult + up to 4 children (aged 5-16 incl). Annual Passport Tickets are valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £50.00
Special Offer £45.00
Family Annual Pass
(2 Adults + up to 4 children)
Family Annual Pass
(2 Adults + up to 4 children)
This ticket offers daytime admission to all of the open museums for a family of 2 adults + up to 4 children (aged 5-16 incl). Annual Passport Tickets are valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £75.00
Special Offer £65.00
Adult
Adult
Daytime admission to all of the open museums valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £27.50
Special Offer £20.00
Child/Student
Child/Student
Daytime admission to all of the open museums valid for 12 months from the date of first use for children aged 5-16 (incl), or people in full time education.
Regular price £17.50
Special Offer £12.00
Buy tickets
Home
Legal
Data Protection & Cookies
We take your Data Privacy very seriously and want to make sure you understand how and why we use your Personal Data.
We hope the following drop-down tabs will explain everything you need to know, but if you have any questions or concerns, please call the Data Protection Officer on 01952 435 900 or email data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
Data Privacy Statement
In line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust takes your privacy very seriously and will ensure that your Personal Data is kept safe and secure. Below we have laid out how we obtain, store and use your personal information.
Firstly here is a quick summary of what you need to know
We are The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust Limited
We don’t share your personal information with any third parties for their own marketing purposes
When purchasing tickets we collect basic information, such as name, email address, home address and when you visit we record when and where you visited. If you have expressed interest in supporting our work as a charity, we keep your contact details, information about your areas of interest and the donations you have made
If you have signed up for a specific initiative such as the West Midlands Museums Development, we process your contact details, attendance at events and areas of interest. If you have made a booking for a school, group, conference, wedding or other event we will keep all the details relating to that booking
We use this information to administer tickets, and donations, keep you informed, analysis which museums you have visited, conduct market research, administer projects and make arrangements for your events or visits
If you have given us your permission we will send you emails about all aspects of our work, including events, offers, museum developments, fundraising campaigns and industry news
We employ companies to help us send you emails and letters and to analyse our visitors’ characteristics in order to help make our marketing more efficient.  We also use companies to run our IT systems and websites. Whilst we pass on your details to these companies, they only use your information for our purposes and they never share it with anyone else. These companies are called Processors and will also respect your data and keep it safe
We have systems in place to ensure that your information is safe in our hands
You can withdraw your consent at any time, update your details or ask us to provide you with all the information we hold on you. To do this just email data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk or call 01952 435 900 and ask for Marketing.
And here is our Full Data Privacy Statement
Who are we?
We are the Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust Limited, the charitable organisation that runs the ten museums in the Ironbridge Gorge, including Blists Hill Victorian Town, Enginuity, Coalport China Museum, Jackfield Tile Museum, Tar Tunnel, Darby Houses, Museum of The Gorge, The Iron Bridge Tollhouse, Coalbrookdale Museum of Iron and Broseley Pipeworks. We have a sister company The Ironbridge Gorge Trading Company.
Our charity number is 503717-R and our company number is 918560.
You can contact us during office hours on 01952 435 900 asking for the Marketing Department or email data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
Why are we allowed to process your Personal Data?
We are allowed to process your Personal Data if we have a contract with, for example if you have purchased a ticket, made a booking for an event, school or group visit or purchased membership from us. Likewise if you are a supplier we have a contract with you so we can process your Personal Data
You may have consented for us to process your Personal Data for Fundraising
You have consented for us to send you marketing materials
What Personal Data do we collect?
When you buy a new Annual Passport Ticket at some of our museums, we will ask you for your name, address and email address, so we can register your ticket on our electronic database system. This helps us track your ticket if you lose it and also lets us know when it is due for renewal so we can send you a reminder
When you visit some of our museums the staff scan your ticket, this records the date and time of your arrival. This helps us monitor visitor patterns and informs us what events you have been to, so we can tell you about similar events.
If you have Gift Aided your donation, we collect your name and address and that you are a UK Tax payer. We share this data with HMRC to process your Gift Aid Declaration.
Donations made to the Trust are also recorded and we keep a record of donors’, name, address, donation history including information about what appeals they have donated to and what areas of the museum they are interested in supporting.
We keep very detailed staff and volunteer records, including next of kin, health conditions, bank details, training and employment history.  A seperate Staff Privacy Statement is available
We process the Personal Data of people who have booked group and school visits, conferences, wedding and other functions, workshops and other activities.  This includes name, contact details and all the information about their booking.
We keep trading records of all our suppliers along with their contact details and in some instances their bank details.
CCTV
We collect CCTV image across our museums for the purposes of crime detection and prevention, the safety and security of our staff, volunteers, visitors and collections.
If you have any questions about our use of CCTV please email data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk or call 01952 435 900
What do we use the information for?
If you have given us permission to email you, we use this information to send you details about different museum events and activities that you might be interested in and reminders about museums that you have not yet visited and when your ticket is due for renewal.
We will also send you details about our charitable work of education and heritage conservation and associated fundraising campaigns.
We record which aspects of our work we think you will be interested in, so we can send you relevant information and details of different fundraising campaigns.
We analyse your visiting history and send you specific emails about activities that we think will be of interest to you based on your past visits
Your contact information is used to register and administer your ticket and helps identify the owner of a ticket if it is lost or stolen.
We analyse our visitor profiles to help inform our marketing campaigns.
We keep staff and volunteer records for administrative and welfare reasons
CCTV images are used for crime prevention and detection.
Who do we share this information with?
We do not sell, rent or share your Personal Data with any third parties for their marketing purposes.
If you have Gift Aided your donation, we share your detail with HMRC so we can claim the Gift Aid back.
We share your Personal Data with other companies who are working under our direct control to help us perform specific tasks. These are called Processors.
They only use your data for our specified purpose and do not share it with anyone else. We promise that they will keep your Personal Data safe and secure.
We will only share your Personal Data with Processors outside of the EU, if adequate safeguards are in place to keep your Personal Data Safe
They include
Campaign Monitor who send emails to all our database on our behalf. Their servers are based in the USA and we have ensured that they have safeguards in place to keep your Personal Data Safe.  When they do this we gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our newsletter
Companies who send letters to our database on our behalf
Different research companies who analyse our database for us and provide market research information to help inform our activities
Payment providers who process your payment for all online sales. Please note that you provide them with your financial information and at no stage do we have access to this information
Companies that operate our IT systems and website.
We stress that all of the above will only use your Personal Data for our purposes, they will not use it for any other reason or share it with any other organisations.
We will share your personal details with a relevant authority if required to do so by law
Your rights
You are entitled to see information we hold on you. Under GDPR this is called a Subject Access Request. You can ask for this information by any means, but we suggest that you call or email the Marketing Department on the contact details below.
You will also need to prove to us your identity, by supplying original or notarised photo ID. It is important that you prove your identity before we can send you any details.
We will respond within one calendar month
If you require this information, please call Marketing on 01952435900 or email data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
You can ask us to stop writing to you at any time, please email your request to data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
You can ask us to update your records at any time, please email your request to data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
We will also consider a request from you to stop processing your Personal Data, however we may decide that it is essential for us to keep processing your data. If you want us to stop processing your data, please write to us explaining why by emailing data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
Should you wish to complain or discuss the way that we are handling your Personal Data, please contact data.protection@ironbridge.org.uk
You can also seek further advice from the Information Commissioners Office ICO, details can be found at https://ico.org.uk/
We review this policy on a regular basis. It was last reviewed May 2018
Cookies
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and improve performance. This policy explains what cookies are, which cookies we use and how you can manage cookies on your computer or device.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device when you visit a website.  Cookies serve many different purposes such as keeping track of what you have in your shopping basket and allowing us to monitor visits to this website for analytic purposes.
What cookies do we use?
Cookie
Description
Duration
Type
_gat_UA-12790423-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics. It is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
1 minute
Performance
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected includes the number visitors, the source and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
1 day
Analytics
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the sites analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
2 years
Analytics
ARRAffinity
This cookie is set by websites that run on Windows Azure cloud platform.
Necessary
MUID
Used by Microsoft as a unique identifier. The cookie is set by embedded Microsoft scripts. The purpose of this cookie is to synchronize the ID across many different Microsoft domains to enable user tracking.
1 year
Advertisement
_fbp
This cookie is set by Facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising after visiting this website.
2 months
Advertisement
Fr
The cookie is set by Facebook to show relevant advertisements to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. The cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.
2 months
Advertisement
pxrc
The purpose of the cookie is to identify a visitor to serve relevant advertisement.
1 month
Advertisement
Rmuid
Icts
visid_incap_2044824
Third party marketing cookies.
11 months
Advertisement
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
GTSASP.NET_SessionId
Used by our ticket selling platform to facilitate transactions.
Necessary
Cookies set by other websites through this site
In addition to cookies used by the Ironbridge Gorge Museum trust you may receive cookies from third parties when viewing embedded content on our website.
Cookie
Cookie Purpose
Google Maps
These cookies are set by Google when viewing a page with an embedded Google Map on it. We have no control over these. For more information visit http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
YouTube
When a YouTube video is embedded on one of our webpages these cookies are set by YouTube. We have no control over these. For more information visit http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Managing Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to control how your device uses cookies. Either by enabling or disabling cookies or deleting cookies already stored. Please refer to your browsers online help files for instructions on how to manage cookies in this way.
To opt out of Google Analytic cookies across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Consent
Having provided a description of which cookies we use and what purpose they serve alongside methods for controlling these, it is understood you (the user) has the necessary information to decide how you wish to continue to use our website.  Continued use of the website is accepted as your consent to our usage of cookies.
If you do not consent to our use of cookies you can continue to use the site with cookies disabled, but some features may not work correctly.
Follow us online:
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Trip Advisor
Support
Contact us
Careers
Filming & Location Hire
Legal
Privacy & Cookies
Ticket Terms & Conditions
Shop Terms & Conditions
Special Event Terms & Conditions
Extras
Green Museum
Charity Requests
Investors in People
The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust is a registered educational charity Ref No. 503717-R. The Ironbridge Gorge is a World Heritage Site.
©2020
The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust. Website by Semantic.