http://www.bowiestate.edu/about/privacy-statement.php
Skip to the content
COVID-19 Updates
BSU is open. An initial plan to return to campus in the fall 2020 semester is now
available.
Get Updates
Submenu
AboutAt a GlanceHistoryNewsEvents CalendarBulldog PrideAdministration & GovernanceSustainabilityOffices & ServicesConsumer InformationAccreditationAccessibilityPrivacy StatementCommunity & BusinessDigital Millennium Copyright Act at BSUBSU FoundationHome›About›Privacy Statement
Bowie State University is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information.
This privacy statement primarily applies to the ways Bowie State University (“BSU”) collects and manages both personally identifiable and non personally-identifiable information for users of its official university website. BSU does not create personal records unless the need for information is clearly established. Such records must be relevant to the purposes for which they are collected, be accurate and current, and not be obtained by fraudulent means.
While links to third-party websites may be provided on the official university website, those links are provided for convenience and do not signify the University’s control or sponsorship of such sites. While the University is committed to working with reputable third party web providers who maintain views similar to the University regarding privacy, the University encourages all users to review the privacy policy of each unofficial website (e.g., webpage maintained by faculty member, Athletics Department, etc.), third-party website, and third-party vendor.
Student Information
BSU collects and retains pertinent information, including “education records” as defined under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99) (“FERPA”), for both prospective and enrolled students. The purpose of collecting and retaining these records is to further the University’s mission to “be an important higher education access portal for qualified persons from diverse academic and socioeconomic backgrounds who seek a high quality and affordable public comprehensive university.” Students’ education records are protected and not disclosed to third parties unless the student consents to the disclosure or a FERPA exception applies.
Data Collection Forms
BSU’s website allows users to do things like request information, opt in to receive messages/updates, register for events, purchase goods, and complete various tasks. To do so, BSU uses electronic forms which collect necessary information, such as first and last name, address, phone number, and email address. This information is provided voluntarily and can be inspected and updated at a user’s request.
Cookies
BSU uses various user-tracking technologies, including cookies, which allow it to collect and analyze user data. Information collected in this way includes how often a user visits a site, where users enter the site (e.g., by clicking on an advertisement or link on another web page), and what actions users take while on BSU’s websites. BSU utilizes this aggregate- and user-level site data to benchmark performance of websites and inform marketing strategies.
Individual web browsers provide instructions on rejecting or deleting cookies. Please note some website pages and applications may not function properly if cookies are rejected or deleted.
Advertising
BSU uses display advertising on other websites and search engines which measure performance and user behavior as it relates to those ads. Third parties, such as Google, Facebook, and YouTube, show BSU ads to various audiences. These third parties then provide data to BSU which helps it evaluate performance and assess user interactions before, during, and after visiting a BSU website. To do so, BSU places tags or pixels on its websites to capture information and inform interest-based advertising.
Security
Protecting personal information is our priority. BSU takes appropriate and necessary actions to safeguard user information and personal records. It employs reasonable practices to help prevent the loss or misuse of data.
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
Beginning May 25, 2018, the European Union (“EU”) will enforce data protection legislation known as GDPR, which requires BSU to protect the personal data of EU residents. Protected personal data includes IP address, email address, and other device identifiers. BSU is committed to processing personal data in compliance with GDPR.
Privacy Updates
This statement has been updated as of June 5, 2018. Additional updates will be added to this page. BSU reserves the right to revise this statement at any time.
Questions
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Statement or would like to contact a BSU representative regarding privacy or your personal information, please contact 301-860-4321 .
©