https://www.k12usa.com/company-pages/k12usa-privacy-policy/
Who We Are & Mission
Meet The Team
Our Clients
Testimonials
Referral-Rewards Program
FAQs
How to Link to Us
CIPA & E-Rate Info…
Privacy Policy
K12USACOMPANYPrivacy Policy
K12USA Privacy Policy—in Plain English
Have you ever tried to read the privacy policy of other web service providers on the Internet?
Usually they’re a mile long and filled with language only a lawyer could love. And hidden in there might be the secret clause that gives the service provider carte blanche to do whatever it wants with your data.
Well, here at K12USA, we’re extremely sensitive to privacy issues and never abuse the information provided to us. We also prefer to keep things simple—so here’s our gobbledygook-free privacy policy:
When you set up your K12USA subscription, we request the names and email addresses of staff that will be using the services. This information is never shared with outside advertisers, third parties, or anyone—ever. We use it only to communicate occasional K12USA announcements to service users.
We collect basic contact information (name, title, school, email, and phone number) when you request product info, a free demo, or a free trial via our Google AdWords pages. We never rent, share, or sell your data to third parties.
Our web servers gather anonymous statistical information, such as browser types and operating systems, so we can get a general idea of what kind of software is used to access our services. By analyzing this data, we’re able to improve our services by keeping pace with what our customers are using. And that’s all we do with it.
You’ll notice our website is free of advertising. That’s because we charge a fair price for a great service that requires no subsidy from advertisers. Therefore, no third-party cookies from outside advertisers will be tracking your movements while you use our services. If it makes you feel better, go ahead and enable your ad blockers and tracking blockers (but we promise, there’s nothing to block!).
California Privacy Rights
California law requires that we tell you how we respond to a Do Not Track signal. Because there is no consensus yet on how to properly respond to Do Not Track signals, we do not currently respond to a Do Not Track signal.
California law also requires that we tell you whether outside parties may collect personally identifiable information about your activities on our website. We use Google Analytics to gather statistical information on how users navigate our public website. We do not share with Google any information that would readily identify you. Google may have access to information about your device, such as IP or MAC address. We have no control over how Google uses this information.
You can read more about California Privacy Laws here: https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws
EU General Data Protection Regulation
Our servers are located in the United States.
K12USA does not own, control or direct the use of any client data stored or processed by a client or their users on our services. K12USA is not acting in the capacity of data controller in terms of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). K12USA should be considered only as a processor on behalf of its clients and their users as to any client data containing personal data that is subject to the requirements of the GDPR.
We respect the privacy rights of our clients and provide them with reasonable access to the personal data that they may have provided by signing up for and using our services. Any clients that wish to access or amend any personal data we hold about you, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained, may contact us here.
This provision does not apply to personal data that is part of client data. In this case, the management of the client data is subject to the client’s own policies, and any request for access, correction or deletion should be made to the client responsible for the uploading and storage of that data into our services.
You can read more about the EU General Data Protection Regulation here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
This policy’s effective date is January 1, 1999. It was updated on June 15, 2018 to reflect California and GDPR data privacy regulations.
The current version of this policy, and any updates, will always be available at this page.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
SummaryService Type
K12USA Privacy Policy
Area
USA
DescriptionWe take our customers' privacy seriously. The K12USA Privacy Policy is short, simple, and to the point, without all the nonsensical legalese commonly found in such documents. No hidden “gotchas.”
CONTACT US
Phone: 1-877-225-0100 (toll-free) or 732-929-1485
Fax: 732-359-1522
Email: support@K12USA.com
Mail:
K12USA.com
24 Highland Bend
Island Heights, NJ 08732
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
K12USA.com ©1999-2018
PRODUCTS
COMPANY
PRESS
BLOG
GET QUOTE
PRIVACY
SITE MAP