http://www.simon.rochester.edu/news-and-media/news/privacy-policy/index.aspx
Simon Programs
Full-Time MBA
Full-Time MS in Finance
Full-Time MS in Accountancy
Full-Time MS in Marketing Analytics
Full-Time MS in Business Analytics
Executive MBA
Professional MBA
Medical Management
Undergraduate Business Program
PhD
Quicklinks
About Simon
All Programs
Faculty & Research
Career Management
Registrar
News & Media
Contact
Information for:
New Students
Current Students
Alumni
Recruiters & Companies
Search
Common Search Words
- Registrar
- Faculty Directory
About
Message from the Dean
The Simon Community
Meet Simon Alumni
About the University of Rochester
About Rochester
Maps and Directions
Vision & Mission
Photo & Video Gallery
News & Media
Rankings
History
Partnerships
Military at Simon
Diversity at Simon
Women at Simon
Centers for Excellence
Programs
Full-Time MBA Program
Scholarships
Admissions
Undergraduate Business Program
PhD Program
Full-Time MS Programs
Finance
Accountancy
Marketing Analytics
Business Analytics
Executive MBA and Part-Time Programs
Executive MBA
Professional MBA
Medical Management
Compare Part-Time Programs
Faculty & Research
Faculty Directory & Bios
Academic Areas of Research
Journals
Conferences
Faculty Recruitment
Career Management
Career Management Center
Our Approach
Employers
Placement Results
Information For Recruiters
Class Profiles
Contact Us
Recruiting Calendar
Annual Conference
Recruiting Opportunities
Alumni
Contact
Full-Time MBA
Undergraduate Business Program
PhD Program
Full-Time MS
Finance
Accountancy
Marketing Analytics
Business Analytics
Executive MBA and Part-Time Programs
Executive MBA
Professional MBA
Medical Management
Apply
Privacy Policy
University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business is committed to providing its users with an Internet experience that respects and protects their personal privacy choices and concerns. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website: www.simon.rochester.edu.
Outbound Links
This site contains links to other sites. University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. For more information regarding other outbound links, please refer to our Disclaimer Policy.
Traffic Data Collected
When you use our site, we collect anonymous information. Anonymous information is information about how you use our site (such as places visited and searches performed). Anonymous information also includes the domain names and/or IP addresses of browsers that visit our site, time of day the site was visited, and other non-personally identifiable information. Anonymous information is information that is not tied to any individual, but helps to characterize users to improve our services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Personal Information Collected
Our site uses an order form for users to request certain services. We collect a visitor's contact information (such as an e-mail address) and financial information (such as an account or credit card numbers). This information is used to provide services that are available at University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business.
This contact information is also used to get in touch with the user when necessary if, for example, we have a question about a request. We may use the contact information to send the user additional information about University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business.
The personally identifiable information we collect is not used for any purposes other than providing requested services and disseminating information. It is not disclosed to anyone other than University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business, unless we must do so to comply with a court order or other legal process.
Security
This site has measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information on secure portions of this site. Information is stored on secure servers. Access to change or edit content/information is restricted to those authorized by University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business to do so.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you may contact:
University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business Marketing Department (marketing@simon.rochester.edu)
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time to add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
The University of Rochester’s Simon School of Business maintains this web site as a public service.
Due to the nature of the University’s diversity in teaching, research and patient care, a multitude of web authors publish information on this site. The servers automatically log the IP address of every visitor to these web pages. As a general rule, most sites do not collect cookies.
Inheritance of University Policy
The Simon Business School capitulates to the policies of the University of Rochesrer. Please take additional notice of the following policies related to the Information Technology and GDPR:
Information Technology Policy
https://tech.rochester.edu/policies/information-technology-policy/#privacy
GDPR Resources
https://tech.rochester.edu/gdpr-resources/z
1/28/2013
Revision on 10/1/2020
REI
Simon Business School
Contact
Apply
Give to Simon
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Legal
University of Rochester
University of Rochester
Maps
Giving
Online Directory
University of Rochester
Simon Business School
245 Gleason Hall
Rochester
,
NY
14627
United States