http://www.seattleu.edu/policies/website-terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Skip to main content
Skip to site navigation
Skip to contact information
Skip to Apply, Request Info, Jobs, Contact links
Winter 2021 & COVID-19 INFORMATION
Complete your daily
Safe Start Health Check screening.
Policies
SU Home
PoliciesWebsite Terms and Conditions of Use
PoliciesToggle site navigation menu
Privacy StatementWebsite Terms and Conditions of UseNondiscrimination PolicyCopyright PolicyTobacco FreeDigital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)Faculty Guide To Course-Pack ProductionFrequently Asked QuestionsGuidelines Relating To Classroom Copying For Non-Profit Educational UseRaffles Policy and Resources
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Last Update: July 1, 2014
1. Acceptance of Terms.  These Website Terms and Conditions of Use, as updated from time to time by Seattle University ("SU"), apply to this website which is published by a SU education, research, or service area (internal or external to SU) ("website"). You should carefully read these Website Terms and Conditions of Use before using the website. You can review the most current version of the Website Terms and Conditions of Use at any time at www.seattleu.edu/policies/terms/. This is a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree with these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, you are not authorized to use this website.
2. Access to Password-Protected Areas.  Access to certain portions of this website ("Password-Protected Areas") may require login and password information. You must have this information in order to access these areas.
3. Online Privacy Statement.  The use of your personally identifiable and non-personal information will be governed by the SU Online Privacy Statement found at www.seattleu.edu/policies/privacy/. Your use of this website indicates that you have read and agree to the SU Online Privacy Statement.
4. Prohibited Behavior.  You are responsible for your behavior in your use of this website and for respecting SU's and third parties' (person or entity) rights in connection with the website and its content.
You may not use this website for any purpose or in any manner that violates any local, state, or federal law or regulation or the law or regulation of any foreign government.
You may not violate SU's or third parties' rights via downloading, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise using this website.
You may not use this website to post or send any infringing, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, or pornographic material.
You may not use or exploit any portion of this website to distribute commercial messages, "spam," or other unsolicited communications.
You may not directly or indirectly, intentionally disrupt or interfere with this website in any manner that may materially adversely affect SU or any third party.
You may not take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on SU's network infrastructure, as determined by SU in its sole discretion.
You may not bypass any measures SU may use to prevent or restrict access to this website.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties.  The use of this website is solely at your own risk. This website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. SU expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to this website whether express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. SU expressly disclaims any responsibility for the actions of any other user of this website. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. SU makes no warranty that this website will meet your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, accurate, complete or error-free or that the results that may be obtained by use of the site will be accurate or reliable. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the site is to cease to use this website. You may have other rights which may vary from state to state.
6. Exclusions and Limitation of Liability. You expressly understand and agree that SU shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data loss, or other losses (even if advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from any matter related to your use of this website.
7. Intellectual Property.  This website and its contents are owned by SU or third parties and are protected by law, including but not limited to copyright and trademark law. Certain content, such as copyrighted materials and trademarks, are used by permission of third parties. Except as allowed by law (such as fair use) or as expressly permitted in connection with specific content, this website and its contents may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, displayed, performed, or used in any way without the prior written permission of SU or the third-party owner.
8. Reporting Copyright Violations.  Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), SU has a DMCA Designated Agent for notice of alleged DMCA copyright infringement.  SU's DMCA Designated Agent is the Vice President and University Counsel.  You may contact SU's DMCA Designated Agent at the following email address: marypete@seattleu.edu. For more information, please visit the Seattle University Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy.
9. Links.  This website may include links to other websites. You acknowledge and agree that such links are provided for your convenience and do not reflect any endorsement by SU with respect to the linked site or its provider. SU makes no representations or warranties with respect to any linked website: Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
10. Jurisdiction and Venue.  This agreement and the relationship between you and SU will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that venue with respect to any dispute between you and SU will rest exclusively in the state or federal courts located in King County, Washington.
11. Changes.  From time to time, SU may change this website and/or the Website Terms and Conditions of Use. If a change to these Website Terms and Conditions of Use is made, SU will post the revised Website Terms and Conditions of Use on this website. SU reserves the right to add to or change this website or cease offering this website at any time and without liability. SU reserves the right to refuse to offer access to this website and/or its content to anyone at any time without notice.
12. Miscellaneous.  These Website Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and SU relating to this website. There is no agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between any user and SU arising solely through the use of this website. These Website Terms and Conditions of Use are binding upon your successors, assigns, heirs and executors. If any provision of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of SU to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition. Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the website or these Website Terms and Conditions of Use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose. The section titles of these website Website Terms and Conditions of Use of Use are merely for convenience and will not have any effect on the substantive meaning of this agreement.
13. Your Responsibility.  The Internet is a valuable tool for SU's education, research, or service areas. SU encourages you to be mindful of the intent and purpose of its websites and be responsible for safeguarding your personally identifiable information.
Children.
If under the age of 18: Some internet sites may ask you to share information about yourself. Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to SU, be sure to ask your parents for permission.
If under the age of 13: If you are under the age of 13, your parent/legal guardian will need to verify that they permit you to disclose personally identifiable information via the respective SU website.
Parents/Legal Guardians. SU encourages you take an active role in your children's use of the internet by talking with them about safe and responsible computing before sending any information about themselves over the internet.
Children Under the Age of 13: If your child is under the age of 13, SU requests that you review the website and follow requested verification procedures before permitting your child to submit personally identifiable information.
14. Termination.  SU may block, suspend, or terminate your use of the website at any time for any reason.  Reasons SU might do so include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) your breach of this agreement; (b) SU is unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) SU believes that your actions could cause financial loss or legal liability to SU or other users of this website; (d) routine network maintenance affecting all users; or (e) your use of this website or service in a manner that violates the law or SU policies.
15. Contact Information.  If you have questions about these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, you should contact the SU education, research, or service area (internal or external to SU) which publishes the website. Many websites will have a contact link.
Related Policies
Data Privacy Policy
Computer Acceptable Use Policy
Seattle University Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy
© Seattle University