http://www.engr.uiuc.edu/academics/professional/short-courses/info-and-policies
HomeAcademicsProfessional ProgramsShort Courses
Short Course Information and Policies
Grainger Engineering's Short Courses are intended to offer opportunities to learn, grow, and improve professionally.  All Short Courses are delivered in-person, and each course is limited to 25-30 attendees per instructor, unless otherwise noted. Participants are responsible for reading and understanding the course description and the information and policies listed below prior to registering.
Accessibility and Accommodations
If you will need disability-related accommodations in order to participate in a Short Course, please email us at ProfEngEd@illinois.edu. Early requests are strongly encouraged to allow sufficient time for meeting your access needs.
Course Credit & Documentation
Participants may apply for Continuing Education Units or Professional Development Hours from the University of Illinois at the time of registration. A Continuing  Education Unit (CEU) is nationally recognized unit of measure for continuing education and training.  One CEU is awarded for each 10 contact hours of instruction or study.  A Professional Development Hour (PDH) is defined as one contact hour of instruction, presentation or study.  The maximum CEU value can be found at the top of each course description. The final number granted will be determined on the final day of class. Attendees must attend the full course to be granted CEUs or PDHs.  All participants who attend at least 80% of the course will receive a Certificate of Completion on the final day of the course.
Documentation will be provided to the attendee only.  Employers seeking verification of attendance should contact the attendee(s) directly.
Short courses are not eligible for academic credit, and individuals who register for short courses are not formally admitted to the University of Illinois as degree or non-degree students.
Payment Options
Payment may be made online via credit card at the time of registration or via check after registration.  Payment is due 30 days prior to the first day of each course, unless otherwise stated. If registration occurs fewer than 30 days prior to the first day of the course, payment is due immediately.  Registration is not confirmed until payment is received.
Accepted Credit Cards:  Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover are accepted.
Checks should be made payable to the University of Illinois and mailed to the address below. Please reference title of the short course to avoid processing delays.
Business Services CenterThe Grainger College of EngineeringAttn: Cathy Manns Re: Short Courses 1240 Digital Computer Laboratory, MC-2791304 West Springfield Ave.Urbana, IL 61801 USA
C-FOAP
University of Illinois Employees should pay via C-FOAP. Contact Keri Carter Pipkins at kcp@illinois.edu for more information.
Travel, Lodging, & Parking
Most Short Courses and Professional Education programs are offered in Chicago and Urbana-Champaign.
Chicago Area programs likely will be held at 200 S. Wacker Drive in Chicago,  two blocks away at 20 North Upper Wacker Drive, or in Rosemont, IL.  General travel information can be found at the links below.
Illini Center, 200 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago
TechNexus, 20 N Upper Wacker Dr #1200, Chicago
Big Ten Conference Center, 5440 Park Place, Rosemont
Urbana-Champaign area programs will be held on our near the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign campus.  General travel information is provided by the The Parking Department. Also, please visit the MCORE Project website prior to visiting campus for for the latest updates regarding road closures and detours.
Travel, lodging, and parking information will be included with registration materials for each program. The University of Illinois is not responsible for parking fees or for any tickets and/or towing expenses.
Cancellations & Refunds
Cancellation requests must be received 30 days prior to the first day of the course to receive a full refund, less a $50 processing fee. Cancellations requests made fewer than 30 days in advance are not eligible for a refund, but registrants are welcome to request a substitution or transfer. See substitution and transfer policies below for more information. Registrants who fail to show up for class forfeit their registration fee. No refunds or partial refunds will be issued for attendees who arrive later or leave early.
The Grainger College of Engineering reserves the right to cancel Short Courses due to low enrollment, instructor emergency, or other similar reasons. Registration fees will be refunded or registrants can request to apply their registration fees to a future course. Course cancellation announcements are made as early as possible. The University of Illinois is not responsible for travel expenses.
Substitutions & Transfers
In the event a registrant is not able to attend, another individual may attend in their place. Substitutions are allowed at no charge up to 7 days prior to the first day of the course. A $50 service fee will be charged for substitution requests made within 7 days of the first day of the course. All substitution requests must be approved prior to the first day of the course in order to ensure access for the attendee.
Registrants may request to transfer to a different course prior to the start date of the original course. Requests will be handled on a case-by-case basis and are not guaranteed. Transfer fees may apply for requests made within 3 weeks days of the original course.
If the new course fee is less than the original course fee, no refund will be issued. If the new course fee is more than the original course, the difference will be due 30 days prior to the first day of the new course.
Course Fees & Discounts
Course fees range from $800-$1500 per person per day of instruction. Alumni of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign are eligible for a 10% discount. Industry Partner and Group Discounts are also available for most courses.
Attendee Expectations & Privacy
Short Courses are intended to actively engage professional learners.  As such, attendees are expected to be on time and present for the duration of the course, avoid disrupting fellow learners, and respect other attendees’ privacy and contact preferences.
Attendees are responsible for reviewing course descriptions and should have the prerequisite knowledge and/or experiences indicated in the course description.
All intellectual property is owned by the instructor and/or the University of Illinois. Reproduction, translation, alteration, redistribution, or resale of course materials is strictly prohibited.
No audio or video recording of any course is allowed without permission of both the instructor for the course and the Associate Director for External Workforce Development.
The University of Illinois reserves the right to use photos taken during seminar activities for promotional and educational purposes.
A PDF version of these policies is available for download.
Just-in-time learning packaged for maximal impact
Grainger Engineering's Short Courses for Professionals focus on applications of advanced technical topics, developed and delivered by leading experts across multiple areas of unique expertise.  These small, in-person programs are structured to optimize engagement, discussion, and hands-on learning.
Short courses are open-enrollment and limited to a maximum of 25-30 participants.  New courses are rolled out throughout the year, with offerings in Chicago and Urbana.  Attendees may earn Continuing Education Units (CEUs) or Professional Development Hours (PDHs).