http://www.mtmary.edu/about/fast-facts/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Notice of Disclaimers
HEOA Student Consumer Information
Fast Facts
Sexual Harassment & Misconduct
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
For purposes of this policy, Mount Mary University (“University”) is hereby defined to include Mount Mary University, its departments, programs, employees, agents, sponsors and individual trustees.
University is committed to protecting the privacy of all who access its website. As such, University will collect and store only information about its website visitors which is necessary for its internal use or operations. University intends that information about its website visitors not be shared, sold, exchanged, distributed or otherwise utilized in any manner which compromises the privacy of its users. The only exception to the abovementioned guarantee is information that University is required by law to release.
Information Provided Automatically
Said information includes data tracked as a result of exploring University’s website, commonly referred to as “cookies,” and includes (but is not limited to) such information as the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, and the address of the visitor’s website. This information is collected for University’s internal use only as a means of gathering statistical data and improving University’s webpage and processes.
Information Provided Voluntarily
Likewise, said information also includes data gathered as a result of voluntary transactions or interactions with University’s website, and includes (but is not limited to) such information as event registration data, on-line purchase records, surveys and visitor requests for information University intends that all information voluntarily provided shall be used solely for the stated purpose of its submission.
FERPA Compliance
University is in compliance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords students certain rights with respect to their education records. For more details about these rights, refer to the full Annual Notification to Students available in the academic bulletins.
External Links
University’s privacy policy does not apply upon leaving University’s website via any means, including (but not limited to) links posted on University’s website. University assumes no responsibility for the privacy policies or content of, and does not endorse or recommend, other websites made reference to within, or linked to, University’s website.
GDPR Compliance
Mount Mary University does not have any establishment or other business location within the European Union.
In partnership with our third-party company, we are committed to having available the following materials for individuals that may wish to act consistent with the GDPR:
Mount Mary University shall make available the following, upon appropriate written request to: Mount Mary UniversityATTN: Marketing and Communications2900 North Menomonee River ParkwayMilwaukee, Wisconsin 53222-4597
An accounting of our third-party company’s processing activities and data categories related to personal data of a data subject
Documentation of our third-party company’s data security protocols
Documentation of our third-party company’s data security breach notification protocols
Documentation of our third-party company’s protocols to facilitate a data subject’s rights regarding his or her personal data that is within the custody of our third-party company
Documentation attesting to the activities of all third party organizations that conduct data processing for Mount Mary University
Documentation identifying the individual who will serve as data protection officer, when appropriate
Our admissions team is here to help
The best way to get started is to get in touch. We’ll answer your questions, help you explore programs and walk you through the admissions and financial aid process.
Request Information
Apply now
Schedule a visit
Contact us