http://www.rightreasontech.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers…
This privacy policy covers the information we collect on this marketing website, http://rightreasontech.com .  It does NOT cover our Data Privacy policy for our educational software platforms.  Those platforms are governed by federal and state data security laws and policies and contractual requirements with our clients.  Right Reason Technologies complies with all applicable laws and policies regarding Data Privacy with our clients.  For more information on our software platforms’ Data Privacy policies please contact us at (877) 778-8277 or email us at info@rightreasontech.com.
Privacy Policy Of Right Reason Technologies
At Right Reason Technologies, we respect your rights. We understand that your personal information is just that, your personal information. We will do our best to keep your information confidential. Below is a description of exactly how we will use information you provide to us.
Contacting Us
Right Reason Technologies
3864 Adler Place, Suite 200
Bethlehem, PA 18017
1-877-778-8277
http://www.rightreasontech.com
info@rightreasontech.com
Dispute Resolution
Disputes will be handled by applicable law. Applicable law will act as dictated by law.
General Privacy Policy
Data Collection
Data is used for security logging and audit purposes as well as to analyze how visitors navigate the website.
We may collect the following information:
Clickstream Data: This includes the user's IP address, the date of the request, and the resource requested.
HTTP Data: This include the HTTP request made by the user.
Client Events: This include the way in which the user interacted with the website's resources.
Search Text: This includes the search terms entered by the user.
First and Last Name: First and last name are collected to allow communication with users.
Company Information: Company information (company name, department, job title) are collected to better understand your organization's needs.
Home/Business Address/Phone Number/Email: Contact information is collected to allow requested contact from Right Reason Technologies.
We collect this data for the following reasons:
Completion and Support of Activity For Which Data Was Provided: Information may be used by the service provider to complete the activity for which it was provided, whether a one-time activity such as returning the results from a Web search, forwarding an email message, or placing an order; or a recurring activity such as providing a subscription service, or allowing access to an online address book or electronic wallet.
Web Site and System Administration: Information may be used for the technical support of the Web site and its computer system. This would include processing computer account information, information used in the course of securing and maintaining the site, and verification of Web site activity by the site or its agents.
Research and Development: Information may be used to enhance, evaluate, or otherwise review the site, service, product, or market. This does not include personal information used to tailor or modify the content to the specific individual nor information used to evaluate, target, profile or contact the individual.
Pseudonymous Decision: Information may be used to create or build a record of a particular individual or computer that is tied to a pseudonymous identifier, without tying identified data (such as name, address, phone number, or email address) to the record. This profile will be used to determine the habits, interests, or other characteristics of individuals to make a decision that directly affects that individual, but it will not be used to attempt to identify specific individuals. For example, a marketer may tailor or modify content displayed to the browser based on pages viewed during previous visits.
Contacting Visitors for Marketing of Services or Products: Information may be used to contact the individual, through a communications channel other than voice telephone, for the promotion of a product or service. This includes notifying visitors about updates to the Web site. This does not include a direct reply to a question or comment or customer service for a single transaction -- in those cases, would be used. In addition, this does not include marketing via customized Web content or banner advertisements embedded in sites the user is visiting -- these cases would be covered by the , and , or and purposes.
Contacting Visitors for Marketing of Services or Products Via Telephone: Information may be used to contact the individual via a voice telephone call for promotion of a product or service. This does not include a direct reply to a question or comment or customer service for a single transaction -- in those cases, would be used.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site uses cookies in order to provide data that is relevant to you and your organization.
Our Strategic Partners
Interested in charting a Path to Success for your district?
Learn More