http://www.phoenix.edu/copyright-legal/ccpa.html#donotsell
Skip to main content
Skip to Bottom
Skip to Chat, Email, Text
Home
California Consumer Privacy Act
Scroll for more
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) California Resident Data Subject Requests
To learn more about your individual rights under the CCPA as a California resident, please review our Privacy Policy.
Please select from the options below to submit a data subject request:
Data Access Request (Request to Know)
Data Access Request - I have a University account
Data Access Request - I do not have a University account
Data Access Request - I am an authorized third party
To review your financial transactions, or to request your academic or educational information under FERPA, please login to eCampus.
To review information submitted on your FAFSA, please login to FAFSA.
If you would prefer to submit your request by phone, you may call our toll-free number at 866-809-3444.
Deletion Request
Deletion Request - I have a University account
Deletion Request - I do not have a University account
Deletion Request - I am an authorized third party
Do Not Sell Request
Certain disclosures of Personal Information by us may constitute a “sale” under the CCPA, as explained below and further described in our Privacy Policy.
If you would like to opt out of third party advertising cookies and tags on our Sites, you can turn off Targeting cookies in our Preference Center.
If you are a California resident and a University student, as defined by FERPA, we may disclose certain Personal Information to third parties in order to receive certain services or benefits from them. You may submit an opt-out request for these types of disclosures here. If you are an authorized third party submitting a request on behalf of a California student, please click here.
Other Opt-Out Options
Unsubscribe from emails, mail and telephone calls.
Opt out of Adobe co-op.
Program Finder
Chat
866.766.0766
866.766.0766
Request Info
Apply now
close
Transcript: