http://www.thechefshouse.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Open Navigation
Students & Staff
Marketplace Menu
Close Navigation
View us on twitter-unauth
View us on instagram-unauth
Privacy PolicyThe Chefs’ House is committed to protecting our clients’ privacy.
We have taken necessary measures to ensure that we keep the information we gather from you secure and confidential. We make sure that every online communication meets our high standards of privacy and security.
We protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of your data.The Chefs’ House215 King Street EastToronto ON M5A 1J9416-415-2260chefshouse@georgebrown.caCentre for Hospitality & Culinary ArtsGeorge Brown College300 Adelaide Street EastToronto ON M5A 1N1CanadaLinksOur site includes links to other web sites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. The Chefs’ House is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.E-mail listThe Website allows you to provide us with your e-mail address in order that we may send you information and updates about activities and events at The Chefs’ House and George Brown College’s Centre for Hospitality & Culinary Arts. In order to administer the E-mail List we will collect your name, e-mail address, and geographical location for communication purposes.CookiesThe Chefs’ House uses re-marketing services (including, but not limited to, Google Ad Words) to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors of our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the given display networks. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to The Chefs’ House website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and the privacy policies of the service providers.It is important to note that no personal identifying information is gathered or transmitted with this cookie.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using their respective Ad Preferences pages. You can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.If we alter our privacy policy in any way we will post those changes here.  If you have questions, want more information or would like to provide us with suggestions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at 416.415.2260 or email us.How do we protect your personal information?The Website endeavours to maintain appropriate procedural and technological measures and storage facilities to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information. We exercise care in the secure transmission of your information, however no transmission of information over the internet is one hundred percent secure. We cannot guarantee that information disclosed through the internet cannot be intercepted by third parties. However, George Brown College takes all reasonable precautions available to protect any personal information that is provided to it through the Website including, disposal or destruction of this information.Contacting us about your privacyYou may request access to your personal information and information about our collection, use and disclosure of information by contacting us at privacy@georgebrown.ca. George Brown College attempts to keep records as accurate and complete as possible. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.This version of the Web Privacy Policy has been in effect since June 2009. This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time at our sole discretion and without any prior notice. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted here. Your continued use of this Website, subsequent to any changes to the Privacy Policy, will signify that you consent to George Brown College's collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this or any revised Privacy Policy.If you have any questions around Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy, you may contact our Freedom of Information & Privacy Coordinator at the following address: privacy@georgebrown.ca.