http://www.hertzfoundation.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
About Us
Our People
Our History
News
Events
Financial Information
Contact Us
Impact
Human Health
National Security
Energy
Space Exploration
Environment
Leadership
Our Fellows
Fellows Directory
Fellows Community
Awards
The Fellowship
About the Fellowship
Apply for the Fellowship
Frequently Asked Questions
Search
Give
Donate Online
Ways of Giving
Endowed and Named Fellowships
Why We Give
Molecules
The Hertz Foundation believes it is our responsibility to respect your privacy and protect your personal information when you engage with us online or in person.
We take this responsibility seriously, so we created this privacy policy to explain how we collect and use information from you and the steps we’ve taken to ensure your privacy. We may update our policy from time to time, so we encourage you to visit this webpage in the future to review any changes.
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
Donors
We will not sell, share, or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by the Hertz Foundation, both online and offline, on any platform ("platform" includes our website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Website
We collect information about our website visitors in order to enable certain functionality and to provide a more customized experience.
We will not sell, rent, or exchange this personal information with any other organization, except with vendors and other partners that help us with our activities and programs.
How We Collect Data
We never collect personal information unless you provide it to us, and we only use information you provide for its intended purpose. When you use our website to make a donation, sign up for an event, or subscribe to our email newsletter, we may ask you for your name, address, phone number, and other personal information relevant to the transaction. We will ask for basic credit card information when you make a donation.
We also automatically collect anonymous information about your visit using cookies, pixel tags, and other website customization technologies.
The information we collect may include your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer on the internet), your operating system, and browser; the date and time of your visit; the pages you visited; and demographic and interest data. You may disable cookies from being used in your browser if you do not want us to collect this information.
How We Use Data
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we may use the information in the normal course of implementing programs and activities. For example, we may add your information to our database and use it to provide you with information about our programs, request donations, and enhance your online experience. We may also share your information with our approved vendors and partners that support our programs. For example, we rely on vendors to help us fulfill certain orders,
manage our data, and process donations and credit card payments. We also disclose information when required by law.
We use automatically collected information to better understand how visitors use our website and to improve the online experience. For example, this information help us measure which parts of the website are the most popular and how long people are viewing a particular webpage. That enables us to organize and update our website content to best reflect the needs of our visitors.
Social Media
We use a variety of third-party social media websites to enhance our programs and activities. The use of third-party social media websites is governed by the security and privacy policy of those websites. You should review their privacy policies and ensure that you understand how your information may be used. If you have an account with a third-party website, and choose to follow, like, friend, or comment, certain personal information associated with your account may be made available to us based on that website's privacy policy and your privacy settings.
We currently use the following social media websites:
FacebookTwitterYouTubeVimeoLinkedInMailchimp