http://www.stchas.edu/privacy-statement
Recently Visited Pages
Take advantage of this at-a-glance look at the pages on the SCC website you most often visit. Use this as a tool to navigate quickly to info you need the most. Take it one step further and click the star in the top right corner to ensure your favorite pages remain on your list of Visited Pages.
Apply Now
Quick Links
mySCC Portal & Email
Canvas
IT Service Desk
Course Schedule & Description
Visit Campus
Campus Events
Library
Bookstore
Campus Directory
Giving to SCC
Annual Report
Visited Pages
Apply Now
Quick Links
mySCC Portal
Canvas
IT Service Desk
Course Schedule & Description
Visit Campus
Campus Events
Library
Bookstore
Campus Directory
Giving to SCC
Annual Report
Visited Pages
Home
Academics
Admissions & Financial Aid
Student Life
Community Resources
About SCC
HomeAcademicsAdmissions & Financial AidStudent LifeCommunity ResourcesAbout SCC
Academics
SCC where you want to be for where you want to go. Exciting majors that accelerate your success. Classes where everyone knows everyone's name. Stimulating courses led by inspiring instructors.
Academics
»
Majors, Degrees & Certificates»
Course Schedule & Descriptions»
Online & Hybrid Learning»
How to Register»
Academic Departments»
Academic Dates»
College Catalog»
Grades, Transcripts & Academic Records»
Credit Programs»
Workforce Training»
Library»
Academic Advising»
Career Services Center»
Admissions & Financial Aid
Invest in yourself. No trust fund is required. Value and versatility are hallmarks of an SCC education. You can rise to the challenge of higher education here without the fear of falling into a mound of debt.
Admissions & Financial Aid
»
What Kind of Student Are You?»
Take the First Step»
Test Preparation (HiSET, ACT, Math)»
Schedule a Visit»
Apply Online»
New Student Checklist»
How To Pay For Fall»
Special Admission Programs»
College Fairs»
Financial Aid»
Tuition & Payment»
Transfer Information»
FAQs»
Student Life
You may not live on campus, but our campus has plenty of life. The life you live outside the classroom is as important to your education as lectures, papers and projects. Get involved the choices are many!
Student Life
»
Student Services»
Arts & Entertainment»
Athletics»
Clubs & Organizations»
Health & Fitness»
Student Housing»
Campus Events»
Bookstore»
Volunteer Opportunities»
Campus Safety»
DACA Information»
Community Resources
At SCC there is a higher degree of community. You don't have to be a student to be a part of the college. We're as connected to our community as we are committed to our students. Hey, it's in our name.
Community Resources
»
Continuing Education»
Giving to SCC»
Vendors/Bids»
Alumni»
Community Use of Campus»
Reserve Campus Space»
About SCC
We're student-focused. St. Charles Community College puts students first. It's that simple, and it's why so many people find their fit at SCC. Take some time to learn about your community college.
About SCC
»
Fast Facts»
Campuses»
Campus Directory»
Success Stories»
Leadership»
Student Consumer Information»
Employment»
Healthy Campus»
News»
Publications»
Privacy Statement
Related Sections
Copyright
Board Policies
The college works under a set of policies set forth and approved by the elected Board of Trustees.
Learn More
»
Directory
Explore a full listing of our faculty and staff.
Directory
»
Tweet
St. Charles Community College’s Commitment to Privacy
St. Charles Community College (SCC) respects your privacy. We are providing this privacy statement to inform you about what information is collected when you visit www.stchas.edu and how that information is used. This privacy statement applies to the www.stchas.edu website.
Links to Other Sites
The www.stchas.edu website provides links to other websites. The privacy statements described here do NOT apply to any external sites hosted by SCC or others. Because we link to many sites that perform varied functions, some sites may adopt different privacy and security statements that reflect their functionality.  Read the privacy policies of other sites you visit. Be informed. You are the person best qualified to protect your own privacy.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit www.stchas.edu
Below is a list of items that may be collected from your computer when you visit www.stchas.edu. This list may not be comprehensive
Date/time – The date and time each page on the site was accessed
User/client host name – The host-name or IP address of the user/client requesting access
HTTP header, "user agent" – The user-agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which it is running
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) – The location of a resource on the server including Web pages, images and other files
HTTP header, "referrer" – The referrer specifies the page from which the user/client accessed the current page
Screen colors – Color processing ability of the user/client screen
Screen resolution –– The resolution or dimensions of the user/client screen
Service Provider – The Internet service provider of the user/client
Mobile device – If user/client is a mobile device, the manufacturer of the mobile device
Mobile carrier – If user/client is a mobile device, its Internet service provider
Bandwidth (Internet connection speed) – The speed of the user/client connection from their Internet service provider
Java support – If Java is enabled
Flash version – Which version of Adobe Flash is installed
Geographic data – Country, state, city, language preference of the user/client
Time on page – The time spent on a Web page
None of the items automatically collected constitute personal information as defined by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve SCC’s site content and to help SCC understand how users are interacting with www.stchas.edu. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users, as well as to enhance website functionality.
Third-Party Service Providers Used On www.stchas.edu
SCC uses third-party service providers to gather and analyze data, and to provide enhanced website functionality. These providers have their own privacy policies that are not necessarily the same as www.stchas.edu. If you are concerned about your privacy when you visit www.stchas.edu, you should read these third-party policies. Some of these providers are listed below, along with links to their respective privacy policies.
Google Analytics - google.com/policies/privacy/
Digsby - digsby.com/privacy.php
AddThis - addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
SCC employs Google’s remarketing technology to serve advertisements that promote enrollment at SCC to recent visitors on the site.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the SCC website. For example, like many websites, SCC uses "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses stchas.edu or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of stchas.edu on other websites. Cookies are unique identifiers that SCC transfers to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as SCC advertisements on other websites.
Users can opt out of Google’s and other third-party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting google.com/settings/ads or networkadvertising.org, respectively.
Obtaining Your Consent for Data Collection By using www.stchas.edu, you authorize collection of non-personally-identifiable information as specified above.
Disclosure of Personal Information Collected Through www.stchas.edu
The collection of information through www.stchas.edu and the disclosure of that information are in accordance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), also known as the Buckley Amendment. SCC will only collect personal information through www.stchas.edu or disclose personal information collected through www.stchas.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to SCC by the user constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by SCC for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to SCC.
SCC may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is:
necessary to perform the statutory duties of SCC, or necessary for SCC to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation;
made pursuant to a court order or by law;
for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or
of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through www.stchas.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
For security purposes and to maintain the availability of www.stchas.edu for all users, SCC employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to access, upload or change information or otherwise damage www.stchas.edu.  SCC may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to SCC’s information technology assets.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected Through www.stchas.edu
SCC is committed to protecting personal information collected through www.stchas.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, SCC limits employee access to personal information collected through www.stchas.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, SCC has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operations of www.stchas.edu as part of SCC’s continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
Personal Information Sharing Opt-Out
You are responsible for choosing whether to share information with us and/or any third-party. You may choose to “opt-out” of sharing personal information in several ways. When choosing to use certain features or services on www.stchas.edu, you may choose whether to share optional personal information in connection with the feature or service. You may also “opt-out” by not providing personal information while using www.stchas.edu.
Email
If you send us email, the message will usually contain your return e-mail address and other personal information. If you include personal information in your email, we may use that information in responding to your request. Email is not necessarily secure or confidential. Send only the information that is necessary for us to answer your question or process your request.
Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and SCC is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.  Your email address may be collected and used solely by SCC for marketing purposes. SCC will provide you with an option to opt-out of these emails.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance
SCC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an email will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Retention of Information Collected Through www.stchas.edu
The college’s record retention rules are in accordance with the Community College Records Manual provided by the Missouri Secretary of State. It can be accessed at sos.mo.gov/archives/localrecs/schedules/college.asp. In general, the Internet services logs of SCC, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of college services provided through www.stchas.edu, are archived for future reference.
Third-party service providers may have their own record retention standards. SCC is not responsible for retention of information collected by third-party service providers.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the user's browser on the hard drive of your computer. SCC and our third-party service providers use temporary and permanent cookies on www.stchas.edu.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through www.stchas.edu.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may change this privacy statement at any time at our sole discretion. Any updates to our privacy statement will be posted on this page, so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Continued use of www.stchas.edu following our posting of the change notice of an updated privacy statement will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
4601 Mid Rivers Mall Drive
Cottleville, MO 63376
636-922-8000
Apply Online
Visit Campus
Request Info
Campus Map
Proposition Community College
mySCC Portal
News
Campus Events
Library
Student of Concern Form
Employment
Giving to SCC
A–Z Index
FAQ
Diversity Information
Campus Police
Student Consumer Information
Accessibility
Brand Toolkit & Style Guide
© 2020 St. Charles Community College.   Privacy Statement   Copyright   Nondiscrimination/Title IX   Mission/Vision/Values
4601 Mid Rivers Mall DriveCofttleville, MO 63376
info_desk@stchas.edu636-922-8000
© 2019 St. Charles Community College.