https://www.heidelberg.edu/privacy-policy
We have prepared this Privacy Notice to explain how, why, and when we collect data from you to provide targeted advertising services for our audiences, and your rights in respect of this data.
How We Use the Data We Collect
We use this data to help our Advertisers identify and serve ads to you that are more relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services including enhancing the data points we or our Advertising Partners have about a particular user, browser, or device to serve the most relevant ads to you and, in turn, improve performance of an Advertiser’s ad campaigns. Specifically, we use this data for:
Targeting: Selecting ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on the interests previously associated with your device and the time of day you may be most interested in viewing these specific ads. For example, we may show you ads for your favorite shopping site (or similar sites we think you may like) during lunch or commute hours.
Frequency capping: Making sure that you don't see the same ad too many times.
Sequencing: If you are being served a sequence of ads, making sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Cross-device matching: Identifying different devices that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us NOT show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of being targeted in the above “cross-device” and “cross-channel” ways by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in the “Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads” section below.
Attribution: Monitoring when, where, and at what price we served certain ads on behalf of an Advertiser so that we can measure our influence on the marketing results of the Advertiser’s campaigns and overall marketing strategy. For example, being able to measure if a certain ad campaign (the ads shown and to whom they were shown) actually sold more soccer balls for ACME Soccer Ball Co.
Reporting: Providing Advertisers insights into how their ads are performing and gain insights into their customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as impressions, clicks, and conversions (however the Advertiser may define a “conversion” such as, for example, a sale or a white paper download, or a correlation to an actual or inferred sale, site visit or store visit). This data allows an Advertiser to determine if an ad is not performing well (customers are not clicking on it), so that the Advertiser will be able to see that data and update the ad (perhaps with a better deal!). With respect to specific cookie data, we limit reporting to cookie activity on the specific Advertiser’s website and which ads were shown, whether there was engagement with those ads.
Licensing Data: We may license any of the information we receive, create or collect to our Clients or other third parties. For instance, as mentioned in the “What Data We Collect” section, when we receive an email address from a third party or derive an email address, we may license that to our Clients.
Conducting Our Corporate Operations. As to information we collect in our corporate capacity – our own B2B lists of customers and prospective customers – we use that information to conduct our business operations and communications. Please see our Website Privacy Notice to learn more about how we use that information.
Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads (sometimes called “interest-based ads”) you receive and how we use your data.
Opting-out of this type of advertising through the below methods will not prevent you from seeing ads, but those ads will likely be less relevant because they will not be tailored to your interests. The ads might, for instance, be randomly generated or based on the web page you are visiting.
Web browser: You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads (including retargeted ads) served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking here. Please note that this “opt-out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie”, thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again. If you use a Safari browser, please also see directions regarding our cookie-less technology opt-out, below.
Cross Device Opt- Out: In some cases we may link multiple browsers or devices to you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in some conditions, there could be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out: To opt-out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting; and
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”.
Industry Opt-Out Tools and Self-Regulation:
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt-out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAAC website here.
Finally, we also adhere to the European Interactive Advertising Digital Alliance (EDAA) guidelines for online advertising and you may opt-out via their ”Your Online Choices” website here.
Note to Safari Users. When you opt-out on a browser, we, other advertising platforms, and other third parties, generally place a cookie on your browser instructing us not to use your other online behaviors to customize the ads you see. However, if you are using a Safari browser, opt-out cookies that are set for purposes of restricting this type of advertising may be deleted prior to their intended expiration date; we have no control over these browser controls or cookie deletions.
Do Not Track Disclosure: Some internet browsers allow users to send a "Do Not Track" signal to websites they visit. We do not respond to this signal at the present time.
Reminder to Users Residing in a European Territory: If you are located in a European Territory you will also have additional data protection rights. These are described under the "Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your Rights” section below.
Data Retention
CRM Data: We are processors of CRM data that we hold on behalf of an Advertiser, such as email address lists. We retain this CRM Data until the Advertiser asks us to delete this data.
Mobile Identifiers and Cookie Identifiers: Cookie identifiers we collect expire (and are then deleted) 13 months from the last time your device accessed a Digital Property using our technology. If you visit another Digital Property that uses our technology inside that 13-month expiry period, then the expiry period will be reset and measured from that date instead. The expiration period for mobile identifiers is controlled by the end-user on their own device.
Personal Data Associated with Mobile and Cookie Identifiers Related to Browsing History: We delete personal data associated with mobile and cookie identifiers after 12 months. For example, data such as an Advertiser’s website you visited or ads that you may have clicked.
Personal Data Associated with Real Time Bids: Data logged for a particular submitted bid or a received real time bid request (including cookie identifiers, mobile identifiers, the advertisable bid on, and the advertisable won or displayed to the end-user) are deleted after 30 days.
Personal Data Associated with the Display of an Advertisable: Data logged for the display of an advertisable (including cookie identifiers, the advertisable won or displayed to the end user as well as data indicated whether an end user clicked on the particular advertisable displayed) are deleted after 12 months.
Upcoming Events
previous
next
Dec11
7:00 PM
Sweet Alma "Home for the Holidays"
Jan19
6:00 PM
History through the Lens of Race Alumni Town Hall
Jan27
9:30 AM
HYPE Day: Briana Scurry
Feb15
12:00 AM
Day of Giving
Feb23
9:30 AM
HYPE Day: Kal Penn
Mar25
9:30 AM
HYPE Day: Roxana Saberi
Apr08
6:30 PM
PALS Dinner and Keynote: Vernice "FlyGirl" Armour
Apr22
7:30 PM
Heathers: The Musical
Apr23
7:30 PM
Heathers: The Musical
Apr24
7:30 PM
Heathers: The Musical
Apr25
2:00 PM
Heathers: The Musical
Campus Calendar
Recent News at Heidelberg
Annual WSU International Dinner bridges cultures
November 20
Read More
Board extends President Huntington’s contract
November 13
Read More
More Campus News
Close mobile menu
Enter Search TermSearch
About+President's Office
History & Mission
Fast Facts & Stats
Campus Map & Directions
Offices & Resources
Arts, Culture, & Events
Tiffin
Academics+Programs of Study
Academic Opportunities
Research & Centers
Resources & Support
Graduate Programs
Faculty Directory
Four-Year Graduation Guarantee
Admission & Aid+Undergraduate Admission
Graduate Admission
Non-Traditional Students
International Students
Admitted Students
Financial Aid
Meet the Staff
Schedule a Visit
Student Life+Residence Life
Dining Options
Student Groups
Diversity & Inclusion
HYPE Career Ready®
Health & Safety
Religious Life
Service Learning
Athletics
Alumni
Visit
Request Info
Events
News
Directory
Give
Parents
Login
COVID-19 Information
Apply Now