http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/privacy.html
About
Home
About
News
History
Alumni
Contact us
Research
Overview
Interactive blackboard
Electronic structure
Collective phenomena
Biological and soft matter
Mind–matter unification
Collaborations
All Publications
Highlights
People
Principal investigators  and Staff
Post-Doctoral Fellows
Research Students
Visitors
Events
Overview
Seminars
BSDG
CPGM
ESDG
MLDG
Journal club
Teaching
Join us
Postdoc Fellows
Postgraduate
Visitors & Interns
Impact
Publications
Theses
Connectivity
Industry
Software
Outreach
Intranet
Privacy Policy
In common with most web sites, this site automatically logs
information about every request made of it.
This information is used
for system administration, for bug tracking, and for producing usage
statistics. The logged information may be kept indefinitely, but is
likely to be purged automatically after a period of time.
Relevant subsets of these data may be passed to computer security teams
as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site or
other computing equipment in the University. Data may also on occasion
be passed to the administrators of other computer systems to enable
investigation of problems accessing this site or of system
misconfigurations. Otherwise the logged information is not passed to
any third party except if required by law. Summary statistics may be
extracted from these data and some of these may be made publicly
available, but those that are do not include information from which
individuals could be identified.
The data collected are merely a subset of the data freely supplied
by those connecting to this site. This site does not attempt to gather
data in an active fashion.
JavaScript
This website uses (very limited) JavaScript to create an interactive experience. As far as possible the website has been created to be usable with JavaScript disabled however some content and visual aesthetic may be lost. This JavaScript does not send any non-generic information to the server and hence does not constitute a privacy risk.
Google Analytics
Further to this some personal pages hosted on this website use Google Analytics to monitor web traffic. Google Analytics uses only 1st party cookies and does not collect personally identifiable information. The information gathered will not be passed on to third parties except if required by law. The use of Google Analytics is therefore not considered a privacy risk. If you do not wish Google Analytics to gather this information please disable cookies in your browser before viewing a TCM member's personal webpages or refrain from viewing those pages.
For more information see:
Google Analytics privacy policy.
Raven
Access to the internal areas of the site is controlled using Raven. Raven uses some cookies for authentication purposes. You need only be concerned about this if you are accessing the internal areas
For more information see:
Raven privacy policy.
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the 'Data
Controller' for the processing of data collected by this site is the
University of Cambridge, and the point of contact for subject access
requests is the University Data Protection Officer (10 Peas Hill,
Cambridge, CB2 3PN).
TCM Group, 19 JJ Thomson Ave, Cambridge, CB3 0HE, UK
Privacy policy
Design by Drs Biggins & Conduit