http://www.wycliffecollege.ca/privacy
Skip to main content
Announcement
Coronavirus/COVID-19 Response
Coronavirus/COVID-19 Response:  Read information and updates
Study 2020-21
Study 2020-21
It will be a year unlike any that has gone before, but our commitment at Wycliffe College is to provide a safe, supportive, and spiritually formative Christian learning community at the heart of the University of Toronto.
Faculty & Staff
Faculty & Staff
The faculty and staff at Wycliffe College create an inclusive community environment that fosters your academic and spiritual growth.
Core Faculty
Adjunct Faculty
Staff Directory
Faculty Spotlight
Programs & Courses
Programs & Courses
We pride ourselves on providing high-quality, rigorous spiritual education. Our programs & courses will challenge you to grow intellectually and spiritually, and to develop a meaningful life.
Academic Programs
Course Listing/Search
Auditing Courses
Courses
Distance Learning
Academic Policies
Admissions & Finance
Admissions & Finance
We understand the financial obligation that comes with higher education and are proud to offer the most affordable and valuable return for your investment.
Admissions
Financial Aid
International Students
Tuition Fees
Visiting Students
Auditing Courses
Wycliffe Residence
Life at Wycliffe
You'll find a diverse and passionate community at Wycliffe. We do life together. And since we're in the heart of Toronto, there's a lot to do.
Join Livestream Worship
Wycliffe Community
Living in Toronto
Residence
Photo Gallery
Search
Search
More Links >>
Search
Search
About Us
About Us
Learn more about Wycliffe's history & mission along with accreditation information, news, events, media & more!
History
Mission & Values
Wycliffe Blog
News Releases
News & Media
Toronto School of Theology
University of Toronto
Events
Board of Trustees
Accreditation
Accessibility Services
Careers
The Wycliffe Archives
The Word @ Wycliffe E-News
Merchandise
Insight Magazine
Mini Annual Report
Wycliffe Strategic Plan 2019-2025
Archival Documents
Coronavirus Response
Current Students
CURRENT STUDENTS
Find everything you need to make your year go smoothly at Wycliffe.
Join Livestream Worship
Wycliffe Academic Calendar
Course Listing/Search
Documents and Forms
Student Handbooks
Student Governance
Registrar's Office
Libraries
Academic Primer for Success
Biblical Research Tools
Thesis Guidelines
Current Student Spotlight
Graduate Student Spotlight
Wycliffe Graduate Society
The Morning Star
Online/Remote Students
Policies & Statements
Alumni
ALUMNI
Connect with friends, classmates & faculty through the Wycliffe College Alumni Association
Alumni Resources
Alumni Spotlight
Update Graduate Record
Update Personal Details
Alumni Awards
Transcript Request
Events and Ministries
Events and Ministries
Wycliffe College seeks to create and strengthen bridges between the college and the church community, coordinating events and ministries that encourage Christians in their daily lives, ministries, and ongoing spiritual development.
Advent
Boundaries and Bridges
Christian Foundations
Podcasts
Preaching Day
Religion and Society
The Institute of Evangelism
Theology Pub Night
Toronto Children's Ministry Conference 2020
Wycliffe Book Club
Wycliffe Centre for Scripture and Theology: Colloquium
Contact Us
Contact Us
Take time to visit or connect with us! We're happy to answer any questions about our school and our city!
Contact Wycliffe
Staff Directory
Faculty Directory
Directions & Parking
Request for Information
Facility Rental
Transcript Information
Sign Up for e-news
Give to Wycliffe
Give to Wycliffe
Your generous gifts provide Wycliffe students with the opportunity to experience the tradition of academic and spiritual excellence that was established by our founders so many years ago.
Give Now
Why Give?
Ways to Give
Home
Current Students
CURRENT STUDENTS
Find everything you need to make your year go smoothly at Wycliffe.
Join Livestream Worship
Wycliffe Academic Calendar
Course Listing/Search
Documents and Forms
Student Handbooks
Student Governance
Registrar's Office
Libraries
Academic Primer for Success
Biblical Research Tools
Thesis Guidelines
Current Student Spotlight
Graduate Student Spotlight
Wycliffe Graduate Society
The Morning Star
Online/Remote Students
Policies & Statements
Policies & Statements
Wycliffe College Privacy Statement
Wycliffe College Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
The Wycliffe College website (www.wycliffecollege.ca) exists to provide members of the College community and the general public with information and online services. At Wycliffe College, we are committed to protecting the privacy of those who use our website, and as such, we have adopted the following policy with regard to the collection, use, and dissemination of personal information that may be requested or required of those who visit and otherwise use the site. Personal information is information that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual.
Collection of Personal Information
Wycliffe College will not collect or store the personal information of those who visit our website, unless they voluntarily provide such information to us (by filling out an online form, for example).
Wycliffe College will only gather such personal information as required to fulfill certain educational, administrative development, student life, and statistical purposes, and will treat such information as confidential. Web forms that request personal and/or sensitive information (such as credit card details) will be built on a secure, encrypted platform.
Wycliffe College will consistently use password protocols and encryption software to protect personal and other information, for example, when we receive a donation, or when course payment is made online.
Wycliffe College will explain the reason(s) for collecting personal information when such information is collected.
Protection and Use of Personal information
Wycliffe College will carefully protect, use, maintain, disclose, and dispose of the personal information it collects, and will do so in accordance with applicable legislation, policies, agreements, and best practices. We will make every reasonable effort to keep such information up-to-date.
Wycliffe College will permit access to personal information only by authorized personnel and based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained.
Wycliffe College will ensure safeguards are in place to protect the personal information from being disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered.
Wycliffe College will not sell, trade, rent or otherwise disclose to any third party any such information for commercial purposes. Wycliffe College may disclose the information to College employees, consultants, and others who have a legitimate need to know the information (for such purposes as the application process, for example).
Wycliffe College will, upon request, provide those from whom we have gathered personal information, with the information that we retain about them.
Collection of Non-Personal Information
The following are examples of the kinds of non-personal information that may be automatically collected from those who visit the Wycliffe College website to view or download information:
the domain name from which they access the Internet
the date, time, and duration of their visit
the page(s) they visit
their computing platform
This data is used in the aggregate for analyzing website traffic, administering the website and providing information about the usefulness of the Wycliffe College website. We may also collect tracking information through the use of cookies, which place certain identifying information on the visitor’s computer to facilitate their future access, and for marketing purposes.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Personal information collected on this website will only be disclosed to authorized third parties involved in delivering the services for which the information was collected. As a user of third party services, we are subject to the privacy policies established by the third party provider.
Wycliffe College reserves the right to disclose collected information under special circumstances, such as in connection with judicial proceedings or if, in the sole discretion of the College, disclosure is necessary to protect the interests of Wycliffe College.
Links to Other Sites
The Wycliffe College website contains links to a number of independently run, external websites, the management, content, and privacy practices of which are beyond our control. Wycliffe College will not be held responsible for the management, privacy practices, or content of these websites.
Security
Wycliffe College will employ security measures to protect against the misuse, alteration or loss of information associated with the College website. However, due to the nature of the Internet, there is no guarantee that any data transmitted can be completely secured. Therefore, any data is submitted at the sole risk of those who visit or otherwise use the Wycliffe College website.
Questions, concerns or complaints relating to the College’s privacy policy on the treatment of personal information should be emailed to: communications@wycliffecollege.ca
Download the Privacy Statement >>
Visit Wycliffe
Request Information
Apply to Wycliffe
Live in Residence
Give to Wycliffe