https://www.masterbooks.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Menu
ApologeticsScientificTheologyReferenceCreationAstronomyBiologyChemistryDinosaursEvolutionGeologyNoah's Ark/FloodPhysicsYoung EarthHomeschoolGrade LevelPreschoolKindergarten1st Grade2nd Grade3rd Grade4th Grade5th Grade6th Grade7th Grade8th Grade9th Grade10th Grade11th Grade12th GradeSubjectMathLanguage ArtsHistory & GeographyScienceElectivesResourcesCreate-a-BundleParenting ResourcesKidsClearanceFAQSupport
Account
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by New Leaf Publishing Group, Inc. (NLPG), which includes Master Books and New Leaf Press. This privacy policy sets out how Master Books uses and protects any information that you give Master Books when you use this website. Master Books is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used. As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
What information we collect
Generally, you may browse the website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website, such as when making a purchase. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features. This information typically includes:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
We receive and store any personally identifiable information you enter on the website, whenever you shop with NLPG—online, through our catalogs, or in our stores, or information you give us in any other way, such as by subscribing to our catalogs, email, or mobile messaging.
If you use one of our services, or participate in one of our surveys, promotions, or sweepstakes, we may also ask for additional information, such as your age, interests, or product preferences.
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use.
When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To complete your purchase transactions.
To improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience.
To identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you.
Others with whom we share your information
New Leaf Publishing Group: All of the above information that we collect, as described above, may be shared among all NLPG entities.
Service Providers: We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us storage and analysis; (d) provide fraud prevention; and (e) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them.
Other Companies: We may provide information to carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you.
Business Transitions: We may transfer or share a copy of personal information about you in the event that NLPG goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of NLPG to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever. NLPG specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected from its websites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors to this website or the public.
Security
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and how we use them
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer or mobile device [hard drive]. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" or "clear gif" is typically a one-pixel image, used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website.
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before navigating to this website. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions. You can, of course, disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. We may also use web beacons, and other technologies, to help track whether our communications are reaching you, to measure their effectiveness, or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer, device, or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on NLPG websites. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information.
If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Promotional Emails
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them or placed an order with us. If you do not want to receive email from NLPG or its affiliates you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@mail.masterbooks.com.