https://www.collegescholarships.com/about/privacy-policy
Home>
Privacy Policy
CollegeScholarships.com Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 27, 2011
CollegeScholarships.com is designed to provide college scholarship information to students, prospective students, parents and education professionals. We have been helping individuals find scholarships since 1995. We understand the importance of consumer privacy for our customers and we know our success depends upon your satisfaction. The information contained below outlines our Privacy Policy. If, after reading it, you have additional questions, concerns or comments, please contact us via e-mail (LINK) or by phone at (302) 765-3880.
Your Information and How We Use It
In order to provide you with scholarship information that best matches your needs, we require certain personal information. This includes name, address, date of birth, gender and e-mail address. You'll also be asked to describe your academic status, including your current school year and grade point average, along with your relevant academic interests.
In addition to the required information listed above, you also have the option of supplying other personal information in order to focus your scholarship search. These additional fields include religious affiliation, ethnic heritage, disabilities, military history and club or organization affiliation. The purpose of this additional information is strictly to fine tune your scholarship search so that you may cast the widest net when looking for scholarship aid.
We are able to provide this free service due to the willingness of our users to be contacted by colleges and our marketing partners. We will keep you informed of the latest scholarship opportunities; plus, you could receive free information about colleges and promotions from top companies that have offers that are relevant to students. If you choose not to receive information at this time, you can opt-out.
We do collect IP Addresses and we use cookies. Both are used not to collect personal information, but to identify the customer's computer. Both are stored temporarily as the person is using the site. When their session has expired, that information is automatically deleted.
Marketing Partners, Vendors and Linked Sites
The Privacy Policy detailed on this page pertains only to the information collected by CollegeScholarships.com. Third party organizations linked to our site (including suppliers, vendors, marketing partners and other linked sites) are not subject to the restrictions and guidelines detailed in this Privacy Policy. CollegeScholarships.com strongly recommends that our customers review the Privacy Policy of any organization requesting personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
CollegeScholarships.com reserves the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. Due to the expanding nature of technology and the Internet, we may decide that Privacy Policy changes are needed so that we may better serve our customers or because our business model has evolved. If our Privacy Policy changes, those changes will be listed here or on our homepage. We suggest that our customers refer frequently to this page to keep abreast of any new developments.
Children Under 13
CollegeScholarships.com abides by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). This act restricts the collection of personal information for children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating an account with CollegeScholarships.com.
Security
We at CollegeScholarships.com understand the importance of providing a secure environment for data transmission. We have done our very best to ensure the safety of your personal information. The site uses industry standard encryption. Individual passwords can be reset by the user, but not retrieved. We will continue to monitor the field of Internet security and will incorporate new secure technologies as they evolve.
Home>
Privacy Policy
Quick Navigation
Scholarships by Major
Scholarships by State
Local Scholarships
Scholarships for Women
Scholarship of the Month
Religious Scholarships
Sports Scholarships
Military Scholarships
Disability Scholarships
Unusual Scholarships
Financial Aid
Scholarship Essay Examples
About CollegeScholarships.com
Privacy PolicyCollege Scholarship FAQCollegeScholarships.com About UsTerms of Use
Joining Us
Link to UsPartner with CollegeScholarships.com
States
X
Pick an Award State:
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
CancelSubmit