https://www.iese.edu/legal-notice/
Online Programs >
Custom Programs >
Faculty & Research
Faculty
> Faculty Directory
> Academic Departments
Research
> Excellence Centers
> Chairs
> IESE Publishing Case Store
> IESE Insight Knowledge Portal
> Academic Events
> Competitive Projects
> Initiatives
> Library
Learning Innovation
> Limitless Learning
> Learning methodology
> MOOCs
> Webinars
> Open access resources
Recruiting
About
Why IESE
> Our mission, vision and values
> Our history
> Our leadership
> Our alliances
> Our impact
> Diversity @IESE
> Jobs @IESE
News and facts
> News
> Agenda
> Rankings
> Accreditations
> Annual report
> Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Our campuses
> Barcelona
> Madrid
> Munich
> New York
> São Paulo
> Return to Campus
Services
> Loans and scholarships
> Library
> Chaplaincy
> IESE Shop
> Contact us
Botonera
Giving to IESE
Our COVID-19 Response
HomeLegal Notice
Legal Notice
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITES
The https://www.iese.edu website, hereinafter website, and the IESE brand are owned by IESE Business School-University of Navarra, headquartered in Barcelona, Avenida Pearson, 21, Tax Identification Number R-3168001J.
USERS
By accessing and/or using the IESE website a person is considered a USER who, by the very act of accessing or using the site, accepts the General Conditions of Use listed herein. The above Terms apply regardless of the General Contract Terms which may be enforceable in each case.
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITES
All content on the IESE website (including, without exclusion, navigation architecture, databases, services, graphics, videos and other content and/or visual components that make up the site), hereinafter “content,” belong to IESE and/or third parties who have assigned their rights. The USER assumes responsibility for the use of the Websites. This responsibility extends to the registration that may be necessary to access certain services or content. The USER is responsible for filling in this registration form with true and lawful information. As a result of this registration, the USER may be provided with a password for which he/she will be responsible, pledging to use it diligently and in confidentially.
The USER undertakes to make proper use of the content and services that IESE offers through its Websites in accordance with these General Terms of Use, including but not limited to refraining from engaging in activities which are unlawful, illegal or contrary to good faith and public order.
In any case, IESE is not liable for fraudulent uses made by users of the content in its Websites.
This website is governed exclusively by the regulations applicable in Spain, and all its users are subject to Spanish legislation.
INDUSTRIAL AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
THE USER acknowledges and agrees that all industrial and intellectual property rights on the content and/or any other elements on the website (including but not limited to all the elements that make up the visual look graphic and other sensory stimuli of web pages comprising the website such as its ‘look and feel’, trademarks, logos, trade names, texts, reviews and comments, images, graphics, designs, sounds, databases, software, flow charts, presentation, navigation architecture and web page source codes) belong to IESE and/or third parties who have assigned their rights. For this purpose, the website will be understood as all creations included and expressed by any tangible or intangible medium and/or format, known or unknown, which may be protected by the current intellectual property legislation.
Users are exclusively authorized to view, print, download or temporarily store—either in whole or in part— the content and/or elements on the website or pages that comprise it solely for their personal, private and non-profit use, provided that in any case their origin and/or author is duly noted and, where appropriate, the copyright symbol and/or industrial property notes of IESE or its owners appear.
Under no circumstances does access to IESE’s Websites imply any authorization, waiver, transfer, license or assignment of all or part of such rights by their owners, unless expressly provided otherwise. These General Terms of Use for the Websites do not in any way give Users any right to use, modify, exploit, reproduce, distribute or publicly broadcast Websites and/or their various content other than expressly provided herein. Any other use or exploitation of any rights will be subject to the prior and express authorization specifically granted for that purpose by IESE and/or third-party owners of the rights.
The use of these elements is strictly prohibited, as well as their total or partial reproduction, communication and/or distribution for commercial purposes or profit, and their modification, alteration, decompilation and/or any other use of the Websites, their pages and/or the contents they include. These actions may lead IESE to exercise any and all legal rights it may have through the courts or any other means.
IESE and all names including IESE are registered trademarks and may not be reproduced, imitated, used or included anywhere without our permission.
EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
IESE is not liable under any circumstances for damages of any kind which may be caused by, but not limited to, the following: errors or omissions in the content, non-availability of Websites or transmission of malicious or harmful viruses or programs in the content, despite having taken all the necessary technological precautions to prevent it.
IESE does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability and validity of the content, information, articles, reviews, offers and other content on this website, whether its own, those of third parties, or links to other websites. The school assumes no liability whatsoever for the use of the same.
IESE does not guarantee the availability and continuity of its website. Consequently, IESE is exempted from any liability for the improper functioning or interruptions of its Websites.
The USER may not take any action on our site which causes a computer system overload. The uploading of viruses, robots or software that alter the normal functioning of our Websites is also prohibited.
The user assumes all liability for the use of our Websites, accepting sole responsibility for any direct or indirect effect on the Websites, including, but not limited to, all adverse economic, technical and/or legal results, and hampering the expectations generated by our sites. The user therefore commits to not hold IESE liable for any claims arising directly or indirectly from such actions.
The USER acknowledges that he/she has understood the information regarding the terms of use of our sites and recognizes that the terms are sufficient for ensuring error-free operation, and therefore accepts the terms fully and expressly.
The USER is fully aware that by merely browsing this website, as well as using its services, he/she accepts these terms.
LINKS
In the event that the websites include links or hyperlinks to other Internet sites, IESE does not exercise any control over such sites and content. Under no circumstance will IESE be in any way liable for the contents of any link to an unrelated website, nor does it guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, comprehensiveness, trustworthiness, validity or constitutionality of any material or information contained in any such links or other Internet sites. The inclusion of these external links does not imply any type of association, fusion or participation with the entities linked.
The USER can create links or hyperlinks to the IESE website as long as the following criteria are met and the use complies with these General Terms of Use and all applicable laws. The website or service that links to the IESE website should comply with these requirements:
a) Users may link to all IESE pages that don’t require registered access.
b) The use of the link does not imply, nor should it lead to confusion regarding IESE’s endorsement of the products, services, website or owner of the website in question.
c) It should not misrepresent, distort or alter the true relationship, if any, with IESE or present incorrect information about IESE.
d) The site may not infringe any intellectual property and/or any other type of rights or fail to fulfil any enactment of the legislation in force.
e) The site, services or products may not be defamatory, illegal, obscene, offensive or contrary to morality and public order.
IESE reserves any applicable rights to defend its interests in the event of any breach of the above terms and conditions of use, and specifically may require removal of the link.
COOKIES
We use cookies to facilitate the use of our website. Cookies are small information files that allow us to better understand how our users navigate through our website and help them during the process of navigation showing the information of interest. The cookies we use do not store any personal data, pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, or any information that can identify you. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser so you delete them from your computer hard drive, block them or warn you in case of installation. To continue without changes in the configuration of the cookies, simply continue on the web page.
The types of cookies that we use:
Preferences
These cookies allow us to know if you have previously visited our site or, for example, your default city. The loss of the information stored in a cookie for preferences can make the experience of the website less functional, but should not affect its operation.
Processes
Processes cookies allow the website to function and provide services expected by the user that accesses the web site, such as, browsing through web pages or access to the website safe areas. Without these cookies, the web site may not function properly.
Session state
These cookies keep the necessary information during the session and the changes associated with it, and also determine if you are registered or not in the web.
Analytical
Google Analytics is a web analytics from Google which mainly allows the owners of web sites to know how users interact with your web site. Also, enable cookies in the domain of the site where you are, and use a set of cookies to collect information anonymously and develop reports website trends without identifying individual users.
If you do not want to allow the use of cookies on our web site, please follow these instructions:
These procedures are subject to updating or modification by the developers of browsers, so we cannot guarantee they adhere fully to the latest version available at every moment.
Internet Explorer
In the menu “Tools & Internet Options”, go to the “Privacy” tab, select the desired configuration and click the Advanced Settings button. Check the box “Override automatic cookie management”. Mark the boxes ‘Activate’ or ‘Block’. We recommend you enable the option “Always accept session cookies” to allow for an optimal navigation for our web site.
Firefox
In the menu “Tools & options”, go to the “Privacy” tab. Enables or disables the check box “Accept cookies from sites” or “say Web sites that I don’t want to be traced,” depending on the version of your browser. You can also delete cookies installed by clicking on the option “delete cookies individually”.
Chrome
In the menu “Tools & settings”, go to the tab “Privacy & content settings”. After selecting the option ‘show advanced options’, select your favorite cookies settings. If you don’t want to allow their installation, you can select the option “block data from sites and third-party cookies”.
Safari
In the “Tools & preferences” menu, go to the “Security” tab. In the menu ‘Accept cookies’ select the checkbox “Always” or “Never”. If you have an iPhone, you will need to access “Settings > Safari” and there select whether or not you accept cookies.
If you use another browser, you can get more information about how to setup cookies through the help or assistance of your browser. If you need help to setup the cookies’ configuration with your browser, please send us an e-mail to iesenet@iese.edu and we will contact with you as soon as possible with the necessary information.
RIGHT OF EXCLUSION
IESE reserves the right to deny or withdraw access to its website and/or services offered without prior notice, on its own accord or at the bidding of a third party, to users who violate these General Terms of Use
AMENDMENT OF THESE TERMS AND DURATION
IESE may change at any time the terms specified herein, in which case they will be duly published in a similar format. The validity of these terms will depend on their exposure and will be valid until they are modified by other duly published terms.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
The relationship between IESE and the USER shall be governed by applicable Spanish legislation. In the event of any dispute, both parties will submit to the Consumer Arbitration Board of Catalonia, who is entrusted with the appointment of the arbitrator(s) and the arbitration committee. In the event that arbitration arrangement does not occur by mutual agreement or is declared void, or for the execution of the award, both parties are subject, with express waiver of their own jurisdiction if applicable, to the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Barcelona.