http://www.hshsl.umaryland.edu/about/privacy.cfm
Skip to Content
The HSHSL is a part of the University of Maryland, Baltimore
|
My UMB The Elm UM Shuttle Google Apps@UMaryland Blackboard
Off-Campus Access
Today:
Menu
Off-Campus Access
Find Resources
Research Support
Services
Reserve Space
About
OneSearch
Ask Us!
Tell Us!
Follow Us!
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
HSHSL Updates RSS Feed
Connective Issues Newsletter
Toggle navigation
Find Resources
Research Support
Services
Reserve Space
About
Search HSHSL Website
Search the HSHSL Website
Use OneSearch to find articles or books.
Tell Us!
Ask Us!
601 West Lombard StreetBaltimore MD 21201-1512Information Services: 410-706-7995
Click here to close
HS/HSL Privacy Policy
The Health Sciences and Human Services Library (HS/HSL), University of Maryland is committed to preserving the privacy of our users. We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The HS/HSL web site does automatically store information such as the IP address from which you access the Internet, the Internet address of the web site from which you linked to our site and the browser used to access our site. This information is used in aggregate to help us determine which pages are visited, how long visitors stay on a page, etc. This information helps us to plan for enhancements, identify the most popular parts of our site and generally maintain the site.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk allowing our server to "remember" specific information about your session. While visiting the HS/HSL site, you may occasionally encounter a web page that employs cookies to make it easier to use the dynamic features of these web pages. You can set your browser to disable cookies or prompt you before a cookie is accepted. If you do not want to receive cookies, you will still be able to use the site, but will be unable to use cookie-dependent features.
Personally Provided Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form and submitting it through our web site, we will use that information to respond to your message and to provide you with information or material that you request. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to third parties.
Links to Other Sites
Some of our web pages provide links to other Internet sites that provide health information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Last edited on: Monday, December 7, 2020
Sites Maintained by the HSHSL
Congenital Heart Disease
Faith Community Nursing
Project SHARE
University of Maryland Schools
School of Dentistry
Graduate School
School of Law
School of Medicine
School of Nursing
School of Pharmacy
School of Social Work
Connective Issues E-Newsletter
Read Our Latest Issue
Join our
subscribers!
Subscribe
Copyright © 2015
University of Maryland - Health Sciences & Human Services Library. All rights reserved
Contact Us | Hours | Directions | Privacy Policy | Disclaimers | Support the Library | Suggestion Box | HSHSL Building Work Order | Web Accessibility
601 W. Lombard Street | Baltimore, Maryland 21201-1512 | 410-706-7995