http://www.umuc.edu/terms-and-conditions/disclosures/index.cfm
Skip to Main Content
More +
Alumni
Donors
Media
Donate to UMGC
Events
News
Locations +
U.S. Locations
UMGC Asia
UMGC Europe
Learn Online
Transcripts
Log In
855-655-8682
Get Help
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Apply NowRequest Info
Terms and Conditions
UMGC For …
Prospective Students
Current Students
Administration
Partners
Alumni
Donors
Media
Log In
Academic Programs
Academic Programs
Academic Programs Business & Management Cyber Security Data Analytics Education & Teaching Healthcare & Science IT & Computer Science Liberal Arts & Communication Public Safety
Bachelor's Degrees Undergraduate Certificates Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees
Compare Programs
About Online Learning Open Educational Resources General Education Requirements
Resources Program Comparison Tool Schedule of Classes Catalogs Related Links Academic Calendar Academic Programs for Military & Veterans Legacy Academic Programs Learning Resources
Transfers & Credits
Transfers & Credits
Transfer & Credits Transfer Credits Credit from Colleges & Universities Credit from Community Colleges Credit from International Study
Fast Paths to Credit Prior Learning Workplace Learning Military Education & Training Credit by Exam Professional Courses & Industry Certifications Vocational & Technical Training
3D Scholars Program for Prince George's County		public high school students Community College Alliances Reverse Transfer Program Transfer Events
Resources Estimate Your Credits Transfer FAQs Related Links Program Comparison Tool Completion Scholarship Submit Your Transcripts
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid Tuition Qualifying for In-State Rates
Estimate Costs
Ways to Finance Your Education Federal Financial Aid Employer Tuition Assistance Military & Veterans Benefits Monthly Payment Plan
Scholarships Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college graduates Scholarship Finder COVID-19 Financial Resources
Tools Time and Tuition Estimator Resources How to Apply for Aid Costs & Tuition FAQs Related Links Federal Employee Discount Qualifying for Military Tuition Rate Finances
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans Steps to Apply Academic Programs Transfer Credits Careers
UMGC for Military & Veterans Military Awards & Affiliations Our Students & Alumni Our Faculty & Staff VetSuccess on Campus Worldwide & Regional Military Locations
Education Benefits & Financial Aid Military Tuition Rate Eligibility Tuition Assistance Housing Allowance Scholarships Financial Aid & Payment Plans Certification of Benefits
Resources Vessey Veterans Resource Center Military & Veterans FAQs
About UMGC
About UMGC
UMUC is now UMGC About UMGC Why Choose UMGC Regional Accreditation University System of Maryland Membership UMGC for Federal Employees
Awards & Recognition Mission & History Brand Guidelines
About Our Students Student Services About Our Faculty
Related Links Events Leadership and Governance Locations Military Awards & Affiliations News COVID-19 FAQs for Current Students
Admissions
Admissions
Admissions Steps to Apply Admissions Requirements
Students Educated Abroad Returning Students
Academic Calendar Admissions Events Flexible Scheduling What's Next: After You Apply Take Placement Tests Register for Your First Classes
Resources Admissions FAQs Tools Schedule of Classes Related Links Submit Your Transcripts Steps to Apply for Military & Veterans Steps to Apply for Federal Employees
Apply Now
Request Info
?
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Home Terms & Conditions Consumer Disclosures & Policies
Consumer Disclosures and Policies Information to help prospective and current students stay informed.
In an effort to help prospective and current students make the most informed decision about choosing higher education and in keeping with federal and state regulations, University of Maryland Global Campus has compiled the following links to information, policies, and disclosures. View a comprehensive listing of UMGC policies.
Academics
Academic Programs
Advising
Assessment of Student Learning Outcomes
Catalogs: Undergraduate | Graduate
Faculty Listing
Policy: Student Academic Load and Enrollment Status
Schedule of Classes: Undergraduate | Graduate
Textbook Information
Purchasing Course Materials
Admissions and Transfers
Admissions
Admission Requirements: Undergraduate Admission Requirements | Graduate Admission Requirements
Credit Evaluation
Policy: Academic Credit for Prior Learning and Military Experience
Articulation System for Maryland Colleges and Universities
Community College Transfer Credits
Policy: Transfer Credit Evaluation and Appeal Process: Undergraduate Transfer Credit Policy | Graduate Transfer Credit Policy
Sources of Transfer Credit
Complaint Processes
Students may submit complaints using UMGC's complaint resolution procedures. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of the student grievance procedure, the External Complaint Processes page also provides contact information for filing student complaints with external entities.
Copyright, Fair Use, and Integrity
Computing
Policy: Acceptable Use
Copyright and Fair Use
Copyright Agent and How to Report Copyright Infringement
Copyright and Fair Use in the Classroom
Illegal Downloading
Annual Notice: Peer-to-Peer File-Sharing
Costs and Financial Aid
College Navigator
Financial Aid for Prospective Students| Financial Aid for Current Students
Benefits and Financial Aid for Active-Duty Military Servicemembers, Veterans, Spouses, and Families
Financial Aid Options
Financial Aid Policies and Information
College Financing Plan
How to Apply for Financial Aid
Notice of Federal Student Financial Aid Penalties for Drug Law Violations
Student Loan Program Code of Conduct
Tuition
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
Refunds
Tuition Refund Disbursement
Tuition Refund Policies
Residency
Residency Determinations for Tuition Purposes
Policy: Residency Classification for Admission and Tuition Purposes
Drop and Withdrawal
Frequently Asked Questions about Drop and Withdrawal
Policy: Course Withdrawal
Health and Safety
Drug and Alcohol Prevention Program Biennial Review
Policy: Sexual Misconduct
Sexual Misconduct Reporting—Contact Information
Policy: Smoking at USM Institutions
Policy: Student Immunization
Safety and Security Annual Report
Institutional Information
UMGC's Mission and History
Accreditation
Web Policies | Web Privacy Policy
Professional Licensure
Find out about professional licensure throughout the United States.
State Authorization
Find out about UMGC's authorization to offer education services throughout the United States.
Student Information and Outcomes
College Navigator
Facts About UMGC, Including Student Body Diversity and Right to Know
Note: These pages include, but are not limited to, student body diversity statistics, retention and completion rates, and transfer-out-rates.
UMGC Graduate and Professional Education Data: Many students who received bachelor's degrees from UMGC have continued their studies in UMGC graduate and professional programs, including cybersecurity technology, management, business administration, information technology, cybersecurity management and policy, and healthcare administration. Internal database resources were utilized to identify UMGC graduate students in academic year 2017–18. Academic records of those students were then examined to include only students that earned a UMGC bachelor's degree.
Student Records
Policy: Disclosure of Student Records
Annual Notice: Privacy of Student Records (FERPA)
Student Life
Accessibility Services
Constitution Day
Register to Vote
Student Handbook
The discount for Federal employees and their spouses and eligible dependents will be applied to out-of-state tuition and specialty graduate programs. It does not apply to doctoral programs. This discount cannot be combined with the Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college students or the Pennsylvania Completion Scholarship.Undergraduate and standard graduate program tuition for students who meet the criteria for Maryland residency will be the applicable in-state rate. Tuition for active-duty military; members of the Selected Reserves, National Guard, and the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and the spouses and dependents of these student groups will be the applicable military or specialty rate. If you are a student using Post 9/11 benefits, please contact an advisor at 800-939-8682 to determine if you can apply both benefits.
View important information about the education debt, earnings, and completion rates of students enrolled in certificate programs.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled. Tuition rates are subject to the approval of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents. They may be changed, or other charges may be included, as a result of the Board of Regents decisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this or any other university publication, the university reserves the right to make changes in tuition, fees and other charges at any time such changes are deemed necessary by the university and the USM Board of Regents.The Board of Regents has authorized the university to charge a student's delinquent account for all collection costs incurred by the university. The normal collection fee is 17 percent plus attorney and/or court costs. The service charge for a dishonored check is $30. Requests for services (for example, transcripts, diplomas, registration) will be denied until all debts are paid.Please see the Policy on Student Classification for Admission and Tuition Purposes for specific details about residency requirements.Financial aid and tuition remission for University System of Maryland employees cannot be applied to noncredit courses. Golden ID benefits may not be applied to fees, noncredit courses, specialty graduate programs, or doctoral programs. Regular tuition rates apply for cooperative education, course challenge examinations, and EXCEL 301.
GI Bill is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. More information about education benefits offered by VA is available on the U.S. government GI Bill website.
The UCSP 615 requirement may be waived if you previously earned a graduate degree from a regionally accredited institution. For more information, contact your academic advisor.
Website Terms & ConditionsConsumer Disclosures & PoliciesExternal Complaint ProcessesProfessional LicensureState AuthorizationCopyright AgentHow UMGC Uses Your SSNNondiscrimination StatementOpting OutPrivacy PolicySocial Media GuidelinesWebsite Accessibility Statement
Orientation to Graduate Studies at UMGC UCSP 615 | 0 Credits (Required within the first 6 credits of graduate study for all new graduate students, except those in programs requiring CBR, DCL, or PRO 600.) An overview of the skills needed for academic and professional success. Focus is on enhancing communication and critical thinking skills. Assignments provide familiarity with tools such as library and information resources. APA style and resources are also addressed.