http://www.swtc.edu/legal/ada
skip to main content
Visit
Apply
Classes
Equity and Access
If you are unable to access documents here, please contact Student Services (admissions@swtc.edu, 608.822.2354)
Accommodations
ADA Employee Coordinator
Krista Weber
Chief HR OfficerCall Krista Weber 608.822.2315Email Krista Email Krista
ADA Student Coordinator
Building 300, Room 314(Knox Learning Center)disabilityservices@swtc.edu
Christena Bowers
Disability Services SpecialistCall Christena Bowers 608.822.2631Email Christena Email Christena Make an Appointment
Accommodations Statement
Reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities will be made to ensure access to academic programs, services, and employment in accordance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 (ADAAA) standards. Applicants with disabilities who need accommodations to take the Health Education Systems, Inc (HESI) entrance exam for Southwest Tech must contact the Testing Center (822-2313) to schedule their testing appointment. Applicants requesting extended time, large print forms, audio versions, or a personal room for taking the Accuplacer or HESI because of a disability must provide documentation to support their request prior to scheduling a date for testing. Southwest Tech reviews accommodation requests case by case. All documentation submitted to the College is subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 as amended.
For more information employees should contact Krista Weber and students should contact Christena Bowers; TDD/ TTY 608.822.2072 (for the hearing impaired).
Non-Discrimination
Equal Employment Opportunity Coordinator
Krista Weber
Chief HR OfficerCall Krista Weber 608.822.2315Email Krista Email Krista
Deputy Administrator
Dan Imhoff
Director of Facilities, Safety and Security/Title IX DeputyCall Dan Imhoff 608.822.2401Email Dan Email Dan
Non-discrimination Policies
Southwest Tech does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion, gender identity, or on any other basis that is prohibited by law in its programs and activities. The Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Officer has been designated to handle inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies. Call 800.362.3322, Ext. 2315 (TDD: 608-822-2072) or write Southwest Tech, 1800 Bronson Blvd., Fennimore, WI 53809.
View our Equal Opportunity Statement.
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action
Equal Employment Opportunity Coordinator
Krista Weber
Chief HR OfficerCall Krista Weber 608.822.2315Email Krista Email Krista
Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Policy
Statement of the Southwest Wisconsin Technical College District Board
The Southwest Wisconsin Technical College District Board has an established policy intended to bring about equal employment and educational opportunities within this institution. The District makes every attempt to stay in compliance with federal, state, and local anti-discrimination and affirmative action laws and executive orders, including Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Sec. 38.23 statutes, Section 504 or the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Acts of 1967 and 1975, the Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987, the Wisconsin Fair Employment law, other appropriate laws and executive orders and/or administrative directives and codes. The District has actively worked to promote and implement this policy, and it will continue to reinforce the concept that our educational institution is committed to providing equitable opportunities for all persons.
It is the District policy to maintain fair and impartial relations with employees and applicants for employment, and students and student applicants in any service, program, activity, course, or use of facilities on the basis of sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, ancestry, political affiliation, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, parental status, arrest record, conviction record, genetic testing, and the use and non-use of lawful products off the premises during nonworking hours, and membership in National Guard, State Defense Force, or other military forces of the United States, or on any other basis that is prohibited by law. Lack of English reading/speaking skills, will not be a barrier to admission and participation in district programs.
Affirmative Action will be utilized to achieve a work force and student body that includes an appropriate balance of women, racial/ethnic groups, and persons with disabilities. All employment practices, opportunities, and personnel actions such as recruitment, promotions, compensation, benefits, transfers, layoffs, return from layoffs, communication of information, terminations, retention, certification, testing, committee assignments, institution sponsored training and education, tuition assistance, and social and recreation programs will be administered without regard to the factors noted. The District will provide reasonable accommodation to employees for religious observances and practices.
The District will seek assurance from all contractors and suppliers of products and services that they do not discriminate. The District Board also encourages the purchase of products and services from women, minority and disabled business owners.
The management staff share the Affirmative Action Program responsibility and performance standards including the Affirmative Action Plan. The College Equal Opportunity Officer, Krista Weber, is responsible for implementing, monitoring, and evaluating the District Equal Opportunity Policy and for coordinating the Affirmative Action Plan, and shall report
directly to the President of the College. The Equal Opportunity Officer is also responsible for District compliance with the regulations of the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973 - Section 504, Title IX, and the development of activities that relate to gender equity.
Employees discriminating against students will be subject to discipline under appropriate Southwest Tech employment policies, and as applicable, collective bargaining agreements. Students discriminating against other students, staff, or nonemployees will be subject to discipline under procedures included in the Southwest Tech Student Handbook and Employees' and Students' Right to Know. The College will take necessary corrective action to remedy any instances when discrimination is determined to have occurred.
The Southwest Wisconsin Technical College District Board has an established procedure for resolving complaints relating to discrimination. Alleged acts of discrimination shall be filed directly with the District Affirmative Action Officer. Complaints must be filed within three hundred (300) calendar days from the date of the action causing the complaint. Reports of alleged acts of discrimination or inquiries concerning the equal opportunity policies of the District should be addressed to:
Krista Weber, Equal Opportunity Officer
Southwest Wisconsin Technical College
1800 Bronson Boulevard
Fennimore, WI 53809
608.822.2315
800.362.3322, extension 2315
TDD: 608.822.2072
humanresources@swtc.edu
Jason S. Wood, Ph.D., President
Revised, January 2016
HEA: Student Consumer
Equal Employment Opportunity Coordinator
Krista Weber
Chief HR OfficerCall Krista Weber 608.822.2315Email Krista Email Krista
Deputy Administrator
Dan Imhoff
Director of Facilities, Safety and Security/Title IX DeputyCall Dan Imhoff 608.822.2401Email Dan Email Dan
Higher Education Act: Student Consumer Education
The following are links to information on the Southwest Tech site that fall under the requirements of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA).
Institutional and Financial Aid Information can be found on the Financial Resources page
Financial Aid information and contact information can be found on the Financial Aid page
General information:
Privacy of Student Records - Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Disability Services creates conditions that empower and support student with disabilities
Facilities and Services for Students with Disabilities
Student Diversity
Price of attendance
Net Price Calculator
Refund Policy and Requirements for Withdrawal and Return of Federal Financial Aid
For Textbook information, see the Southwest Tech Bookstore
Educational Program
Instructional Facilities
Faculty are listed on each program page, or you can find them in the Staff Directory
Transfer of Credit Policies and Articulation Agreements (please see individual program pages for transfer agreements related to each program)
Transfer student information
Southwest Tech Accreditation information is located on the College Accreditation page
Copyright infringement policies and sanctions. Student handbook page 26.
Computer use and file sharing.
Student activities
Career Connections offers Career and Job Placement Services
Student Financial Assistance
Assistance Available
From Federal, State, Local, and Institutional Programs
Federal Student Financial Aid Penalties for Drug Law Violations
Student Loan Information
Initial
Loan Counseling for Student Borrowers - See #5
Exit Counseling for Student Borrowers
Health and Safety
Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program
Vaccination Policies
Campus Security Policies, Crime Statistics
Fire Safety Policies, Fire Statistics and Fire Log (On-Campus Housing Facilities)
Student Outcomes
Retention Rate
Graduate Success Report (2019)
Transfer out Rates
Job Placement
for Graduates
Job Placement Rates
for Graduates
Graduate and Professional
Education Placement for Graduates
Intercollegiate Athletic Program
Participation Rates and Financial Support Data (Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act)
Voter Registration information at www.wisconsinvote.org/faq
Title IX
Equal Employment Opportunity Coordinator
Krista Weber
Chief HR OfficerCall Krista Weber 608.822.2315Email Krista Email Krista
Deputy Administrator
Dan Imhoff
Director of Facilities, Safety and Security/Title IX DeputyCall Dan Imhoff 608.822.2401Email Dan Email Dan
Internal Resources
Internal contacts at Southwest Tech include our Student Services Advisors and Counselors. There are many other local resources
available.
College Policy on Non-Discrimination
It is the Southwest Wisconsin Technical College District policy to maintain fair and impartial relations with employees and applicants for employment, and students and student applicants in any service, program, activity, course, or use of facilities on the basis of sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, ancestry, political affiliation, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, parental status, arrest record, conviction record, genetic testing, and the use and non-use of lawful products off the premises during nonworking hours, and membership in National Guard, State Defense Force, or other military forces of the United States, or on any other basis that is prohibited by law. Lack of English reading/speaking skills, will not be a barrier to admission and participation in district programs.
See our Equal Opportunity Statement for more details.
What is Title IX?
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 protects people from discrimination based on sex in education programs and activities that receive federal financial assistance. The College is bound by, and supports, all applicable laws. The Title IX of the Higher Education Act of 1972 ensures the College does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its education programs and the Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act (SAVE) of 2013 and Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA) ensures that colleges and universities implement policies and programs to prevent sexual assault, dating violence, domestic violence, and stalking.
Internal Resources
Internal contacts at Southwest Tech include our Student Services Advisors and Counselors. There are many other local resources
available.
How Do I File A Complaint?
The Southwest Wisconsin Technical College District Board has an established procedure for resolving complaints relating to all types of discrimination and sexual misconduct. Student and employee complaints can be filed directly with the District Affirmative Action Officer and/or Title IX Coordinators. These are non-confidential reporters but privacy will be maintained and information shared on a "need to know" basis.
Campus Safety
Southwest Tech is committed to our Student's right to know about the security of our campus.
We are transparent about reporting crime statistics about campus safety in observance of federal laws including the Jeanne Cleary Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act, the Violence Against Women Act, and the SaVE (Sexual Violence Elimination) Act.
View a copy of our Annual Security Report (Clery Report)
Legal/Disclaimer
Copyright Notice
No part of this website may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise without the prior, written consent of Southwest Wisconsin Technical College.
General Disclaimer
This website contains links to URLs not affiliated with Southwest Wisconsin Technical College. When you link to the website of a third-party, you leave our website and are no longer subject to our privacy policy. The existence of links to third-party websites is not nor should be construed as an endorsement of these sites or their content by Southwest Tech. We assume responsibility neither for the content of third-party websites or your reliance thereon nor for the legal notices or privacy practices of third-party websites.
Legal Disclaimer for Accessing Student Records and Grades Online
Each User (e.g., Southwest Tech staff member, student or faculty member) is advised that access to student records and grades is governed by federal law. The Family Educational Reporting and Privacy Act (FERPA) requires a student to furnish written consent before his or her records can be released to anyone other than the student to whom the records pertain unless a clear statutory exemption for release of the records exist or the person requesting the records has a legally recognized need to know. Questions regarding the applicability of FERPA should be addressed to the User's supervisor or to Southwest Tech's director of administrative services.
The User shall not read, browse, modify or delete records from another's data or program without proper authority. Public access to computer screens must be avoided.
Access codes, passwords and personal identification numbers must be kept confidential. Users are expected to use appropriate safety measures in regard to records access. Inappropriate conduct includes but is not limited to showing a password to another person, displaying the password in public view and installing a password as a macro function.
Users are subject to disciplinary action and/or civil sanctions for violating records privacy.
Contact
Building 300, Room 301president@swtc.edu
Jason Wood
PresidentCall Jason Wood 608.822.2300Email Jason Email Jason
Karen Campbell
Executive Services DirectorCall Karen Campbell 608.822.2300Email Karen Email Karen