http://www.ucc.ie/en/legal/
Study
CoursesUndergraduatePostgraduateInternational OfficeAdult Continuing EducationUCC OnlineContinuing Professional DevelopmentScholarships and PrizesTransition-In ProgrammeGraduate AttributesAskIncoming First Year StudentsApply to UCCCollaborative Programmes
Research & Innovation
About UCC ResearchResearch Institutes and CentresResearch Support ServicesResearch ExpertiseInnovation and Technology TransferResearch View Newsletter
Discover UCC
HistoryNews and ViewsLeadership and StrategyCampus LifeVisit UCCAwardsCork City and RegionTogether with Community
Schools & Departments
Academic Schools and DepartmentsSupport and Service Departments
Business & Enterprise
Work with UCC StudentsRecruit UCC GraduatesExecutive EducationCentre for Continuing Professional DevelopmentResearch and InnovationEntrepreneurship Resources
Alumni & Development
Meet PeopleMake an ImpactDiscover our AlumniExplore BenefitsRegister for UCC Alumni OnlineMake a Gift
Home
Visited Pages
Favourites
Close
Search UCC.ie
Site Search Text
Website
People
Courses
View All Results
View All Results
Home
Visited Pages
Favourites
×
Guidance on Level 3 Restrictions
We've updated our guidance based on the move to Level 3 restrictions in Dec 2020. Find out what this means for your studies, research and work.
Updated 2 Dec 2020
In This Section
Save to Favourites
Share
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Email
HomeLegal
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions/Terms of Use
Important: Please read the following website terms and conditions (“T&Cs”) carefully as they set out the T&Cs upon which you are entitled to access our websites.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, supplement or remove portions of these T&Cs at any time. Therefore you should review the T&Cs periodically as, by using the website, you agree to be legally bound by these T&Cs. If you do not accept the T&Cs as stated here, please do not use our websites.
References in these T&Cs to "UCC”, University", "we", "our" and "us" are references to University College Cork – National University of Ireland, Cork.
1.    Intellectual Property
UCC is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in its websites, the technical infrastructure relating to them, and in the material published on them. Those works are protected by copyright laws and/or other intellectual property laws
2.    Use of our websites
Using our websites for the purposes of browsing is permitted.  You may download and temporarily store one or more of the pages on our websites for the purposes of viewing them. You may also print pages from our websites provided such pages are for personal (non-commercial) use only. Any other use of the content and software on our websites (including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication or display of the content on our websites) is strictly prohibited without our prior written consent or unless expressly indicated otherwise (for example via a notice that certain material is available for use via a creative commons licence).
You not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.  UCC's status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our websites must always be acknowledged. No trade mark, copyright or other proprietary notices contained in or appearing on material from our websites should be altered or removed in whole or in part
The permission to reproduce material does not extend to material identified as belonging to third parties, where you must obtain the permission of the relevant owners before reproducing such material. If you print off, copy or download any part of our websites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our websites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made
If you wish to make any use of material on our websites other than that set out above, please address your query to dewg@ucc.ie
3.    Reliance on Information Posted
Our websites have been prepared with the primary aim of providing information for and about UCC, detailing what we do and how we do it, and to support the many knowledge management and business process requirements both inside and outside of UCC.
Although UCC endeavors to ensure that the information on our websites is accurate at the time of publication, any of the information on our websites may be out of date or incomplete at any given time. If you believe that any information on our websites is inaccurate please let us know by e-mailing dewg@ucc.ie, and we will investigate.
UCC disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance on information placed on our websites/services by any visitor to our websites, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Where UCC makes research papers, personal commentaries/opinions, statistical analyses, corporate data and other third party material available on our websites, we do not control and do not necessarily endorse their contents or findings in any way, and we are not responsible for the accuracy or otherwise of such material.
4.    Our Liability
Due to the nature of the internet UCC cannot guarantee that our websites will always be available to you. If the need arises, UCC reserves the right to amend, suspend or withdraw the sites that we provide without notice. UCC will not be liable if for any reason our site or others are unavailable at any time or for any period.
The material displayed on our websites is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude: (a) all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or otherwise; (b) any liability for any damage or loss suffered by you (whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential loss, including loss of profits) arising as a result of the websites or the information contained therein (including any errors, inaccuracies or omissions in such information or any faults, interruptions or delays in connection with our websites).
Nothing in these T&Cs will operate to limit or exclude our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law
5. Privacy & Cookies
UCC’s privacy practices in connection with our websites are set out in our Privacy statement and Cookies statement. Please read these carefully as they are incorporated into these T&Cs by reference.
6.    Prohibited Uses
You may use our websites only for lawful purposes. You may not use our websites in any way that breaches UCC’s Acceptable Usage Policy. Please read our Acceptable Usage Policy carefully as it governs your activities on our websites and is incorporated into these T&Cs by reference.
You also agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our sites; any equipment or network on which our sites are stored; any software used in the provision of our sites; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
7.    Uploading Material to our Websites
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our sites, or connected third-party websites, or to make contact with other users of our websites, you must comply with the standards set out in our Acceptable Usage Policy. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and the University has the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. UCC also has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or their right to privacy.
UCC will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by your or any other user of our websites.
Please note UCC has the right to remove any material or posting you make on our websites if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the standards set out in our Acceptable Usage Policy.
8.    Linking to & from our websites
You may link to material on our websites, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
UCC reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website/service from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the standards set out in these terms and the Acceptable Usage Policy.
Where our sites contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. UCC has no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
9.    Notice & Take Down Procedure/Breach of T&Cs
UCC operates a strict “notice & takedown procedure” – see section 7 of UCC’s Acceptable Usage Policy for further details and information in this regard.
Where UCC suspects or determines that a breach of these T&Cs has occurred, UCC may take such action as we deem appropriate including, without limitation, all or any of the following actions:  (a) immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use controlled areas of our websites; (b) immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our websites; (c) issue of a warning to you; (d) legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach: (e) further legal or, in the case of students and staff, disciplinary action against you; and (f) disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as UCC reasonably feels is necessary.
10. Governing Law
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by laws of Ireland and the Irish courts shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our sites although the University retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our website, email dewg@ucc.ie
Thank you for visiting our various websites.
University College Cork
Coláiste na hOllscoile Corcaigh
College Road, Cork T12 K8AF
+353 (0)21 490 3000
Location
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
LinkedIn
CLOSE
Choose areas of the website to search
Website
People
Courses
Top