https://www.diaart.org/footer/privacy-policy
[Skip to content]
[Skip to main navigation]
[Skip to quick links]
[Go to accessibility information]
Introduction
Dia Art Foundation (“Dia”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors, online guests, customers, members, donors, and friends. This privacy policy governs the way we collect and use personal information both online and offline, and explains the types of information we collect and how we use it. By visiting this website (diaart.org), the online bookshop (diaart.org/shop/books) and any other sub-domains or affiliated websites of diaaart.org (collectively the “Dia website”), you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the website.
What Personal Information is Collected
Online Retail purchases
Dia offers books and other items for sale via www.diaart.org. Your name, credit card, email address, billing and shipping information will be required to complete an order. Your credit card information will be sent via an encrypted SSL connection to our third-party payment card processors for payment processing. Dia does not save credit card information. We will save your other personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service. If you prefer to place an order by telephone, Dia’s bookshop can be reached during Dia Beacon’s open hours at (845) 440-0100 x26.
Online memberships and donations
When you purchase, renew or gift a Dia membership or make a donation to Dia online, we will ask you to provide us with the information we need to process your membership and/or to acknowledge your contribution. This information includes your name, billing and mailing addresses, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. These transactions will be facilitated by a contractor who has agreed to use the information you provide only for the purpose of completing your transaction and tracking membership and registration status.  Your credit card information will be sent via an encrypted SSL connection to our third-party payment card processors for payment processing. We will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service. We do not store credit card numbers. To process payments for members who have selected automatic renewal, Dia will retain payment information using tokenization technology for enhanced security. In certain cases, you may be asked for additional information to complete your request, such as birth dates (month/year) if obtaining a Senior membership. If you prefer to purchase or renew a membership or make a donation offline, you may do so by calling Dia’s Development Department at (212) 293-5602.
Online purchases of Museum admission tickets, event tickets, and course registrations
Dia uses third-party vendors to administer and process your online purchase of admission tickets to the Museum. We also work with third-party contractors to process ticketing for certain events. Dia requires its vendors to maintain the security of the information which you provide to them.
Children under age 13
Dia’s website is not specifically dedicated to children and does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors under the age of 13 should remember that they are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website.
Dia News
Dia offers visitors to the Dia website and other supporters the opportunity to subscribe to our online newsletter, a service hosted by a third-party contractor that has agreed to use the email address you provide only to send Dia communications to you. You may unsubscribe at any time following the instructions in each email.
Emailing Dia
If you send an email to Dia, your message and email address may be saved and we may send you emails in order to respond to your message. Any material, business information, ideas, concepts, or other information sent to Dia by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. We will only use the information provided in your email and your email address to improve the Dia website, services, and products, and to fulfill or respond to your requests for products, services, or information.
Press area
To access Dia’s press images, Dia requires the creation of an account with name, email and affiliation. Your information will be used only for communication with Dia’s Communications Department and will not be shared with any third party.
Website usage information
Dia automatically collects certain information to help us operate and provide the Dia website to you. As is the case with many websites, our servers automatically collect your IP address when you visit our website, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your Internet access provider. We may also capture certain “clickstream data” pertaining to your website usage. Clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or device, Web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to the website, the pages or content you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, transactions you complete, and any search terms you have entered on the Dia website or a referral site.
Among other things, this information enables us to generate analytics reports on the usage of our website. We use Google Analytics to do this. To opt out of your Dia website usage being included in our Google Analytics reports, you may follow the instructions at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Dia’s website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users, provide a better experience when you browse our website, and improve our site’s performance and usefulness. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small data file that websites can place on your hard drive when you visit. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that tracks the pages you’ve visited within that site. The cookies on Dia’s website are primarily used to recognize that a user has visited the website previously and to track user traffic patterns.
If you prefer not to receive cookies through the site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You also can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any pages within our website. For more information about cookies, including how to set your browser to reject cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Links to Other Sites
Users may find content on Dia’s website that links to the sites and services of our partners, sponsors, or other third parties. In many cases, these links represent cooperative projects or are established with persons or entities that have a significant connection to or relationship with our site. Although every effort is made to ensure that any referrals are to reputable and relevant sources, Dia does not control the content or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy at all. Dia encourages visitors to review the privacy policies of any sites they visit to ensure their Personal Information is being protected.
How Personal Information is Used
Dia is committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors. If you provide us personal information we will use this information to respond to your inquiry or request, or to fulfill your order, or to resolve any issues related to your museum visit or event attendance. We may also use it to contact you to provide information about other Dia activities, programs, membership and fundraising opportunities, products and special events that may interest you. We may combine information you give to us online, offline or at Dia. We may also combine or supplement this information with publicly available information and additional information we receive from or have cross-referenced with our third-party vendors and others. You may opt-out of having your information used by Dia for these purposes, or you may update your contact information anytime, by contacting us via the following e-mail: privacy@diaart.org
With Whom Personal Information is Shared
Dia does not share your personal information with other organizations, such as other non-profits or museums. However, Dia engages third-party vendors in order to help us manage the website, process online and offline transactions, better respond to the needs of our visitors, and enhance our marketing efforts, which may require the sharing of some of your personal information. We and our third-party vendors or partners use analytics data for a variety of purposes such as to improve the design and content of our website, to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to all of our visitors and what promotions visitors like to see, and to gauge the success of our advertising campaigns.
Dia may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on Dia; (b) protect and defend Dia’s rights or property, the website, or Dia’s users; and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of Dia affiliates, agents, or the users of the website or the public.
Security
The online transactions conducted on the Dia website are protected by security features, including encryption and tokenization, designed to prevent the unauthorized release of your personal financial data. All credit card information complies with current PCI standards and will be tokenized and held on third party sites.
While Dia has endeavored to create a secure and reliable website, please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from this website over the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, Dia and its employees, agents, officers, directors, legal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns are only responsible for information after receipt and while in our custody and control. You assume the sole and complete risk for using the Dia website and must make your own determination as to these matters. It is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to use a known and trusted secure connection and to log off when finished using a shared computer.
Revisions to our privacy policy
Please note that Dia may revise its privacy policy at any time, without notice, such changes to be effective immediately upon posting on the Dia website. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy. In some cases (for example, if we significantly expand our use or sharing of your personal information) we may also tell you about changes by additional means, such as by sending an email to the email address we have on file for you. In some cases, we may request your consent to the changes.
Last updated 6/30/2020
Receive Dia News and be the first to hear about events and exhibitions happening at our locations and sites.
Email
Sign up