http://www.njc.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy and digital communications policy
This notice discloses the privacy policy and practices for Northeastern Junior College’s website,  www.njc.edu. It also summarizes Northeastern’s digital communications policy as it pertains to Northeastern’s website. This policy applies only to information collected by this website.
Information collection, use and sharing
Northeastern is the sole owner of information collected on this site. Northeastern only has access to/collect information that visitors to njc.edu voluntarily provide to Northeastern via email or other, direct contact from visitors. Northeastern does not and will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use visitor information to respond to those respective visitors regarding the reason he/she contacted Northeastern. We will not share visitor information with any third party outside of Northeastern’s organization, other than as necessary to fulfill a visitor’s specific request, e.g. to send he/she information. Unless a visitor specifies not to, Northeastern may contact a visitor via email or by text in the future to inform about new services or changes to this privacy policy.
Electronic communications policy
Northeastern’s policy is to guide usage of all forms of digital communication, including email, internet services, texting, voicemail, audio and video conferencing, and fax messages that are sent or received by faculty, staff, students, and other authorized users of Northeastern resources. In general, Northeastern provides various forms of digital communication for teaching, learning and college operations. All records created through digital communication equipment provided by Northeastern are the property of the college. People who are authorized to use email and voicemail provided by Northeastern may make limited personal use of those media, as long as there is no direct cost to the college.
All digital communication at Northeastern must meet the standards of conduct, laws, and regulations published in such official Northeastern, state, and federal documents as the Northeastern Catalog, Northeastern Student Code of Conduct, any Northeastern faculty handbook, and the Colorado State Employees Handbook.
Northeastern digital communications tools may not be used for commercial purposes, i.e., to send copies of documents in violation of copyright laws, to transmit information that is restricted by laws or regulations, to intimidate, threaten, or harass other individuals, or to interfere with the ability of others to conduct Northeastern business, forge communication so it appears to be from someone else, to get unauthorized access to data, files, or other communication, to breach security measures in order to access electronically stored information in any way, or sending chain letters or jokes of any nature.
Northeastern does not routinely monitor digital communication. Message contents are inspected only to protect health, safety, or security. Still, the contents of email messages can be disclosed as a result of legal discovery, writ, warrant or subpoena, or as a result of a request under the Colorado Open Records Law.
Website form submissions
If an individual chooses to submit a form on this website, she/he may be required to give certain information (such as their real name and a legitimate email address). This information is used to contact her/him about the services on Northeastern’s website in which they have expressed interest. At a visitor’s option, they may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about themselves, but it is not required.
Access to and control over information
Visitors to njc.edu may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting njcmarketing@njc.edu:
•    See what data we have about an individual (themself), if any;
•    Change/correct any data we have about an individual (themself);
•    Have us delete any data we have about individual (themself).
Cookies
Northeastern uses "cookies" on its website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's computing device to help us improve visitor access to Northeastern’s website and measure website traffic. Cookies enable Northeastern to track and target the interests of website users to enhance the experience on the website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
This website uses Google Analytics to measure and record anonymous visitor data. This anonymous data may be used to serve advertisements via social media (e.g., Facebook), Google's advertising and emarketing channels and other third-party vendors to reach users on various websites. This site and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to this site. Any individual can opt out of these reports by using Google's Ads Settings or Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. Northeastern has no control over and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Northeastern encourages users of its website to be aware when they leave njc.edu and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
This privacy policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page.
If an individual feels Northeastern is not abiding by this privacy policy, she/he should contact the college immediately with an email to njcmarketing@njc.edu.
Photography and video recording of campus activities
Northeastern often uses photographs and audio/video recordings of college life, events, ceremonies, and other activities for purposes related to the educational mission of the college, including education, research, publicity, marketing and promotion of college programs.
By being present in areas on campus property that is open to the public or at public college events and activities, individuals authorize use and reproduction by the college or anyone authorized by the college of any photographs or recordings taken while at the college event or activity without compensation. All such photographs and recordings (including electronic) shall be the sole property of the college.
Northeastern may work with individuals who expressly request to be excluded from college photography/recordings when practical. Individuals not wanting to be photographed or recorded have the option of leaving the public area being photographed/recorded.
‹
›
×