https://www.life.ca/lifemedia/privacy.html
About Us             Our Magazines             Our Books
Privacy PolicyLife Media is the publisher of Natural Life Magazine, Life Learning Magazine, Natural Child Magazine, Childs Play Magazine, the Life Learning: The Canadian Home-Based Education website, life.ca, Natural Parenting Today, and	other websites that may be created from time to time. At Life Media, we value your trust as well as your privacy. We take no contact information from you unless you provide it. We guarantee that any information you provide in communication with us will not be used for any purpose other than as stated below. We also take care to restrict internal access to the information you provide to us. Only people who need the information to perform a specific job have access to personally identifiable information. All personal information stored either in hard copy or electronically is kept in a secure environment, and shredded or deleted when it's no longer required.The fundamental use of the information we collect is to respond to and fulfill your needs as a customer or prospective customer. In other words, the information is used by us to respond to your question(s) or to process your payment for a print or e-book and to send you the book you have ordered, or to resolve the customer service matter or other inquiry which you have brought to our attention.Information from Book PurchasersWhen you initiate the payment process for a book, you will be taken to our centralized shopping cart site at www.NaturalLifeGeneralStore.com. All credit card payments are then processed for us through the PayPal secure payment service; PayPal does not share your financial information (like credit card number and expiration date, or banking details) with us. We receive only your name, address, email address (and phone number if you've provided it to PayPal as part of your order). This contact information is stored in a secure manner.If we have difficulty sending your e-book to the email address we have received or, in the case of a print book, your package is returned as non-deliverable, any contact information that you have provided beyond name and shipping address will be used to get in touch with you regarding that matter. We are not currently sending bulk emails of any type to anyone. If you receive a bulk email that appears to be from us, the send field has been spoofed by a spammer to cover up their activity; we have no control over that usage.Information from Website VisitorsWe use Internet Service Provider (IP) addresses from the website log files to count traffic, analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad anonymous demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.The Life Media websites may contain links to other sites, including those of paid advertisers. Life Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on users' browsers, or using web beacons to collect information as a result of ads on our websites.
Privacy Policy copyright © 2020 Life Media