https://www.somerset.qld.edu.au/ancillary/terms-of-use/
You are Here
Ancillary
Terms of Use
Ancillary
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site ("Site Content and Services") are provided by Somerset College on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified by Somerset College in writing or required by applicable law. Somerset College acknowledges that there are certain guarantees, warranties terms and conditions imposed by law relating to the supply of goods and services which the law expressly provides may not be excluded, restricted or modified or may only be limited to a certain extent ("Statutory Obligations"). Subject to the Statutory Obligations and any other warranties provided by Somerset College in writing, Somerset College makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the Site Content and Services
Other than in relation to the Statutory Obligations, Somerset College disclaim all warranties, express or implied in relation to this site or the Site Content and Services to the full extent permissible by applicable law Other than as required under any Statutory Obligations, Somerset College will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or the Site Content and Services, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified by Somerset College in writing.
If the Statutory Obligations apply in relation to the Site Content and Services but the Site Content and Services are not goods or services of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use or consumption, Somerset College's liability for the breach of the Statutory Obligations is limited to, at Somerset College's option, either: (a) replacement or repair of the goods; (b) resupply of the services; or (c) payment of the costs of replacing or repairing the goods or having the services resupplied.
Applicable Law
By visiting somerset.qld.edu.au, you agree that the laws of the state of Queensland, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Somerset College.
Site Security
When purchasing from Somerset College, card details are transmitted through a secure server and card data is not hosted or retained by Somerset College, or any other third party, after processing. All transactions are processed in Australian Dollars. The use of Captcha technology on online forms protects the site from scripted attacks.
Consumer Data and Privacy Policy
Somerset College is dedicated to keeping your details private. Any information we collect in relation to you is kept strictly secured and for the stated purpose. We do not pass on, sell or swap any of your personal details with anyone. The only personal information collected is that which you disclose to Somerset College in communications with us, through providing data to identify yourself for purchasing products or services or through subscriptions to our eNewsletter. We use this information to identify your orders, provide you with our e-Newsletter and to continue communication between both parties. A copy of the Somerset College Information Collection – Privacy Notice can be found on this website, as well as a copy of our Privacy Policy.
Any use of cookies is to allow you to login to your account, maintain a shopping cart and to purchase items in your shopping cart. Cookies sent to your computer from Somerset College only last while you’re browsing our website.
Methods of Payment
We accept MasterCard, VISA and AMEX as methods of payment for online transactions.
Refund Statement
Please refer to the Somerset College Refund Statement under the Resources section on this page for the College's refund policy.
Site Policies, Modification, And Severability
Please review our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to somerset.qld.edu.au. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. Please review our policies and these Conditions of Use periodically for changes. If we make material changes to these we will notify you by email or by putting a notice on our homepage. Your continued use of our site or the Site Content and Services one you have been notified of the changes to our policies and Conditions of Use constitutes your deemed acceptance of those changes.
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
How to contact us:
Email: mail@somerset.qld.edu.au
Postal: Somerset Drive, Mudgeeraba, QLD 4213.
How do I unsubscribe from the newsletter?
The footer of your newsletter contains a link to unsubscribe from our database.
What can you do if you have a complaint?
If you are not happy in respect to how we have dealt with your personal information, you should firstly contact our office via email or express post your concerns. Then if you are still not satisfied you should contact the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner Australia - Privacy Hotline on 1300 363 992 or visit their website.
Resources
Somerset College Refund Statement [PDF]