http://www.edu-cyberpg.com/AboutUs/privacy.html
HOME
Search ECP
About Us ©
©1996 ECP Copyright
Contact Us
ABOUT US
Ask Permission to Use
How To Cite ECP
Mission Statement
Why Play Here?
Suggest A Link
ECP Awards
Press
Site Sponsors
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Purchase
Advertising Queries
Advertising Rates
Site Development
Buy Books
Channels
Blog, Mailing Lists
©1993 K-12 American School Directory
Teachers
Interdisciplinary
Arts
Music
NCFR Folksongs
Literacy
Linguistics
Internet
Technology
Hot Topics
K12 Education Issues
Folksong Repository
Music Law
Baby Development Chart
Element Song
Funk Brothers
Online Curricula
Webquests
Grandma's Tutorial
Net Rules for Parents
Security
Digital Divide
*ECP RingLeaders
Mission Statement
Why Play Here?
Copyright
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
How to Cite This Page
Permission
Media Permission
Bio
Resume
Press
ECP Awards
Partnerships
Suggest A Link
Acknowledgement
Purchase
Advertising Queries
Ads In Blog
Site Development
Buy Books
RELATED LINKS
Teach and Learn about Fake News
Definition of Happiness
Genuius, Creatives and Dreamers
Dr. Leon Eisenberg
Internet Pioneers
How to Motivate Students
Children's Oral Tradition
The Educational CyberPlayGround, Inc. ®
Privacy Policy
The Educational CyberPlayGround, Inc.® respects the privacy of every person visiting our website. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy, and the high value we place on your quality feedback.
Unique Personal Information
General information collected automatically
What is a Cookie?
Information we may place automatically on your computer's Hard Drive
How we utilize your valuable feedback
Spam
Contact the Educational CyberPlayGround®
Unique Personal Information
The Educational CyberPlayGround® will not collect any personal information about you (i.e., your name, address, telephone number, or email address), unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
The only ways we can obtain your personal information is if you, do one of the following:
Submit it to us through one of our interactive forms
Subscribe to one of our mailing lists
Post a Project, Announcement, or Comment to a mailing lists
Post an Educational CyberPlayGround Kudos/Testimonial
Send us a question or give feedback through our contact form or email.
Advertise your product or service.
The Educational CyberPlayGround does not classify readers by age, we do not gather information regarding readers ages.
Children are not targeted for marketing.
Please note that we don't harvest any info about you!
How We Utilize Your Valuable Feedback
We highly value the information that our site visitors and mailing list subscribers send us. It gives us a better understanding of what they want from our efforts. This enables us to improve the site, our product, and services.
When you do provide us with personally-identifiable information, we will only use that information to improve the services we provide, to track and analyze user logs internally.
All comments and feedback are dealt with confidentially and are fed into our R&D process so that we continually improve on what you appreciate most from this website, its information and our service. Once this information is received by The Educational CyberPlayGround, it is in no way disclosed to any third party.
We openly welcome your feedback regarding any aspect of this website, its content and our products and services. If you send us a personal testimonial regarding our services or website, we may publish this in our Educational CyberPlayGround® Kudos section. We publish your name, title and company name (when provided), and an email link to you.
Should you prefer us to not publish your personal testimonials as part of our Kudos area, or if you do not want either your name attributed and/or an email link from the website, please state so when sending us your testimonial to the
General Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser, of computer operating system and the domain name of the website from which you linked to ECP.
Mailing list subscribers are never sold, rented or passed on to a third party and it is not our intention to do so in the future.
Information We May Automatically Place On Your Computer's Hard Drive.
The Educational CyberPlayGround website will store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file. This information would help us to improve our service we offer in a number of ways.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a short piece of data, not code, which is sent from a web server to a web browser when that browser visits the server's site. The cookie is stored on the user's machine, but it is not an executable program and cannot do anything to your machine.
Cookies are required for ASP sites to work properly. They enable the server to tell one user from another. The server doesn't care about a user's details--just the fact that one user is different from another. ECP sells online curriculum which would use a cookie that allows you to save pieces of information for the online purchase using a shopping basket. The simplest way to do this is to send you a cookie with the items you are requesting. When you are then ready to view your basket, our server would read the cookie and deliver the information that you need.
Some places in our Cul De Sac Area will require a username and password to enter. Instead of you having to enter your information every time, we ask you one time, and then retrieve the information every time after that. The result is a fast and enjoyable visit to the site.
Who will read the cookie? Any cookies we send you can only be read by The Educational CyberPlayGround®.
If you did not wish us to place "Cookie" files on your hard drive, you can always adjust your browser settings to either exclude cookies or to inform you every time we (or anyone else for that matter) tried to send you a cookie.
Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive in the same way that you would delete any file anytime. Also you may want to delete any Flash cookies AND YouTube and most video sites use Flash which has it's own cookies called Local  Shared Objects (LSOs) which can only be managed at the Adobe web site or using a browser plugin.
Spam
HR 1910 IH, E-Mail User Protection Act. Re: unsolicited bulk e-mail. Sponsor: Rep. Gene Green (D-TX). Date Introduced: May 24, 1999. Source: Library of Congress.As Per HR 1910, 2. a, (3)
Thank You,
The Educational CyberPlayGround, Inc.®
© Educational CyberPlayGround ® All rights reserved world wide. Hot Site Awards