http://www.sfx.ac.uk/privacy-cookies
enquiries@sfx.ac.uk
Switchboard: 020 8772 6000
Admissions: 020 8772 6072
About Us
Ethos & Values
Our Story
Why Choose a Sixth Form College?
Why Choose Saint Francis Xavier College?
Facilities
Catholic Life
Leavers' Destinations
2020 Exam Results
Ofsted Report & Performance Tables
Staff Vacancies
Virtual Tour
How to Find Us
16-18 Courses
All Courses
A level & Applied
BTEC/UAL Level 3 Extended Diplomas
Level 2 Diplomas
Foundation Learning
Course Options Explained
Ask A Question About A Course
Applications
Virtual Open Day
Apply Now
The Application Process
International Students
Entry Requirements
Frequently Asked Questions
Prospectus
Students
Student Life
Careers Guidance
Sport Facilities & Activities
Clubs & Groups
Trips & Learning Opportunities
Oxbridge, Russell Group and Medicine Programmes
Additional Learning Support
Student Welfare & Safety
Bursary & Financial Support
Alumni
Term Dates
Reporting Student Absence
Parents & Carers
How We Work With You
Student Welfare & Safety
Bursary & Financial Support
COVID-19 Information for Parents & Carers
Schools
Why Work With Us
School Liaison
News & Blog
COVID-19 Guidance
Space for Hire
Events
Contact Us
Privacy & Cookies
Search Courses
- All Types -
A level & Applied
BTEC/UAL Level 3 Extended Diplomas
Level 2 Diplomas
Foundation Learning
- All Subjects -
Science & Mathematics
Business & Economics
Information Technology
Sport
Art, Media & Performance
Languages
History, Politics, Law & Theology
Social Sciences
Preparation for Work & Life
English Language & Literature
Health & Social Care
Geography & Travel
Extended Project Qualification
Search
Home > Privacy & Cookies
Data Privacy Statement
This privacy notice is issued by the Education and Skills Funding Agency (ESFA), on behalf of the Secretary of State for the Department of Education (DfE). It is to inform learners how their personal information will be used by the DfE, the ESFA (an executive agency of the DfE) and any successor bodies to these organisations. For the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation, the DfE is the data controller for personal data processed by the ESFA.
Your personal information is used by the DfE to exercise its functions and to meet its statutory responsibilities, including under the Apprenticeships, Skills, Children and Learning Act 2009 and to create and maintain a unique learner number (ULN) and a personal learning record (PLR). Your information will be securely destroyed as per their retention policy after it is no longer required for these purposes.
In signing the Student Contract, you consent to your information being shared with third parties for education, training, employment and well-being related purposes, including for research. This will only take place where the law allows it and the sharing is in compliance with the data protection regulation.
Further information about use of and access to your personal data,  details of organisations with whom we regularly share data, information about how long we retain your data, and how to change your consent to being contacted, please visit: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/esfa-privacy-notice
SFX fully complies with the principles of General Data Protection Regulation. Click here to view our Privacy Notice for Students.
At no time will your personal information be passed to organisations for marketing or sales purposes.
Cookies Policy
How we use Cookies
Like many websites, we use cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This information is used to make the site work as expect it to. It is not personally identifiable to you, but it can be used to give you a more personalised web experience.
Some of the information stored is put there by other companies whose software we have added to the site. This can also impact your experience of other websites you may visit after leaving ours.
This website uses cookies in two ways:
A session variable is created on the server which stores temporary information to enable site functionality. It is destroyed as soon as you close your web browser. It is not stored on your computer / device.
To monitor usage of the website, e.g. how many times pages have been visited, the browser types that visitors are using, other websites and search engines which refer users to the website. These cookies do not store any information that would identify you personally. The monitoring of the usage of the website helps us identify improvements to the design, functions and content.
Session Cookies
_stid (sharethis.com), _uset (sharethis.com)
These are session cookies that identifies a unique visit to the site. These cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent Cookies
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz (Google Analytics)
These cookies allow Google Analytics to track the usage of the site. We use Google Analytics to better understand how our customers navigate to and through our website and how often they return. Google Analytics help us to track the effectiveness of digital marketing (advertising) campaigns. Find out more about the Google Cookies from Google support.
cookies (rlcdn.com), cookies (bluekai.com), cookies (rfihub.com)
Various third parties cookies are used by ShareThis functionality.
Further Information
If you want to know more about what cookies are, how they are used on the internet and how you can control the use of them, depending on which web browser you use, you can find independent advice from the Information Commissioner’s Office. The All About Cookies website also provides more in depth information on the general use of cookies.
If you have any questions about the use of cookies on this website that are not answered above please email us via our contact form.