http://www.susu.org/about/terms-and-conditions
View Navigation
What's OnWhat's On
Activitiessports & societies
Eat, Drink, Shopeat, drink & shop
Help & Supportadvice & welfare
Representationofficers & academic reps
About SUSUlearn more
Login
Search susu.org
×
Search for...
Search
HomeBack toAboutTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page contains all the terms & conditions for use of the University of Southampton Students' Union ("SUSU", "the Union", "us", "we") website, and entry into competitions run by SUSU.
It all looks a bit scary but really isn't!
Terms and Conditions for Website Use
All rights, including copyright and database right, in SUSU's website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to the SUSU, or otherwise used by SUSU as permitted by applicable law.
In accessing SUSU.ORG's webpages, you agree that you will access the contents solely for your own private use but not for any commercial or public use. You can download and use the service on a single computer at a time and you can print out a single hard copy of any part of the content on the SUSU.ORG website for your personal use.
Except as permitted above, you undertake not to copy, store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of the SUSU.ORG website without the prior written permission of SUSU or in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Access to, and use of, this site is provided by SUSU subject to the following Terms and Conditions:
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, which take effect immediately on your first use of the site. SUSU reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
Material may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own personal non-commercial home use. Any other use requires the prior written permission of SUSU. You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained in this site or use it for any other purpose other than for your personal non-commercial use. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to SUSU and/or SUSU.ORG, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. In no event will SUSU be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. SUSU does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials.
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site (including without limitation any text, graphics, video or audio) you are required by such submission to grant SUSU a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with privacy restrictions set forth in the SUSU.ORG Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to grant such rights to SUSU, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site. By submitting your contribution to this site, you also warrant that such contribution is; your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to SUSU for all the purposes specified above; is not defamatory; and does not infringe any law.
Indemnify SUSU against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by SUSU as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and Agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the SUSU.ORG site and the other purposes specified above.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore should cease using this website immediately.
Terms and Conditions for Competitions
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions (which we will refer to as our "General Terms") are the overarching general terms and conditions that apply to all the competitions controlled by SUSU. We refer to all these competitions as the "Competitions" in these General Terms.
Competitions may also have their own specific terms and conditions (such as the details of how to enter, what the opening/closing dates are and what sort of prize you may win). Any such Competition-specific terms and conditions will be made available by means of the relevant media as part of the website or in-print promotion of the particular Competition. In these General Terms, we will refer to these Competition-specific terms and conditions as the "Specific Terms".
You should therefore read these General Terms in combination with any applicable Specific Terms. Where any such Specific Terms conflict with these General Terms, the Specific Terms will take precedence.
We may change these General Terms at any time. You should check our website regularly for any changes which will apply from the date that they are uploaded.
By entering any Competition you agree that you will be legally bound by these General Terms and also any applicable Specific Terms.
IDENTITY OF THE PROMOTER OF THE COMPETITION
The "promoter" of a Competition is the person who is legally responsible for operating it. Unless any Specific Terms tell you otherwise, the promoter of the Competitions will be the University of Southampton Student's Union, also known as SUSU ("the Promoter").
SUSU is a company registered in England and Wales, and a registered charity. You can write to us using the following address if you have any concern in relation to any of our Competitions, setting out clearly the name of the Competition and your issue: SUSU, Building 42, University Road, Southampton, SO17 1BJ
ELIGIBILITY RULES FOR OUR COMPETITIONS
Unless we impose a particular age limit in relation to any of our competitions, they are open to all persons resident in the UK at the date of their entry. We reserve the right to require that the parent or guardian of any person aged 18 or less confirms in writing that they agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and will accept any prize on behalf of an under-18 prizewinner.
Certain Competitions may have additional eligibility requirements, such as valid passports, visas, driving licences, good physical health and so on. Any such additional eligibility requirements will be publicised to entrants in the relevant Competition.
Where Competitions are open to children (aged 15 or younger) and/or young persons (aged 16 or 17), the age requirements will be publicised to entrants in the relevant Competition.
It will be our sole decision as to whether any eligibility requirement has or has not been met and we may require evidence or confirmation from entrants before awarding prizes.
Employees of the promoter and their immediate families may not enter any competition: neither may the employees of any third party sponsors, prize providers or their immediate families.
ENTRY AND ENTRY METHODS
Deficient entries: In all competitions, we reserve the right to reject any entries that are inaudible, incomplete, incomprehensible, damaged or otherwise deficient. We also reserve the right to reject entries that are unlawful, indecent, racist, inflammatory, defamatory or which we consider to be otherwise harmful to the goodwill and reputation of our station that is running the competition in question. We accept no responsibility for any late, lost or misdirected entries including but not limited to texts, calls or emails not received due to technical disruptions, network congestion or any other reason. Proof of posting of any postal entry will not be proof of our receipt of that entry.
Automated Entry: The use of any automated entry software or any other mechanical or electronic means that permits any person to enter any competition repeatedly is prohibited.
Names: Entrants must enter competitions using their legal name once only. We reserve the right to disqualify any entrant who uses multiple names and to require them to return any prize they may have won.
Multiple Entries. Unless otherwise permitted pursuant to any Specific Terms, no person may enter any competition more than once and persons may not enter or participate as part of a syndicate or on behalf of any other person, syndicate, group, society or company.
Prize Limits. No person or persons at the same residential address may win more than one prize valued at £500 or more via any of our competitions in any six
month period.
Retrospective Effect. Where an entrant or prize winner has been found to be in breach of any of the terms and conditions of a competition and in particular where a person is in breach of the entry restrictions set out in rules 4.5 to 4.8 above, we may nevertheless still enforce our right to disqualify that person and require the return or reimbursement to us of any prize even where a prize has been awarded and/or actually provided to the entrant or prize winner in question.
PRIZES
We reserve in all cases the right to replace the stated prizes with prizes that we consider to be of broadly equivalent value. We offer no cash alternative for non-cash prizes and prize winners must accept prizes in the form offered. Where a prize is won by a person younger than 18, we reserve the right to award the prize to the prize winner's parent or guardian on behalf of the prize winner.
All prize winners will be notified that they have won a prize within 28 days of the closing date of the competition via at least one of the following methods:
by telephone;
by email;
in writing.
Prizes will be despatched to the winners via the UK mail service, unless otherwise stated. We will not be liable for any prizes which are lost, delayed, or damaged in the post for reasons beyond our control.
Prizes will only be delivered to an address within the UK. Should a prize winner's contact details change, it is their responsibility to notify us or the contact persons for the relevant Competition.
Prizes will only be delivered to an address within the UK. Should a prize winner's contact details change, it is their responsibility to notify us or the contact persons for the relevant competition.
We reserve the right to request proof of a prize winner's identity in the form of a passport or drivers licence and proof of address in the form of a utility bill. In the event that a prize winner cannot provide us with proof of identity reasonably acceptable to us, we may withdraw the prize and select another prize winner.
All prizes are subject to availability, non transferable and non exchangeable. Where prizes consist of entry tickets, attendance at events, holidays and similar time-specific benefits, they must be taken on the dates specified by us. If a prize winner does not take any element of a prize at the time stipulated by us (or any relevant third party prize provider) then that element of the prize will be forfeited by the winner. No cash will be awarded in lieu of that prize or part of it.
Any tax payable as a result of a prize being awarded or received will be the responsibility of the winner. Winners should seek independent financial advice prior to accepting a prize if this is a concern.
We make no representation or warranty in relation to prizes provided and to the fullest extent permitted by law we shall have no liability to you in relation to any prize, its fitness for purposes, merchantability or otherwise. We reserve the right to disqualify entrants from entering our Competitions or prize winners from receiving their prizes where any such person engages in unsafe, illegal, unsociable or inappropriate behaviour.
All stated prize values are at the supplier's recommended retail price in pounds sterling and are correct at the time of printing. We take no responsibility for any fluctuations in prize values. We award cash prizes in the form of a cheque in the name of the prizewinner. Any other arrangement will be at our discretion.
No additional, further or other costs or expenses are included in any prize unless stated. For example, the costs of transport to and from a venue or an event are not included and any accommodation prize includes basic room charge only.
Third party suppliers of prizes may also often stipulate their own terms, conditions or restrictions and all prize winners agree to be bound by these. Subject to paragraph 19.1, SUSU shall have no liability in relation to any prize provided by a third party provider.
EVENTS PRIZES
Where the prize for any of our competitions involve the winner's attendance at (or tickets to) an event, the prize winner acknowledges that we are not liable or responsible if any part of the event is cancelled, varied or rescheduled for any reason. If this means that the winner (and/or any accompanying guests) cannot attend the relevant event, we shall be under no obligation to provide any cash or alternative tickets.
Entrants proposing to redeem prizes involving, or participating in any competition where it involves, travel, stunts or physical challenges should notify us of any medical condition and we may at our absolute discretion require as a condition of entering the Competition or receiving the prize to:
submit to a medical examination by a medical practitioner approved by us and obtain medical clearance to participate in the competition and/or redeem the prize; and/or
execute a legal document to exonerate us from liability in a form prescribed by us in order to participate further in the competition and/or redeem the prize.
Where prizes comprise or include "meet and greet" elements with celebrities, the prize may be subject to the availability of the celebrity in question and we will have no liability for any inability or failure of any prize winner to attend any "meet and greet" session offered on any date nor will we offer any alternative prize or cash alternative or compensation for such failure.
UNCLAIMED PRIZES
All prizes must be claimed within21 days of our notification of winning unless otherwise stated.
We reserve the right to award prizes unclaimed after this period to alternative prize winners or not to award them at all.
If you call to claim a prize from a "withheld number" line you must provide us with your contact details: otherwise we may be unable to contact you and you may as a result forfeit your prize.
PUBLICITY AND PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information supplied by entrants when entering our Competitions will be used by us in accordance with the privacy policy applicable to our website and/or radio station in which the Competition appears, as the case may be. You should always read the applicable privacy policy as your entry in the relevant Competition is an agreement to be bound by the applicable privacy policy. All entrants may have their details removed from our database by contacting us. If details are removed prior to the conclusion of the Competition and/or award of prize(s), entrants will however forfeit their right to claim any prizes.
Should an entrant be required to submit a third party's personal information as a part of entry into or participation in any competition, each entrant must ensure that any other person whose details have been provided by the entrant to us has given or will give their consent for their details to be provided to us and to be contacted by us in relation to the relevant Competitions.
It is a condition of your entry to our Competitions that we have the right to publicise, broadcast and communicate to the public the names, home towns, characters, likeness and voices of entrants to our competitions for the running of the competitions and matters incidental to the competition.
In particular, entrants consent to their entries to radio competitions being read out on air and/or to their conversations with our presenters being broadcast on air and communicated to the public on our website/s.
Entrants also consent to their entries to video competitions being uploaded and promoted via the Promoter (or affiliated) online channels (such as YouTube, Vimeo and Facebook) and agree to supply appropriate copies of entries for this purpose
All entrants and particularly prize winners, may be required by us to participate in photo, recording, video and/or film session(s). In this regard you agree that we shall have the right to use all the resulting publicity materials in any medium (including, without limitation, the internet) and in any manner we see fit, unless you advise us at the time of entering the competition that you wish to retain your anonymity. If you elect for anonymity, we may not be able to include you in certain competitions.
Entrants also acknowledge that publicity materials featuring them may be provided to our third party prize providers for the purposes of promoting their association with the competition and awarding the relevant prizes.
No fees shall be payable to any entrant in relation to their entry in any competition.
PHOTOGRAPHS AND VIDEOS
Should any competition require entrants to submit a photograph or video clip, as a part of entry into or participation and used in the competition (collectively, "Photograph"): 1.entrants warrant that they are the person in the Photograph or have prior approval from the person in the Photograph that it may be submitted as part of their entry;
entrants agree that we have the right to publish and communicate to the public the Photographs in any media including, but not limited to, online, at all times without restriction or limitation throughout the world and not only for the purposes of the Competition;
entrants acknowledge that we may edit the Photographs in our sole discretion;
entrants agree that we have the right to use entrants' names, likenesses and other personal information in conjunction with the Photographs;
entrants agree not to bring against us any actions, suits, claims and demands in respect of defamation or any infringement or violation of any personal and/or property rights of any sort from our use of their Photographs;
entrants unconditionally waive their right to seek or obtain an injunction to prevent or restrict our use of the Photographs; and
entrants aged under 18 shall have obtained the consent of a parent or a guardian (and will provide us with the contact details we need should we wish to verify this).
DRAWS
Where any prize is awarded via a prize draw, prize winners will be chosen at random from all qualifying entries within 28 days of the Competition closing date.
If we become aware that the same person has been selected as a prize winner more than once, we will draw another name.
COPYRIGHT
By entering our competitions all entrants:
assign to us all rights (including present and future copyright) in their entry and their publicity materials in all media (including, without limitation, the internet) and whether in existence now or created in the future;
agree not to assert any moral rights in respect of their entry and the publicity materials (wherever and whenever such rights are recognised) against the Promoter, its assigns, licensees and successors in title;
undertake to us that their entry is not in breach of any third party intellectual property rights and will not contain anything, which is defamatory, indecent, harassing or threatening and that they will indemnify us for any loss, damage or liability arising should this turn out not to be true. If relevant, we reserve the right, but not the obligation (and without limiting entrants' warranty and indemnity as set out above), to screen, filter and/or monitor information provided by the entrant and to edit, refuse to distribute or remove the same;
Confirm that they have the right, power and authority to grant the rights set out above and that they have obtained all consents and permissions necessary to grant us the same.
For the avoidance of doubt, all rights in the name and title of the competition and the format rights for the Competition are our sole property and we may exploit the same our absolute discretion.
MINORS
If any prize winner is a child or young person (i.e. under the age of 18) we may require that the terms and conditions applicable to the competition (including these General Terms) be signed by the prize winner's parent or legal guardian before the prize is awarded. Any such prize may at our discretion be awarded to the prize winner's parent or legal guardian.
Holiday prizes are not available to persons under the age of 18 without written consent from a parent or legal guardian and unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
Where entrants or prize winners are required by us to sign a release or other document before participating in a Competition and/or redeeming a prize and the entrant and/or prize winner is under the age of 18 years, such document must be signed by that person's parent or legal guardian prior to their participation in the competition and/or the prize being awarded.
TAMPERING AND OTHER MATTERS
If for any reason any competition is not capable of running as planned as a result of any (including but not limited to) technical failures, unauthorised intervention, computer virus, mobile network failure, tampering, fraud or any other causes beyond our control which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of a competition, we reserve the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Competition and/or any draw/s or judging related to the Competition and/or to disqualify any individual who (whether directly or indirectly) causes (or has caused) the problem.
LEAVE FOR PARTICIPATION
Obtaining time off work and/or study or related activities to participate in a Competition and/or take a prize will be the sole and absolute responsibility of each contestant.
TERMINATION OF COMPETITION
The Promoter may vary the terms of, or terminate, a competition at any time at its absolute discretion without liability to any contestant or other person. The Promoter will not award the prize if the competition is terminated.
DECISIONS FINAL
All our decisions relating to the competition and/or redemption of the prizes are final. No discussions or correspondence with entrants or any other person will be entered into.
Tiebreakers, disputes, conflicts, questions or concerns will be managed by us and, if required by law, by an independent adjudicator.
Where a competition involves voting, the accuracy of the pooled results received and published by us will be deemed to be final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into.
FAILURE TO ENFORCE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
A failure by us to enforce any one of the terms and conditions in any instance(s) will not give rise to any claim or right of action by any entrant or prize winner, nor shall it be deemed to be a waiver of any of our rights in relation to the same.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
Except as specifically set out herein and to the maximum extent permitted by law, all conditions, warranties and representations expressed or implied by law are hereby excluded.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we hereby exclude and shall not have any liability to any entrant or prizewinner in connection with or arising out of any Competition howsoever caused, including for any costs, expenses, forfeited prizes, damages and other liabilities, provided that nothing herein shall operate so as to limit or exclude our liability for personal injury or death caused by our negligence. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 19.2 shall also apply in respect of any prize provided by a third party provider.
In the event that any provision of these General (or any Specific) Terms are held to be illegal, invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be severed from the remaining provisions which shall continue in full force and effect.
LAWS
These General Terms (and any Specific Terms) shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of England and Wales