https://www.carthage.edu/privacy/
Skip to main content
About Carthage
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Individual Privacy
Carthage College supports the protection of individual privacy, and is committed to ensuring the confidentiality of personally identifiable information provided by its employees, students, and visitors.
Information Collected
It is the policy and practice of Carthage College to collect the least amount of personally identifiable information necessary to fulfill its required duties and responsibilities, complete a particular transaction, deliver services, or as required by law. This applies to the collection of all personally identifiable information regardless of source or medium.
Carthage College abides by the regulations of the Family Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), as well as the regulations set forth by General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). As, such, campus practice indicates information provided to the College should only be shared with members of the institution who have a need to know in order to provide services or conduct College business.
Carthage College may share personally identifiable information with other individuals or organizations that provide services to the College. The College requires these third parties to protect personally identifiable information it receives pursuant to this policy and applicable law.
The College will take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access or disclosure. We will not sell, license or trade your personal information to others. We do not provide your personal information to direct marketing companies or other such organizations.
Use of Cookies
Information other than personally identifiable information may be collected from the Internet for website analysis and statistical purposes. Such information may include user visit logs, network traffic logs, and small text files known as “cookies” which are used to assess website activity and maintain a persistent session when you are required to sign in with a username and password. Information collected from the Internet is used to diagnose problems, assess what information is of most interest, determine technical design specifications, and identify system performance and/or problem areas.
Credit Card Payments
It is possible to make credit card payments on our website. Such payments are handled by third party e-commerce firms who have their own privacy statements.
Third Party Websites and Content
Carthage College websites may contain links to other websites owned by third parties as a convenience to the user. If a user decides to use these links, he or she will leave the Carthage website. Carthage College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and does not make any representations or endorsements about them. Users should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which the user navigates away from Carthage College’s websites.
Comments and Feedback
If you have any questions regarding this policy or Carthage’s websites generally, please contact us at privacy@carthage.edu.
About Carthage
About Carthage
Quick Facts
Mission
Location
Campus Map
Our Great Lake
Visiting Campus
Facilities
History
Rankings and Honors
Our Faculty
Meet Your Professors
More Information
Accreditation
Offices and Services
Careers at Carthage
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Request Info
Visit Us
Apply Now
Quick Facts
Carthage is named a Best Midwestern College by The Princeton Review (2020), a designation given to only 25 percent of four-year schools.
The Tower, Carthage’s newest residence hall, provides some of the best views on campus — if not in the Midwest! In addition to #carthageviews of the lake from seven stories up, residents enjoy suite-style living and two floors of shared campus spaces for gaming, cooking, group meetings, or quiet studying. Learn more about all housing options.
You’re going to need brain fuel. Grab a morning coffee and a snack and Starbucks or Einstein Bros. Bagels. Later, meet friends at “The Caf,” where the specials change daily but the staples are constant, or swing through “The Stu” for wings, a burrito, or a sub. A new option, Carthage Cash, even covers some off-campus meals.
More than 90% of Carthage alumni report that they have secured a job or are continuing their studies six months after graduation. Visit The Aspire Center.
91% of employers say critical thinking, communication, and problem-solving skills matter more than your major when it comes to career success. Learn more about how the liberal arts prepare you for a successful career.
Lots of schools wear the four-year label. Carthage stands behind it. More than 90% of Carthage graduates earn their degrees in four years. Learn more
Oscars. Emmys. Tonys. Golden Globes. The playwrights we’ve brought in have them. Each year, the Carthage Theatre Department commissions an original script by a renowned playwright for its New Play Initiative. Carthage students then work with the writer to stage it.
Carthage has ranked as a top Fulbright producer for four of the past five years. Read about Carthage Fulbright winners.
Things look new at Carthage because they are. Our science center, student union, athletic and recreation center, and numerous residence halls have all been constructed or newly renovated in the last 15 years.
Carthage offers majors, minors, and concentrations in more than 50 areas of study, from marketing to neuroscience, nursing to music theatre.
Our Summer Undergraduate Research Experience offers select students a research budget, one-on-one mentoring with a professor, and 10 weeks of analyzing, deciphering — and getting paid.
So the lake is kind of a focal point, but there’s a lot more to love about our campus — like the fact that our more than 80-acre campus is also an arboretum and wildlife sanctuary. Focused on keeping campus lush forever, we plant between 50 and 75 new trees every year from a variety of species.
Carthage was founded in 1847. That’s more than 170 years of leaders, makers, and go-getters going out and going forth. Read more about Carthage’s rich history.
Our athletes rank up some impressive stats. So does our fitness center. The N. E. Tarble Athletic and Recreation Center (better known as the TARC), is home to a 16-lane swimming pool, 200-meter indoor track, two racquetball courts, an indoor rock climbing wall, and a 5,000-square-foot fitness center.
Carthage fields 24 NCAA Division III sports, including basketball, football, lacrosse, volleyball, and water polo. Our varsity teams play in the College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin — regularly taking home hardware from one of the nation’s toughest Division III conferences.
More than 90 percent of students receive financial aid. Carthage awards more than $20 million in scholarship and grant assistance. That includes $5.5 million in competitive scholarships in business, mathematics, science, languages, the fine arts, leadership, and overall academic strength. Learn what’s available.
Abraham Lincoln was an early Trustee of the College, and U.S. Secretary of State John Hay was a Carthage alum. The two still have a proud place on our campus. Spend some time with them in our Sesquicentennial Plaza. On warm days you’ll find professors leading their classes here.
Come to Carthage; hear yourself think — think … think …
Legend has it that Sesquicentennial Plaza holds a perfect echo. Just stand with both your feet on the “1847,” face Straz, and start talking. “You’re the only one who can hear you, but you’ll be crystal clear,” promises English and theatre alumna Mikaley Osley.
Our Great Lake provides Carthage students with some amazing views. Think classes on the beach, lake views from the lab, and sunrises from your dorm room. “I love waking up in the morning with the sun shining off the lake. Nothing compares to the view in the morning,” recalls biology and neuroscience major Ann O’Leary.
Carthage awards up to 35 Presidential Scholarships each year, which range from $22,000 up to full tuition. Learn more.
For a full decade, NASA has selected Carthage students to conduct research aboard its zero-gravity aircraft. Lately, the stakes have risen. A team of underclassmen is grinding to prepare a tiny but powerful Earth-imaging satellite for launch to the International Space Station. Learn more about the space sciences at Carthage
Carthage is the only college or university in the Midwest where every freshman takes a full-year sequence of foundational texts of the Western intellectual tradition. Learn about Intellectual Foundations.
With a student-faculty ratio of 13:1, your professors will know who you are. They will also know who you want to be — and how to get you there. Meet our faculty.
There are more than 130 student organizations on campus, from Amnesty International to Fencing to Frisbee, Chem Club to Stand Up Comedy. See how easy it is to get involved.
True story: There are more than 27 art galleries, a dozen museums, and nine theatres within 25 miles of Carthage. Some highlights: The nationally recognized Racine Art Museum, the world-renowned Art Institute of Chicago, and the Milwaukee Art Museum. Learn more about our location.
What’s better than one professor? Two professors. What’s better than two professors? Two professors from totally different fields teaching a single class. There’s debate. Discussion. Differing perspectives. This is where the magic happens. That’s why every student takes a Carthage Symposium.
You can’t hide here — not with only 17 other students in the classroom with you. That’s going to be rough some mornings. But later, when you’re able to argue your point of view thoughtfully, express your opinions succinctly, and meet challenges head-on, without fear … Yep, you’ll thank us.
Carthage is ranked No. 3 in the country for student participation in short-term study abroad. Every J-Term, hundreds of students travel all over the world on faculty-led study tours. Imagine a month in Sweden, Rome, Cuba, Senegal, India, Japan …
Previous
Next
Carthage College
2001 Alford Park Drive
Kenosha, WI 53140
262-551-8500
Contact Carthage
Virtual Tour | Map and Directions
Visit Us
Apply Now
Request Info
Social Media Center
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
UStream
LinkedIn
Flickr
Merit
Carthage College © | Privacy Policy