http://www.gsis.ac.in/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - Good Shepherd International School
0423-2551 000 / 100
Gallery
Career
Fee Payment
Parent Login
Alumni
Home
School
Founder Principal’s Message
Vision | Mission | Definitions of Global Citizenship & Internationalism
objectives
School System
School Policies
Rules and Regulations
Academics
Programmes
Summer Orientation Programme
Results
Scholarships
Career Guidance & Counseling
University Placements
Infrastructure
Facilities
Technology Integration
Other Amenities
Residential Life
Co Curricular
Sports & Games
Performing Arts
Uniformed Gentry
Adventure Sports
Youth Leadership Programs
Admission
Procedure
Online Registration
Registration Form
Publications
Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: March 1, 2016
Good Shepherd International School (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the website and the Gsis mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect the following information to provide and improve our Service to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
PERSONAL DATA
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
TRACKING & COOKIES DATA
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
USE OF DATA
Gsis App uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To monitor the usage of the Service
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Gsis will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
Gsis may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Gsis
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://gsis.ac.in/privacy-policy
Good Shepherd Knowledge Village,
M.Palada Post,
Ootacamund – 643 004
Tamil Nadu, India.
0423-2551000
0423-2551100
info@gsis.ac.in
Quick Links
Library OPAC
ManageBac
Atlas Rubicon (Teachers)
Atlas Rubicon (Parents)
BridgeU
First In Math
American Mathematics Contest (AMC)
International Student Assessment (ISA)
Measures of Academic Progress (MAP)
Our Websites
Dr.P.C. Thomas
GSFS
Shepherdian
Good Shepherd International School © 2020. Al rights reserved.
Disclaimer Policy
Privacy Policy
Powered by Claritaz
Features
About
Portfolio
Services
Testimonials
Clients
Team
Contact