https://www.wingluke.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This site is owned and operated by Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience (The Wing).Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At The Wing, we want to make your experienceonline satisfying and safe. This privacy policy explains generally what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances it might be shared outside The Wing.
By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the website. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our website and our affiliate sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply only to information gathered through this website and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered off-line.
INFORMATION THE WING GATHERS
We collect and store information that you provide on the website, such as name, address and other contactinformation. This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process orders, to send order and donation confirmations, and to provide customer service. Registration may alsobe required and personal information may also be collected in certain portions of the website in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information, e.g. customer service requests. Some of this information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new site features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this website.
We do not, however, collect and store credit card information. That information is encrypted and sent to a third party vendor that also does not store the information.
Electronic Newsletters
We offer a free electronic newsletter to users. The Wing gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time ofregistration. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something weare doing.
“E-mail this to a friend”
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking “e-mail this to a friend”. The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information isused only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
The Wing may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our
funders and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
On occasion, we trade our mailing lists with like-minded nonprofit organizations. You may instruct us to not allow such contact on our membership and donation forms. You can also opt out of this trade at any time by contacting us at donation@wingluke.org or 206.623.5124 ext 106. We do not sell, rent or share our contact information with commercial businesses.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. The Wing uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our system delivers a one-time cookie to better track impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums,polling and surveys.
USAGE TRACKING/USE OF INFORMATION
The Wing tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with dataabout individual users. The Wing does break down overall usage
statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don’t track which terms a particular user enters.
The Wing may create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns. We will not disclose anyinformation about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect thepersonal safety of our users or the public.
The Wing uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit user needs, help us better understand our audience’s demographics and to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF THE WING
We sometimes use third parties to help us operate the website, and in doing so such third parties might have access to user information in order to carry out their services to us. In addition, The Wing may disclose user information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required by law. We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interfering with our rights or property, other users ofthe website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities
CHILDREN
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
SECURITY
The Wing operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
LINKS
This website may contain links to other websites operated by affiliates of The Wing or third parties. Please beadvised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not apply to information gathered through these other web sites. These other sites may also send their own cookies to you, collect your data or solicit your personal information. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit.
GOVERNING LAW/ASSIGNMENT
Our website is published in the United States and is intended for users from the United States. The laws of Washington State shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or other concerns.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Wing retains the right to revise this policy, in whole or in part, at any time. Your use of the website or any content or services after any particular revision of this policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us:
Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience
719 S. King St.
Seattle, WA 98104
206.623.5124
IT@wingluke.org