http://www.usi.edu/web/privacy/
Web Services
Web Services
USI Data Collection and Privacy Statement
Web Services
fa-caret-down
fa-home
Web Services
Web Team
Web Publishing Tips
fa-caret-right
Training
Best Practices
Accessibility
fa-caret-right
Employee Listing Macro
Employee Listing Macro FAQ
Entering Faculty Hours and Coursework
Embedding a YouTube Video
fa-caret-right
University Calendar
Instructions for Submitting Events
fa-caret-right
Faculty Websites
Logging In and Out
Formatting Content
Creating Subpages with the Actions Menu
Creating Your Side Navigation
Using the Media Library
Adding Images to a Page
Linking to Documents
Quick Tour
Faculty/Staff Directory and Lists
Faculty Schedule and Office Hours Portal
USI Data Collection and Privacy Statement
Analytics - CNHP
USI Data Collection and Privacy Statement
The University of Southern Indiana (USI) wants your USI Websites and Mobile applications experience to be as satisfying and safe as possible. Your privacy is of utmost importance to USI.
USI Data Collection and Privacy Statement
The University of Southern Indiana ("University") is committed to respecting your privacy. This statement seeks to educate users of its websites, mobile apps, web forms, paper forms, surveys, the types of personal information we collect, and how the information is used and protected. This notice applies to all information collected by or submitted to official University of Southern Indiana websites, online forms, and surveys. Your continued use of the University’s websites, mobile apps and/or completion of University online or paper forms, or surveys implies your acceptance of this statement.
Your use of University websites or mobile apps is completely voluntary and authorizes USI to collect and use your submitted information according to this policy. In order to keep you aware of what information USI collects, how USI uses it, and under what circumstances USI discloses it, USI will post to this page any update to USI's privacy policy. You are responsible to return to this page from time to time, including when accepting any University website or mobile apps update, to verify whether USI has updated this policy.
The USI Data Collection and Privacy Statement applies to anyone who provides personal data to USI via paper forms, email, electronic forms, surveys conducted by USI and/or uses the University websites or mobile apps.
Personal Information
The University does not collect any personal information unless you choose to provide such information by way of email, a paper form or online means including surveys, mobile apps, admission applications, or online forms.
For USI Students and Employees only: To access personal information from university records, sign in to myUSI or USI Mobile with your myUSI username and password. MyUSI and USI Mobile encrypts the information in transmission. You may choose to stay signed in, but USI recommends that You sign out when finished, especially if others can get access to your device. Closing the web browser or mobile app does not automatically end your authentication status.
How USI Shares and Discloses Data Collected
User information may be shared by USI with third parties that provide services related to the USI academic mission, such as processing applications. USI may also share information collected as required by Indiana law or federal regulations or as part of effort to prevent or address security, technical, or fraud issues. Personal data may also be released when necessary to protect rights, property or safety.
The State of Indiana statutes govern the University of Southern Indiana’s privacy and public record obligations as stated in the Indiana Access to Public Records Act Ind. Code § 5-14-1.5-1 et seq. as well as any applicable U.S. Federal laws.
The University complies with federal and state laws regarding privacy, including the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which prohibit the release of educational records without student permission. For further information regarding FERPA please refer to the Registrar website. In addition to the FERPA, there may be instances in which the University would be required to disclose information about visitors pursuant to state or federal regulations.
Information Automatically Logged / Collected
When visitors access University websites or mobile apps, the University servers automatically collect the Internet protocol ("IP") address, date, time, page accessed, browser type, and technical information about your devices and preferences. The University uses the IP address to help diagnose problems with its server and to administer its websites and mobile apps. The date and time are used to track the load on the server and peak usage times. The University records the browser type to monitor market penetration of various web browsers so the University can better determine what Internet technologies it should utilize in the design of its pages.
Cookies
The University website may use cookies (small files which are stored on your computer) to understand and save your preferences for future web site visits. Cookies also compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. This information is used to better understand and ultimately improve University websites and mobile apps experience and tools. You may opt to block the installation of cookies by University websites, but this may reduce the functionality of University websites or mobile apps. USI uses Google Custom Search for website searching. USI search results do not contain ads and do not generate ad-related cookies. Google does use cookies to identify what website the user is on when performing a search and to track user preferences and search history.
Security
The University websites and mobile apps have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under its control. Log file access is restricted to system administrators while stored on the server. User and password information, if requested, is encrypted before it is transmitted across the network. USI has in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect and secure the information collected to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information. Please refer to USI Information Security Policy for more information.
Visitor Privacy Expectations
As technology is ever changing, the University cannot guarantee that the information visitors transmit over the internet is completely secure. The University makes every effort to protect the privacy of its visitors, however, the University cannot guarantee the security of information that visitors transmit over its websites or mobile apps and visitors transmit such information at their own risk.
Google Analytics
The University uses Google Analytics to track website statistics. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. The University uses the analytic data to understand how visitors are using the websites and guide improvements to enhance content delivery and user experience. Read more about Google’s policies, procedures, and opt-out opportunities by visiting Google Analytics.
External Links
Many pages within the University website feature links to external websites. The University is in no way responsible for the content, availability or privacy practices of external websites to which the University websites or mobile apps may link. Visitors should be aware that third party websites are not bound by the University’s Policy and third party websites may or may not have privacy policies in place to protect visitor information. The University cannot control how third parties may use personal information visitors disclose to them, so visitors should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website before using it or disclosing personal information to the provider.
Additional Information
For information about acceptable computer use policies regarding the use of the campus computer network and computers, please see the University’s Data Communication and Computer Use Policy.
Policy Changes
The University may make changes to its Policy to comply with necessary legal and regulatory requirements, or in instances where the University upgrades or alters its technological services. The University recommends visitors review its Policy occasionally to familiarize themselves with any such changes or alterations.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this Statement should not be construed as providing any legal, business, or other advice, or as warranting the security of the information visitors transmit through the University websites or mobile apps. The University makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, about the content or accuracy of information contained on the University’s website or the security of information transmitted by visitors via the University’s website and expressly disclaims the same.
Choice of Law
The resolution of any disputes concerning this Statement are governed by the laws of the State of Indiana. The laws of the State of Indiana shall apply to all uses of the information and content on the University’s website.
Questions and Reporting Procedures
If you have a question or concern about the privacy and protection of your personal information, please contact USI IT Security.
Contact
Web Services
fas fa-envelope Email
31203