http://www.umd.edu/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Search
Inside UMD
News & Events
Admissions
Support UMD
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
HomePrivacy Notice Privacy Notice
Overview
The University of Maryland recognizes and values the privacy of university community members and its guests and strives to be leaders and set the standard in which we manage personal information.
In principle, the University of Maryland strives to:
Collect, store, and use the minimum amount of personal information necessary for its legitimate business purposes, and to comply with legal obligations.
Take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information managed is accurate and up-to-date.
Limit who has access to personal information in our possession to only those who need it for a legitimate, specific purpose.
Protect personal information through appropriate physical and technical security measures tailored to the sensitivity of the personal data we hold. Communicate with our students, faculty, employees, suppliers, partners, and others about how we use personal information in our day-to-day operations.
Transparency is one of our core principles for using personal information for the purposes for which it was collected
Provide opportunities to control personal information, as permitted by applicable United States and other laws.
Integrate privacy in the design of our activities when that involves the use of personal data.
Scope
This scope of this notice applies to our practices for gathering and disseminating information related to the University of Maryland main website (umd.edu). It is meant to provide an overview of our activities that require the processing of personal information and our approach to protecting privacy. Please be advised that specific schools, departments, units, clubs, and other groups may have specific privacy notices for their activities related to their collection and processing of your personal information.
Our Accountability
At the University of Maryland, we strive to appropriately manage, secure, and keep private and confidential the personal data entrusted to us.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries or requests, please write to umd-privacy@umd.edu.
In order to be able to reply to requests for the exercise of rights, and if we are not certain of your identity, we may need to ask you for further identification data to be used only for the purposes of replying to your request.
Collection & Use of Information
Security & Retention of Information
European Union Residents
COPPA
FERPA Privacy
Administration
Alumni Association
Diversity & Inclusion
Emergency Management
History & Mission
HEOA/Consumer Information (FAQs)
Maryland Merchandise
MPowering the State
Rankings and Fast Facts
Sustainability
UMD Commitment to Student Athletes
Virtual Tour
Visitors, Parents and Families
About
The University of Maryland, College Park is the state's flagship university and one of the nation's preeminent public research universities. A global leader in research, entrepreneurship and innovation, the university is home to more than 41,000 students, 14,000 faculty and staff, and 388,000 alumni all dedicated to the pursuit of Fearless Ideas. Located just outside Washington, D.C., we discover and share new knowledge every day through our renowned research enterprise and programs in academics, the arts and athletics. And we are committed to social entrepreneurship as the nation’s first “Do Good” campus.
DO GOOD
Introducing The Nation's First Do Good Campus Transforming Idealism into Impact
Academic Calendar
Teaching & Learning Transformation Center
College Park Scholars
Global Maryland
Honors College
Libraries
Majors and Minors
Office of Extended Studies
Provost
Registrar
Special Academic Programs
Testudo (Student Portal)
Undergraduate Catalog
Academics
Spanning 12 schools and colleges, Maryland offers more than 200 degree-granting programs, many of them ranked among the best in the country. Our faculty includes three Nobel laureates, two Pulitzer Prize winners, 60 members of the national academies and scores of Fulbright scholars. And our students, who include the highest achievers in the state and nation, enjoy experiences unique to our location just outside the nation’s capital, including internships, research, and leadership and service opportunities.
Schools and Colleges
Agriculture and Natural Resources
Architecture, Planning and Preservation
Arts and Humanities
Behavioral and Social Sciences
Business (Robert H. Smith)
Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences
Education
Engineering (A. James Clark)
Graduate School
Journalism (Philip Merrill)
Information Studies
Public Health
Public Policy
Undergraduate Studies
Academy for Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Colleges and Schools
Division of Research
FIRE: The First-Year Innovation & Research Experience
Innovation Gateway
Research and Innovation
The University of Maryland is one of the world’s premier research institutions. With our strategic location and scores of partnerships with government and businesses, UMD conducts groundbreaking research on some of the biggest challenges facing our global community, including cybersecurity and terrorism, bioengineering, public health equity, food safety and climate change. We strive to discover new knowledge and put it to work through innovation and entrepreneurship, advancing economic development and transforming lives.
The newly launched Innovation Gateway will guide you to the resources, programs, partners, and spaces you need to activate and scale your fearless ideas into innovations that launch new ventures, catalyze growth, and advance economic development.
College of Arts and Humanities
School of Music
School of Theatre, Dance, and Performance Studies
The Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center
Michelle Smith Performing Arts Library
School of Architecture, Planning & Preservation
University of Maryland Center for Art and Knowledge at The Phillips Collection
David C. Driskell Center
DeVos Institute of Arts Management
Galleries
The Art & Learning Center at Stamp
Arts
At the University of Maryland, the arts, the humanities and the sciences intersect to address important societal issues and shed new light on the human experience. Our vibrant campus arts community collaborates with local and national cultural organizations such as the Phillips Collection, Kennedy Center and Folger Shakespeare Library. Student and faculty artists, designers, historians, writers and performers are exploring new media, presenting new perspectives, investigating new techniques and engaging new audiences.
Events
December 11
8:00pm
- 10:00pm
Festival of Nine Lessons & Carols
December 31
7:00pm
December 31
7:00pm
December 31
7:00pm
Intercollegiate Athletics
University of Maryland Golf Course
University Recreation and Wellness
Athletics
Home of the Terrapins, the University of Maryland has one of the nation’s most recognizable and successful athletics programs. More than 550 student-athletes compete each year in 20 intercollegiate sports—12 for women and eight for men. Since 2005 alone, Maryland has won 19 national championships, including NCAA titles in women’s basketball, men’s soccer, men's lacrosse, women’s lacrosse, and field hockey. Since joining the Big Ten Conference in 2014, UMD has won a combined 32 regular season and tournament championships. Fear the Turtle!
Our Commitment to Student-Athletes
At the University of Maryland, our commitment to the safety and well-being of our students is paramount and resolute. For our student-athletes, that means both on and off the field.
The University of Maryland is committed to accountability, transparency, and fairness and is working to ensure our program upholds the values of our University.Learn more about our commitment.
Book Center
Career Center
Counseling Center
Dining Services
Fraternity and Sorority Life
Health Center
Memorial Chapel
Off-Campus Housing
Resident Life
Stamp Student Union
Student Affairs
Student Clubs
Transportation Services
University Recreation and Wellness
Student Life
The Terp experience extends beyond classrooms, labs and studios. It encompasses residence halls and dining halls, clubs and sports, fraternities and sororities, campus events and performances, and countless off-campus destinations. Maryland touts 800-plus student organizations, dozens of prestigious living and learning communities, and countless other ways to get involved. Students here can create a unique identity and grow as individuals, even as they’re part of a close-knit and diverse community.
Latest information on Coronavirus
Calendar
Directories
Map
On Campus
UMD Reflects / University Gathers Resources, Provides Updates And Takes Action To Combat Hate
Read More
Campus Alerts
Campus Calendar
Resources for News Media
Terp Magazine
UMD Right Now
We Are UMD
Weather Alerts
News & Events
News
Latest news at Maryland Today
For media releases visit UMD Right Now
Coronavirus Updates:
We have worked diligently to develop and enhance plans for reopening our campus while prioritizing the health and safety of our community members. Hundreds of faculty, staff and students have collaborated in work-groups and teams to create and maintain a physically distant, yet academically and socially rich environment for the fall semester. Our plans continue to be coordinated with state and county health officials, with additional guidance provided by the University System of Maryland. Latest 4 Maryland Updates
Events
December 11
9:00am
- 10:30am
Creative Virtual Events Workshop
December 11
12:00pm
- 12:30pm
Physically Distant, Virtually Connected: Community and Support Space
December 11
3:00pm
- 3:50pm
Bias Incident Support Services Director Candidate Presentation #4
All Events
Admissions
Terps are bold, smart, curious and proud. We do good, in our communities and out in the world. We are fearless. And we are always looking to expand our ranks. Interested in becoming a University of Maryland student? This is where to start.
Undergraduate Admissions
Requirements
Frequently Asked Questions
90+ Undergraduate Majors
Graduate Admissions
Admissions Process
Graduate Programs
Financial Aid
Visit
Contact Us
Search
Search keyword or phrase
Campus Resources
Accessibility
Campus Calendar
Campus Map
Directories
Human Resources
Policies and Procedures
Student Resources
Academic Calendar
Registrar
Testudo (Student Portal)
Technical Support
Change Password
Division of IT
Get IT Support
Maryland Promise Scholarship
Support Our Students
Support the Clark Challenge for the Maryland Promise Scholarship and double your impact through the Clark Challenge
Give Now
×