http://www.dyc.edu/academics/registrar/ferpa-privacy-policy.aspx
Back To TopSkip to main content
Academics
Registrar
FERPA Privacy Policy
FERPA Privacy Policy
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 ("FERPA"), as amended, is a
federal law regarding the privacy of education records and the obligations of the
institution, primarily related to the release of education records and access provided
to education records. Generally the law provides that, with certain exceptions, no
education records may be released without prior written consent from the student to
which they pertain. The law also mandates that students be provided access to their
own education records for purposes of inspection and review.
D'Youville students or parents, as provided by statute, may review any official records,
files and data directly related to themselves that are on file with the registrar's
office or in the  Office of Career and Professional Engagement. The files available
include identifying data, academic work completed, grades, family background information,
references, ratings and/or observations. (References, ratings and/ or observations
completed before Jan. 1, 1975 or that are older than seven years are not available
to students.)
Requests to see the aforementioned materials should be made in writing to the registrar
or the director of the Career and Professional Development center, respectively. The
records, files and/or data will be made available no later than 45 days from the time
the written request is received. Student records, files, and data will be made available
to other individuals or agencies outside of the institution only after the student
concerned has authorized the release of the information. However, the following are
exceptions:
Authorized officials (e.g., officials of other schools in which the student seeks
to enroll);
Accrediting organizations;
In the case of an emergency, if the knowledge of such information is necessary to
protect the health and safety of the student or other persons.
The following, however, is considered directory information: the student's name, address,
telephone listing, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in
officially recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic
teams, dates of attendance, degrees and awards received, and the most recent previous
educational agency or institution attended by the student. This information may be
released by D'Youville without the consent of the student unless the student has specifically
requested in writing that his or her consent be obtained beforehand. Directory information
will not be made available to the party requesting it unless the appropriate administrative
officer of D'Youville has considered and approved the request.
A student or parent, as provided by statute, may request in writing a review of information
that may be inaccurate and/or misleading. The review will be conducted by an appropriate
D'Youville administrative officer who does not have a direct interest in the outcome.
According to FERPA, information contained in the educational records of students who
are 18 years of age or enrolled in post-secondary institutions may be sent to the
parents without the written consent of the student only if the student is a financial
dependent of the parents. (The term dependent is defined in section 152 of the Internal
Revenue Code as an individual [son, daughter, stepson or stepdaughter of a taxpayer]
who receives over half of his/her support from the taxpayer during the given calendar
year.)
A school official is a person employed by D'Youville in an administrative, supervisory,
academic or research, or support staff position (including law enforcement unit personnel
and health staff); contractors, consultants, volunteers and other outside parties
to whom the institution has outsourced institutional services or functions instead
of using D'Youville employees or officials (such as an attorney, auditor, or collection
agent); a person serving on the Board of Trustees; or a student serving on an official
committee, such as a disciplinary or grievance committee, or assisting another school
official in performing his or her tasks.
Identifying a person as a "school official" does not automatically grant him or her
unlimited access to education records. The existence of a legitimate educational interest
may need to be determined on a case-by-case basis. D'Youville constitutes a legitimate
educational interest as the following:
The information requested is necessary for that official to perform appropriate tasks
that are specified in his or her position description or by a contract agreement.
The information is to be used within the context of official agency or school business
and not for purposes extraneous to the official’s areas of responsibility or to the
agency or school.
The information is relevant to the accomplishment of some task or to a determination
about the student.
The information is to be used consistently with the purposes for which the data are
maintained.
It is important to understand several points related to "legitimate educational interest:"
Curiosity is not a legitimate educational interest. Just because you have access to
ISIS and are able to view the record of your neighbor's son, does not mean that you
have a legitimate educational interest in his grades and cumulative GPA.
Simply the fact that you are a employee does not constitute legitimate educational
interest. Your need to know must be related to your job responsibilities in support
of the institution's educational mission. In other words, records should be used only
in the context of official business in conjunction with the educational success of
the student.
Your legitimate educational interest is limited. While you may have a need to access
education records for students in your department, you do not necessarily have a similar
need to view records of students outside your department. In other words, access to
information does not authorize unrestricted use.
Education records are all records that contain personally identifiable information
directly related to a student and that are maintained by D'Youville. Education records
may be recorded and stored in any way, including: paper records, electronic records,
handwriting, print, computer media, video or audio tape, film, microfilm, microfiche,
and digital images.
Education records do not include the following:
Personal knowledge and personal observations.
Sole possession records – records kept in the sole possession of the maker, which
are used only as a personal memory aid, and are not shared with or accessible by any
other person.
Law enforcement records – records created and maintained by D'Youville's campus security
department for law enforcement purposes.
Employment records – records pertaining only to a student's employment with D'Youville
relating only to his or her capacity as an employee.
Alumni records – records created or received after a student is no longer in attendance
at D'Youville and unrelated to the student’s attendance as a student.
Peer grades – grades on peer-graded papers and assessments before they are collected
and recorded by a teacher.
Treatment records – records maintained by medical professionals and shared with other
medical professionals for purposes of providing medical treatment to the student.
Education records may not be released without prior written consent from the student
to which they pertain. Such written consent must be dated and signed by the student,
and must specify the records to be released, the reasons for which they may be released,
and to whom the records may be released.
Consent to disclose student records is not required under the following circumstances:
Where the disclosure is of directory information, as that term is defined below.
Where the disclosure is made to the parents of dependent students. Prior to making
such a disclosure, however, you must confirm with the Registrar’s office that the
student is in fact a dependent.
Where the disclosure is to school officials with legitimate educational interests,
as those terms are defined below.
Where the disclosure is to appropriate parties in a health or safety emergency. Appropriate
parties may include: law enforcement officials, public health and safety officials,
medical professional and personnel, or parents.
Where the disclosure is to officials of another school in which the student seeks
or intends to enroll or is enrolled.
Where the disclosure is in connection with financial aid for which the student has
applied, received or is receiving.
Where the disclosure is made to accrediting organizations.
Where the disclosure is made to officials conducting studies for or on behalf of D'Youville.
Where the disclosure is to authorized government representatives responsible for supervising
the institution’s State-supported education programs.
Where the disclosure is made to comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena.
Where the disclosure is made to a victim of an alleged perpetrator of a crime of violence
or a non-forcible sex offense, regarding the final results of a disciplinary proceeding
concerning such offense.
Where the disclosure is made to the general public, regarding the final results of
a disciplinary proceeding, if the school determines the student is an alleged perpetrator
of a crime of violence or non-forcible sex offense, and the student has committed
a violation of the school's rules or policies.
Where the disclosure is made to parents of a student regarding the student's violation
of any Federal, State, or local law, or of any rule or policy of the school, governing
the use or possession of alcohol or a controlled substance if the school determines
the student committed a disciplinary violation and the student is under the age of
21.
If you disclose personally identifiable information from a student's education records
pursuant to one of the above FERPA exceptions, you normally must first inform the
recipient of the information that it cannot re-disclose the information without the
student's consent, and that it may only use the information for the purpose for which
the disclosure was made.
You must also maintain a written record of each request for access to, and each release
of personally identifiable information from a student's education record, which includes
that name of the requester and recipient of the information, the legitimate interests
they had in the information, and, in the case of a "health or safety emergency," a
description of the perceived threat. A written record does not need to be maintained
for disclosures made pursuant to the following FERPA exceptions:
Disclosures to school officials with legitimate educational interests.
Disclosures made with the student’s written consent.
Disclosures of directory information, so long as the student has not opted-out.
Disclosures in connection with a grand jury or other law enforcement subpoena.
Directory Information
The following is considered directory information: the student's name, address, telephone
listing, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially
recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams,
dates of attendance, degrees and awards received, and the most recent previous educational
agency or institution attended by the student.
Please note that students may opt-out of the disclosure of directory information.
If a student chooses to opt-out of such disclosure, the institution may not disclose
such information, other than within classes in which the student is enrolled or where
a FERPA exception applies, without the student's written consent.
School Official
A school official is a person employed by D'Youville in an administrative, supervisory,
academic or research, or support staff position (including law enforcement unit personnel
and health staff); contractors, consultants, volunteers and other outside parties
to whom the institution has outsourced institutional services or functions instead
of using D'Youville employees or officials (such as an attorney, auditor, or collection
agent); a person serving on the Board of Trustees; or a student serving on an official
committee, such as a disciplinary or grievance committee, or assisting another school
official in performing his or her tasks.
Legitimate Educational Interest
Identifying a person as a "school official" does not automatically grant him or her
unlimited access to education records. The existence of a legitimate educational interest
may need to be determined on a case-by-case basis.
A school official has a legitimate educational interest if the official needs to review
an education record in order to fulfill his or her professional responsibilities for
D'Youville. In general, the school official's access to an education record should
be limited to the information in the record that is necessary for the official to
fulfill his or her professional responsibilities. Further, the information must be
used within the context of official agency or school business and not for purposes
extraneous to the official's areas of responsibility or to the agency or school.
It is important to understand several points related to the term "legitimate educational
interest:"
Curiosity is not a legitimate educational interest. Just because you have access to
ISIS and are able to view the record of any student, it does not mean that you necessarily
have a legitimate educational interest in viewing his/her grades, cumulative GPA or
any other protected information.
Simply the fact that you are a college employee does not constitute legitimate educational
interest. Your need to know must be related to your job responsibilities in support
of the D'Youville's educational mission. In other words, records should be used only
in the context of official business in conjunction with the educational success of
the student.
Your legitimate educational interest is limited. While you may have a need to access
education records for students in your school or department, you do not necessarily
have a similar need to view records of students outside your college. In other words,
access to information does not authorize unrestricted use.
The information is to be used consistently with the purposes for which the data are
maintained
FERPA gives D'Youville students the right to inspect and review their own education
records. Should you receive a student request for access to his or her education records,
such access must be provided within 45 days of the request. You must also provide
a timely response to any reasonable requests for explanations and/or interpretations
of the records requested. You do not have to provide students with copies of requested
education records, unless providing copies is necessary so as not to effectively prevent
the student from inspecting and reviewing the record.
A student may also request, in writing, the amendment of information in the student’s
education records that may be inaccurate, misleading or otherwise in violation of
FERPA. The review of the record will be conducted by an appropriate D'Youville administrative
officer who does not have a direct interest in the outcome. If the college decides
not to amend the record as requested, it will notify the student, in writing, of its
decision. The student is entitled to challenge the decision not to amend an education
record through the institution's formal grievance procedure.
Writing a letter of recommendation may require express, written permission from the
student to allow you: (1) to access the student's education records and (2) to disclose
information from the student's education records to a third party.
Letters of recommendation containing student personally identifiable information and
maintained by D'Youville are education records subject to FERPA's review and inspection
requirements. Students are entitled to review recommendation letters pertaining to
them, unless they have waived the right to such review, in writing.
Disposing of FERPA Protected Information
There is no requirement under FERPA that D'Youville maintain education records. However,
when disposing of confidential education records (such as tests, papers, class rosters,
transcripts, grade reports), please be sure to shred them or place them in a receptacle
intended for the collection of material to be disposed of in a secure manner.
View FERPA Frequently Asked Questions
Guide for Retention and Disposal of Student Records (PDF)
Contact Information
If you have any FERPA related questions or concerns please contact Daryl Smith in
the D'Youville Office of the Registrar.
Office of the Registrar D'Youville 320 Porter Avenue Buffalo, NY 14201 716-829-7623smithd@dyc.edu