http://www.alvernia.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Utility Navigation
Login
Give
Visit
Apply
Personas
Resources For
Prospective Students
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents & Families
Community Engagement
Alumni
Main navigation
About
Mission
A Franciscan Tradition
Locations
Rankings & Facts
History
News & Events
Real World Learning
University Information
The Alvernia Advantage
President
Admissions & Aid
Apply
Undergraduate
Graduate
Adult Education
Financial Aid
Tuition
Title IX
Academics
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Accelerated Adult Education
Online Programs
Employer Partnerships
Community Leadership
Seniors College
Library
Student Life
Residence Life & Dining
Clubs & Activities
Study Abroad
Bookstore
Mission & Ministry
Athletics
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Alvernia University values the privacy of ourwebsite visitors and we do not sell visitor names or other information to third parties. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website collects information. Here are the kinds of data we collect and why.
Personally Identifiable Data
Personally identifiable data may include names, birth dates, social security numbers, credit card numbers, addresses and more. All personally identifiable data is collected via secure forms which you, the website user, knowingly supply. We collect this type of data for purposes such as scheduling admissions visits, event registrations, donations to the college, and bookstore purchases. The information collected is not provided to third parties.
Anonymous Data
Anonymous data is collected automatically and is not used to identify individuals. We collect this data to gain a better understanding about how visitors use our website, to help diagnose problems and improve service, to track which parts of the site are most visited, and to measure the kind of information visitors are interested in receiving.  This information is collected through a variety of methodsincluding scripts, cookies and log files.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files automatically stored in a user’s browser when a website is visited. Alvernia University uses cookies to help improve the online experience of site visitors by monitoring how they navigate the site and access certain functions. Cookies are also used to record user-specific information on pages accessed or visited, or to customize webpage content based on browser type or device. While these cookies are able to monitor visitor activity, they are not able to retrieve any information that has not already been provided by a visitor. If you do not want to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or may set your browser to ask before accepting a new cookie. Some pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off.
Security
Alvernia University follows security measures, to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Consent
By visiting the websites of Alvernia University, you consent to the collection and use of both personally identifiable and anonymous data as described above. Where appropriate users are given the option to opt-out of future communications. Alvernia University reserves the right to modify this document at any time.