http://www.foreignborn.com/privacy.htm
Search
Ask a Visa & Immigration Lawyer
Online Now
Type your specific visa or immigration question here...
letters left
OR... Find a Visa & Immigration Lawyer to Represent You -- Click Here »
A Service of       The National Association of Foreign-Born
Browse Our Guides:Visa & Immigration and Others »
USCIS Case Status  |  USCIS Forms
US Visa Wait Times  |  US Embassies
foreignborn.com >
Related Articles
Terms of Use
About Foreignborn.com
Contact Foreignborn.com
SEARCH
Share This Article:
About Foreignborn.com
Click for Overview | See Related Articles box for more topics »
Your Privacy Matters to Us
Foreignborn.com Privacy Statement
THIS ARTICLE
For additional information, see our Terms of Use
This statement discloses the privacy practices for our entire website.
Foreignborn.com may collect personal information from you (name, postal address, email address, and other data) during registration for the foreignborn.com service, from our use of "cookie" technology and IP-address logging as you use the service, during entry into a contest or sweepstakes, from your participation in optional online surveys, or otherwise. We may exchange some of this information with business partners who offer co-branded services as part of foreignborn.com. The information you provide allows us to inform you about updates to the service and to notify you of products and services of foreignborn.com, its affiliates, and third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. As part of the registration process, we will give you the opportunity to decline to receive any mailings from foreignborn.com and other companies to whom we may provide such information.
The data we may collect from cookies and IP addresses gives us demographic information about the entire foreignborn.com audience, which we will use to improve the foreignborn.com service. We may also share aggregate information -- not individual data -- with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
If we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so, or that it is necessary to protect the rights or property of foreignborn.com or our users, foreignborn.com also may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us .
Any information that you email to our staff will be treated in the same manner as that collected by us. Please note that email is not encrypted and may be intercepted by third parties. Any information posted to our website is not private and is governed by the Terms of Use.
Foreignborn.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to third parties we believe to be responsible. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information.
Foreignborn.com also links to a wide variety of other sites and contains advertisements and resources of third parties. These third parties may collect personally identifiable information about you and treat this information differently than we do. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
You may correct your member information or select the option not to receive foreignborn.com mailings. If you have questions, you should direct them to the foreignborn.com site privacy coordinator.
Guides from Our Sponsors
Home   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy   |   About   |   Link to Us   |   Advertise   |   Contact Us
Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by our Terms of Use. The information provided in this site is not legal advice, is intended to provide basic understanding in summary form, may not be comprehensive, is subject to change, and may not apply to you. Your individual circumstances should be confirmed with the appropriate government agencies or an attorney.
Copyright © 2000-2018 Foreignborn.com, Inc. All rights reserved
A Service of  The National Association of Foreign-Born