http://www.trevecca.edu/about/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Trevecca Nazarene University recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected from its members, donors, viewers and visitors to Trevecca Nazarene University's website. Here is the explanation of how Trevecca Nazarene University collects information online and by other methods, what it does with that information, and what controls the user has. The University is committed to ensuring the privacy of users' personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information), protecting the security of making financial transactions and preserving the integrity of the medium.
Gathering and Use of Information
The University will not collect personally identifiable information from users, other than what they supply to the University on a voluntary basis. It may collect certain non-personal information to optimize webpages for a user's computer (i.e., the identity of the user's Internet browser, the type of operating system a user uses, the IP address and the domain name of the user's Internet service provider). The University may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including but not limited to improving the content of the website.
In order to participate in some activities, users might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. Users should recognize that if they choose not to voluntarily submit requested information, they may not be eligible for those activities for which personally identifiable information is needed. This information could be in connection with the following:
Contest or sweepstakes registration
Subscription registration for websites
Services which require subscription (such as e-mail or postal newsletters)
Trevecca Nazarene University membership submission
Pledging financial support
Content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions or voting
In the event Trevecca Nazarene University wants to collect information for purposes other than those set forth in this policy, Trevecca Nazarene University will notify users when it is collecting personally identifiable information about users, how it intends to use that information, and will offer users the option to not participate.
Personally identifiable information that members, donors, viewers and visitors provide to Trevecca Nazarene University or submit to University sites is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted unless the University discloses other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Such uses may include sending information to constituents about Trevecca Nazarene University programs, services, or membership, and sending information or materials that users might find interesting.
Trevecca Nazarene University's website is a general audience website and does not knowingly market to, accept postings from, or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 years old; however, Trevecca Nazarene University believes that it is important to assist parents in supervising their children's online activities and, therefore, recommends that parents consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission.
Trevecca Nazarene University maintains a membership database with the e-mail address, name, postal address, telephone number and other personally identifiable information of persons who have provided such information to Trevecca Nazarene University by mail, telephone, e-mail, submitting an online form or membership contribution (making an online pledge), or sending Trevecca an e-mail about its programs or services. By supplying Trevecca Nazarene University with an e-mail address, telephone number, or postal address users may receive future communications from Trevecca Nazarene University via e-mail, telephone, or mail.
Google Analytics
Trevecca Nazarene University uses Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our website. Google Analytics uses cookies. The information available to us using Google Analytics is not personally identifiable and is restricted to use by employees of Trevecca Nazarene University. Visitors may opt-out of Google Analytics without affecting the user experience on trevecca.edu.
Trevecca.edu uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which gives us access to information that we can use to approximate our website visitors' demographics and interests. This information will be used to improve the usability of the site and deliver more relevant content. Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting uses cookies. The information available to us using Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting is not personally identifiable and is restricted to use by employees of Trevecca Nazarene University. You can manage your settings for these cookies and opt-out of this feature by visiting Google Ads Settings.
Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards
Users should remember that any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information. Users should use caution when sharing information because any of it can be collected and used by people users may not know and may result in users receiving unsolicited e-mails. Users under the age of 18 should be particularly careful not to divulge any personal information. While Trevecca Nazarene University strives to protect and respect users' privacy, the University cannot guarantee the security of any information users disclose in a chat room or bulletin board, and users do so at their own risk.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are data that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites. In general, cookies are used to customize user experience, count how many people visit a site, and track which pages on a site receives visits. Trevecca Nazarene University uses cookies to help determine how visitors use its Web site so that the University can improve users' online experience. The cookies on this site do not contain any personally identifying information and are used only by Trevecca Nazarene University, in order to provide better statistics on traffic throughout this Web site. Cookies allow the University to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help efforts to improve content and target marketing. If users do not want information collected through the use of cookies, a simple procedure in most browsers allows a user to deny or accept the cookie feature.
Secure Credit Card Transactions
Trevecca Nazarene University offers web users the convenience of making online membership contributions and donations via credit card. Trevecca Nazarene University takes seriously the need for credit card account information security. On Trevecca Nazarene University's website all financial transaction forms are stored and served from a secure server. This system means that each page viewed on Trevecca Nazarene University's website and any financial information submitted is encrypted on its way between computers (users' and the University's). Even in the highly unlikely event that a user's transmission is intercepted, the data will not be usable. Users' peace of mind and the safeguarding of their credit card information are of the utmost importance to Trevecca. Users' credit card information is used by Trevecca Nazarene University only for its intended purpose -- that is, for the purchase or contribution users wish to make.
Acceptance of Trevecca Nazarene University Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using Trevecca Nazarene University's website, users signify their agreement to the terms and conditions of this Trevecca Nazarene University Privacy Policy and to the terms and conditions of Trevecca Nazarene University's Website Legal Notice. If a user does not agree to these terms and conditions, that person should not use this site. The University reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Users should check this page periodically for any changes. Users' continued use of the Trevecca Nazarene University website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that they have accepted those changes.
UNDERGRADUATE
Academics
Admissions
Community Life
Financial Aid & Tuition
GRADUATE
WHY TREVECCA
DEGREES & PROGRAMS
FINANCIAL AID & TUITION
MILITARY
LOCATIONS
ONLINE
WHY TREVECCA
DEGREES & PROGRAMS
FINANCIAL AID & TUITION
MILITARY
CONTINUING STUDIES
WHY TREVECCA
DEGREES & PROGRAMS
FINANCIAL AID & TUITION
MILITARY
LOCATIONS