http://www.alliant.edu/privacy-policy
a
Alliant International University Privacy Policy
Introductory Statement
Thank you for visiting the Alliant.edu website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all Alliant International University’s (Alliant) website and other affiliated websites that are owned by Alliant and made available to students including but not limited to the Student Application, Student Portal, class discussion forums, and other Alliant online resources, as well as the Alliant Student App. All such sites will be collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the "Alliant Site" or "Site".
By Applying to or Enrolling at Alliant or by using the Alliant Site, you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy and the Alliant Terms and Conditions of Usage. This Privacy Policy or any other content on the Alliant Site may be subject to change at any time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers personally identifiable information, as defined by numerous statutes in the United States, including the California Online Privacy Protection Act and personal information, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected at any site that is not owned by Alliant, including any website reached through a link on any Alliant Site. Third-party websites are generally those that have a URL or web address other than Alliant.edu. The name and logo of Alliant may appear on third-party sites in order to notify students that the site contains information or materials specified for Alliant students or curriculum, but this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through the third-party sites. You are responsible for reviewing and understanding the privacy policies (if any) of any third-party websites you may access through the Alliant Site. Alliant does not assume responsibility for the privacy practices or accuracy of the sites not owned by Alliant.
The effective date of this Policy is January 1, 2020.
Information Alliant collects
Alliant’s purpose for collecting personal information is to provide you with the best customer service and experience possible. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us through the Site when you sign up to receive more information about our programs or otherwise contact us through the forms or “chat” function that may be available on the Site. We also collect information during the application, registration and matriculation process, and if you are enrolled as a student, when providing educational services to you or when you use pages of the Site made available to you as a student.
Category
Examples
Collected Yes/No
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Privacy of Children
Alliant is prohibited from selling personal information of consumers between the ages of 13 and 16 without first obtaining affirmative opt-in consent (1) from the consumer or (2) from a parent or guardian where the consumer is under the age of 13. Alliant educational programs and services are not directed to children under the age of 13. Alliant does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us immediately:
Exercise Your Rights
Information Alliant Collects Automatically
Our Site makes use of non-persistent anonymous session cookies to track anonymous aggregated statistics of the site. Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Such cookies are stored after you leave our website, and then deleted by your browser. Web site functions are not hindered if you have cookies turned off. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Online Services. You can find more information about cookies at https://www.allaboutcookies.org and https://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Online Services, such as those of Google Analytics. These service providers use cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how users use the Online Services. The information collected by the cookies and Web beacons (including your IP address) will be disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Online Services. Google Analytics transmits website use data to Google servers. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and usage of the Online Services. To find out more about Google Analytics use of data, please visit “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/) for more information. For information about how Google uses the information, see the Google Privacy Policy. To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, you may visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Interest Based Advertising
The Online Services permits data collection for internet-based advertising. Alliant and third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our Online Services. More specifically, the Online Services have implemented and use display advertising, and we utilize Google Analytics to implement a specific feature called remarketing. Remarketing is a feature of Google Ads that allows us to optimize the delivery of ad content specifically targeted to a visitor’s interests based upon previous visits to our Online Services. Please visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2611268 for more information about remarketing lists in Google Analytics.
If you do not want to use the remarketing feature from Google, you can disable it by changing the appropriate settings at https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
There is also a Google Analytics opt-out browser add on that you can download at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
What is NOT personal information
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use and Sharing of Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more business purposes including but not limited to:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us your personal information in order to receive information about program offerings at Alliant.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning Alliant, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis and continuous quality improvement.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the personal, property or safety rights of us, our students or others.
To determine your student status during the enrollment process and may share information with governmental authorities and their contractors, with other institutions of higher learning and their contractors, and with our contractors that help us to communicate with such governmental agencies, institutions and their contractors.
To provide your personal information to our affiliated schools and branch campuses.
Share your personal information with companies, individuals, contractors that provide support services to Alliant or students.
To comply with federal regulations such as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA") or other governmental regulations or respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law or court order.
To comply with regional or professional accreditation standards.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For other legitimate academic and administrative operations such as fraud reduction, public safety or protection of property and other rights.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Our site makes use of various forms. By submitting your e-mail address to Alliant.edu, through a form or e-letter sign up, your e-mail address may be automatically added to one of our email Newsletter Subscriber Lists, unless you choose not to subscribe by selecting “do not subscribe to newsletter” on the request form.
Your email address and other information is protected by Alliant International University and will not be sold or redistributed to other third-party companies. We periodically send email Newsletters to our e-list about news, events and information about Alliant International University. You may opt out of receiving email Newsletters or email promotions at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our E-News or by contacting us at:
Exercise Your Rights
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and
requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with application, enrollment, matriculation or financial aid at Alliant.
Consumer or web site visitor information is not sold or redistributed to any other companies or outside parties. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information. This notwithstanding, you may submit a request to not sell any of your personal information by contacting us at:
Exercise Your Rights
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Exercise Your Rights
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Alliant delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercise Your Rights
Your request will be denied where there is a need for Alliant to preserve evidence in litigation and avoid sanctions for spoliation of evidence.
We may also deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
1. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
2. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
6. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
7. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
8. Comply with a legal obligation including compliance with state and federal regulations.
9. Comply with accreditation standards
10. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-858-635-4693
Emailing us at Compliance@Alliant.edu
Exercise Your Rights
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Exercise Your Rights
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
Alliant endeavors to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, Alliant will deliver a written response to that account. If you do not have an account, Alliant we will deliver a written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures Alliant provides will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response Alliant provides will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, Alliant will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Alliant does not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
Alliant will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to Compliance@Alliant.edu or write us at:
Alliant International University
10455 Pomerado Road
San Diego, CA 92131
Attn: Office of Compliance
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Alliant reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Alliant collects and uses your information described here and your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-858-635-4693
Email: Compliance@Alliant.edu
Postal Address:
Alliant International University
10455 Pomerado Road
San Diego, CA 92131
Attn: Office of Compliance
a
What will your impact be?
Request Info
Return to Top