http://www.sjcny.edu/privacy-policy
Ready. Set. Joe’s
MySJC
Apply
Menu
Home
About
Fast Facts
Mission
History
Accreditation
Digital Accessibility Policy
Public Relations
Student Right to Know
Our Centennial
SJCNY Reopening Plan
Academics
Brooklyn Programs by Department
Brooklyn Academic Programs Search
Long Island Programs by Department
Long Island Academic Program Search
Online Academic Programs
Undecided Students
Summer Sessions
Congratulations to Our Class of 2020
News
Leadership
President's Office
President's Cabinet
Board of Trustees
Directory
Library
Alumni
Virtual Book Club
Lifetime Career Services
SJCNY Connect
SJC Mentor Program
Events
Make a Gift
Meet the Staff
Resources
Brooklyn Academic Calendar
Long Island Academic Calendar
Bursar
Emergency Management
Employment
Institutional Review Board
I.T. Services
Marketing and Communications
Offices
Request Transcript
Security
Menu
Brooklyn
Programs and Departments
Admissions
Student Life
Athletics
Events
Long Island
Programs and Departments
Admissions
Student Life
Athletics
Events
Online
Programs
Admissions
FAQs
Affordability
Military & Veterans
Privacy Policy
The following policy applies to users of sites within the sjcny.edu domain and is intended to explain what types of information are gathered from users and how that information is used.
St. Joseph's College is committed to respecting your privacy. As an unregistered user, you may visit most of the sites within the sjcny.edu domain without inputting, revealing or leaving any personal information, whether known or otherwise. We do not collect any personal information about you, unless you provide that information voluntarily. Any personal information you provide will only be used by St. Joseph's College to conduct college business. St. Joseph's College does not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease personal information voluntarily given on this site.
For the purposes of this policy, ''personal information'' means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark or other identifier, can be used to identify that person.
For the internal community: To protect your privacy and prevent unauthorized use, please keep your IDs and passwords in a secure place. Also, whenever you use St. Joseph's College systems from a public workstation, be sure to log out and close all browser windows before you leave the workstation.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Logs and Network Monitoring
We maintain log files of all access to St. Joseph's College Web servers and also monitor network traffic for purposes of site and network management and security. We use this information to diagnose problems with our servers and to carry out other administrative tasks. We also use log analysis tools for such purposes as creating summary statistics to determine which information is of most interest to users, identifying system problem areas, and determining technical requirements. The following information is typically collected in these files:
the Internet Protocol address and domain name of your Internet Service Provider and/or computer, if your computer has an IP address assigned directly to it
the type of browser and operating system you use
the date and time you visited any St. Joseph's College server
the Web pages or services you accessed from our network, and
the Web page from which you accessed our Web server and from which any page on this site was linked
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information by the New York State Internet Privacy and Security Act.
Information Collected by Email and Online Transactions
If you voluntarily send us an email, we collect your email address and the contents of your message. We will use your email address and the information included in your message to respond to you, to address the issues you identify, and to improve this website. We may also use your email address to notify you about services, events or activities offered by St. Joseph's College. If you would prefer not to receive email or other communications from St. Joseph's College, contact the College's webmaster.
If you complete a transaction such as an online application or an information request form, we will collect the information, including your personal information that you volunteered in the transaction. We will use this information only for the purposes for which the transaction was intended.
We may redirect your message or information you provided through an online transaction to a St. Joseph's College office other than the one which originally received the message or information, to better respond to your request.
The information we collect is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video and graphic information formats included in the message or transaction.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. You are cautioned, however, that we will treat personal information submitted in an email as though it was submitted by an adult, and it may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through this Website
We may collect or disclose personal information without your consent if the collection or disclosure is: necessary to perform St. Joseph's College statutory duties or necessary to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; made pursuant to a court order or by law; for the purpose of validating your identity; or of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in the form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through this website is subject to the provisions of the U.S. Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA) and New York State's Freedom of Information Law.
We may also disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce St. Joseph's College's rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access of St. Joseph's College information technology assets.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through this Website
You may submit a request to the St. Joseph's College webmaster to determine whether personal information pertaining to you has been collected through this web site. Your request must be in made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of your identity. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to you, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the records access officer is:
Manager of Web Technology
St. Joseph's College
1 Terry Street, Suite 2
Patchogue, NY 11772
The Web Manager will, within seven days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty days from the date of the acknowledgment.
If we have collected your personal information through a St. Joseph's College web server and that information is to be provided to you pursuant to your request, the Web Manager will inform you of your right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in Section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity
We limit employee access to personal information collected through St. Joseph's College web servers to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, we have implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of St. Joseph's College web servers information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of sjcny.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For security purposes and to maintain the availability of St. Joseph's College web servers for all users, we employ software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage our web sites.
Links to Third-Party Sites
St. Joseph's College websites contain links to, and may be linked from, sites outside of St. Joseph's College. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, terms of use, or the content of such websites. A link to an outside web site from St. Joseph's College does not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship of such web site or its content.
Changes to Policy and Disclaimer
We may change this policy as needed without notice. The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through St. Joseph's College web sites.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact: [email protected].
Get social with SJC
Get social with SJC
Esse non videri — “To be, not to seem.”
The mission of St. Joseph’s College is to provide a strong academic and value-oriented education at the undergraduate and graduate levels, rooted in a liberal arts tradition that supports provision for career preparation and enhancement. READ OUR FULL MISSION.
SJC BROOKLYN
245 Clinton Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11205 Main: 718.940.5300  Admissions: 718.940.5800
HomeAboutAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeLibraryAthleticsAlumniGivingMySJC PortalPrivacy Policy
SJC LONG ISLAND
155 W. Roe Blvd., Patchogue, NY 11772 Main: 631.687.5100  Admissions: 631.687.4500
HomeAboutAdmissionsAcademicsStudent LifeLibraryAthleticsAlumniGivingMySJC PortalPrivacy Policy
SJC ONLINE
155 W. Roe Blvd., Patchogue, NY 11772  631.687.4501
HomeProgramsAdmissionsFAQsAffordabilityCredit for ExperienceMilitary & VeteransLibraryPrivacy Policy
Sitemap | Accessibility Statement
Throughout the SJCNY website, you will see students, professors and other individuals, most of whom are not wearing masks or other protective equipment. This should not be construed as meaning that St. Joseph’s College does not comply with applicable laws regarding wearing masks, other protective equipment or with respect to social distancing. The College strictly complies with applicable federal, state and local laws and orders in this regard.