https://www.jostens.com/legalnotices/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.html
Skip to main content
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Menu
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Legal Notices
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Sale
Terms Of Use
General Certifications of Conformity
Notifications of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Full Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright & Trademark
Legal Notices
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Sale
Terms Of Use
General Certifications of Conformity
Notifications of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Full Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright & Trademark
Jostens does not sell (as “sell” is traditionally defined) your personal information.
Under California law, sharing information for advertising purposes may be considered a “sale.” If you’ve visited our website or used our mobile apps within the past 12 months, under California law your information might have been “sold” to our advertising partners.
As part of online advertising, we and our advertising partners may collect information about your interactions with Jostens when you visit our website or use our mobile apps. This information includes:
Type of device, operating system and/or browser you’re using
Cookies stored on your browser
Identifiers, including advertising identifiers on your device
IP address of your device
Your browsing and purchasing behavior while on our website
Jostens domain name
Website you visited before you visited our site
Other data or information normally captured as part of online advertising activities
We may share this information with third-party advertising partners to provide you a more personalized experience on our website and mobile apps.
Who are Jostens’s advertising partners?
You can learn more about our advertising partners and their privacy practices here:
AppNexus
Google
Google Advertising
Advertising partners are subject to changes at any time without notice.
How to Opt Out of the Sale of Your Information
Your privacy controls.
You can opt out of the sale of your information through cookies by:
Blocking all cookies in your browser
Adjusting your mobile device’s privacy settings
Blocking cookies in your browser.
Learn how to block cookies in these common browsers:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari (desktop)
Apple Safari (iPhone)
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Opera
For other browsers, check their support website. And if you use multiple browsers or devices, you’ll need to block cookies and adjust your privacy settings on each browser for each device.
When you block cookies:
You might still see ads
Some web pages might not be displayed correctly
Some websites or apps might not function correctly
You might not be able to view some websites
You might not be able to take advantage of personalized features
Adjusting your mobile device’s privacy settings (opting out).
The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) is a reliable source to help you find your choices on various mobile devices. See their information on opting out on mobile devices.
Jostens is continuing to make updates to make it easier for you to control your privacy options — so please check back.
We may continue to share your information with our affiliates and service providers, and other third parties, for business purposes specified in our privacy policy or as otherwise permitted by law. To learn more about the information Jostens collects and how we use it, see our privacy policy.
Find My School/Group
Select my school/group to view custom products and pricing.
School/Group Name
City
State
Country
Showing 0-0 of 0 results
Can't find your school/group?
Try this:
Try using fewer words. Use "Jefferson" instead of "Jefferson High School" or "Thomas" instead of "St. Thomas."
If you're still not able to find your school/group, please contact Customer Service.
For international schools, please select your country here.
Please note: If your school or group has closed, you will not be able to locate it on our website.
Back
Next
Remove School Affiliation
Search
Search Query
Search
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.