http://www.cde.state.co.us/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Contact Us
Search
Site Index
Licensing | About CDE | State Board | Offices | Staff Directory | News | Careers
Families
Educators
Districts
Communities
STAY INFORMED: Visit CDE’s COVID-19 Resources for Schools page
You are hereHome
Privacy
1. Privacy Statement
Overview
The Colorado Department of Education (CDE) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This statement discloses our PII gathering and dissemination practices for the non-secure public website at http://www.cde.state.co.us and complies with the requirements of C.R.S. 24-72-502 et. seq. This statement discusses the collection and use of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and how you can make choices about the use of your PII.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is information that is about an individual. Examples of personal information include an individual's first and last name, residential address, telephone number, and email address. PII shall not include information collected in furtherance of any regulatory, investigative, or criminal justice purpose; information collected in furtherance of litigation in which the state is a party; or information that is required to be collected pursuant to any state or federal statute or regulation.
This statement does not cover other CDE-related websites or processes. This site links to a number of external websites, including social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. This statement does not cover any external websites that may be linked to from this site nor can CDE control the privacy protections on those sites.
CDE only collects the PII needed to complete a particular transaction, to fulfill a request by you, or to maintain and improve this website. We do not collect PII unless you voluntarily participate in activities that ask for PII.
Collection and Uses of PII
This section describes how this website may collect PII from you. Choosing to not provide this information may limit CDE’s ability to provide the requested services but will not affect your ability to use any other features on our website. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings via the choice/opt-out process described below.
This website collects and uses PII for these purposes:
Contact information (e.g. name, email address, phone number) collected:
On registration forms to provide you with the information you have requested.
On order forms needed to contact you regarding your order.
In surveys needed to contact you regarding your responses.
On materials submission forms and via our web publishing agreement for the purposes of contacting the content provider when necessary about his or her submission.
We may use your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
We may collect information about your computer, including Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name use, type and version of browser used, date and time site was visited, and web pages or services that were accessed at this site. CDE uses Twitter and Google Analytics to understand how users connect to our site and how they use the site. This information is used to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how the public are using these services. To opt out of your user data being used in this way, you can follow Twitter’s method for opting out or Google’s method for opting out.
This website is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not seek to collect or knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. However, any PII volunteered by children will be used and disclosed in accordance all applicable laws and regulations.
Public Records
The State's Open Records Act is applicable to this Privacy Policy pursuant to the Colorado Revised Statutes, Title 24, Article 72, Part 2, which states: "It is declared to be public policy of this state that all public records shall be open for inspection by any person at reasonable times, except as provided in this part 2 or otherwise specifically provided by law."
If personal information is requested on the website or is volunteered by you, state and federal law may protect that information. However, all information becomes a public record once it is provided and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law. Users are cautioned that any information provided via this public website may be may be subject to public access or inspection.
Cookies
Cookies created on a computer by using this website do not contain PII. The cookie feature is used only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on a computer. A cookie file can be refused or deleted from a computer by using widely available browser options or security software. The use of cookies to view our site is not mandatory, but some functions and processes may require it.
Security
While no website can promise perfect security and protection of PII, this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control to the extent possible. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day practices of the entire operating environment.
Disclaimer
Web Site Disclaimer
2. Choice/Opt-Out
You have the following options for having your information removed from our records so as to not receive future communications from us. This site also gives you the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Many of our web pages include an email address for visitors to contact regarding a particular subject. Sending an email to this address is the best way to opt-out of collection on that particular page.
You can send mail to the following postal address:Colorado Department of Education, 201 E. Colfax Ave., Denver, CO 80203-1799
Address the correspondence to the name listed on the applicable content page designated for obtaining further information.
You can call the following telephone number: 303-866-6600
You can send a fax to: 303-830-0793
You can also contact: CDE Webmaster
3. Contacting the CDE Web Management Team
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Colorado Department of Education
ATTN: Web Management Team
201 East Colfax Avenue
Denver, CO 80203-1799
Phone: 303-866-6915
Fax: 303-866-6940
online: CDE Webmaster
4. Contacting CDE’s Data Privacy Office
If you have any questions related to privacy or the use, collection, storage or protection of PII, you can contact:
Colorado Department of Education
ATTN: Data Privacy Office
201 East Colfax Avenue
Denver, CO 80203-1799
dataprivacy@cde.state.co.us
For additional information, contact: CDE Webmaster
CDE Home
About CDE
State Board of Education
Commissioner of Education
Communications
Educator Talent
Human Resources
Legislative Relations
Offices
Professional Development
Site Index
Staff Directory
Calendar
Contact Us
CDE's Key Initiatives:
Connect With Us
Financial information on schools and districts throughout Colorado. Learn more about financial transparency.
Quick Links
Colorado.gov
Offices
Our Staff
News
Site Index
FAQs
Human Resources
Jobs at CDE
Jobs for Teachers
Moodle LMS
Professional Development
SchoolView
State Board
Commissioner
Communications
Calendar
About CDE
Contact Us
Colorado Dept. of Education
201 East Colfax Ave.
Denver, CO 80203
Phone: 303-866-6600
Fax: 303-830-0793Contact CDE
CDE Hours
Mon - Fri 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
See also Licensing Hours
UPDATED
August 23, 2017
Copyright © 1999-2020 Colorado Department of Education.
All rights reserved.
Title IX.
Accessibility.
Disclaimer.
Privacy.