https://www.outreach.psu.edu/privacy/
Skip to main content
For questions about cancellations, program changes, or virtual delivery due to the coronavirus pandemic, please contact us at inquiry@outreach.psu.edu. For the latest updates and information, visit: virusinfo.psu.edu.
Home›Privacy
Penn State Outreach and Online Education Web Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the Penn State Outreach and Online Education website privacy statement. We do not collect any personal information when you visit one of our websites unless you choose to provide that information to us. Penn State Outreach and Online Education does not sell, exchange, or release your personal information to outside parties without your consent. Once we obtain your consent, we consider it valid until revoked by you.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Penn State Outreach and Online Education will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide to us by — for example — sending emails, completing information or registration forms, registering for accounts, or responding to surveys. We may also contact you to provide information about Penn State Outreach and Online Education activities, programs, memberships and development opportunities, products, and special events that may interest you.
When we send you information by email, you always will have an immediate opportunity to decline further communication. Please use the contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name.  Otherwise, we will not share your name or information outside of Penn State unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so by opting-in.
We use Google’s reCAPTCHA on web forms on our website. When you enter data into one of our web forms, Google’s reCAPTCHA uses cookies to determine whether users are humans and not spam bots. By entering data into our web forms, you are subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Google Terms of Use.
Cookies
Penn State Outreach and Online Education websites use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the sites. These tools typically utilize cookies — small text files placed on your computer — to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to these tools. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for all Penn State Outreach and Online Education websites.
Additional Information
If you visit our website, we automatically gather and store the following information about your visit so that we can track the use of our website in order to make improvements. This information includes, but is not limited to the following and is stored and used in aggregate form only:
the IP address from which you access our website
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account)
the type of browser and operating system used to access our website
the date and time you access our site
the internal pages, files, documents, and links that you visit
the Internet address of the website from which you linked to this website
Opt-out
If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking, Google has provided a plugin for most browsers that enables this functionality. Learn more about how the plugin works and how to install it.
Additionally, you are able to modify and delete the information that Google tracks for remarketing purposes by visiting Google’s ad settings page. You can also disable collection of any demographic data on that page.
Contact
For additional information, view Penn State’s Web Privacy Statement.
Home›Privacy