http://www.discoveryeducation.com/who-we-are/privacy/
Skip to content
PROGRAMS
EXPERIENCE
SCIENCE
STEM
SOCIAL STUDIES
MATH
PROFESSIONAL LEARNING
CODING
IMMERSIVE
SEE ALL PROGRAMS >
PARTNER SUCCESS
INSIGHTS
SUCCESS STORIES
RESEARCH
PARTNER SUCCESS TEAM
COMMUNITY
DEN COMMUNITY
VIRTUAL FIELD TRIPS
EVENTS
BLOG
CORPORATE & NONPROFITS
DISTANCE LEARNING RESPONSE INITIATIVE
STEM CAREERS COALITION
CORPORATE EDUCATION PARTNERSHIPS
BECOME A CORPORATE PARTNER
FEATURED PROGRAMS
Open Search
Login
Contact Us
Open Menu
Close Menu
Contact Us
Login
PROGRAMS
EXPERIENCE
SCIENCE
STEM
SOCIAL STUDIES
MATH
PROFESSIONAL LEARNING
CODING
IMMERSIVE
SEE ALL PROGRAMS >
PARTNER SUCCESS
INSIGHTS
SUCCESS STORIES
RESEARCH
PARTNER SUCCESS TEAM
COMMUNITY
DEN COMMUNITY
VIRTUAL FIELD TRIPS
EVENTS
BLOG
CORPORATE & NONPROFITS
DISTANCE LEARNING RESPONSE INITIATIVE
STEM CAREERS COALITION
CORPORATE EDUCATION PARTNERSHIPS
BECOME A CORPORATE PARTNER
FEATURED PROGRAMS
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 11, 2020
Effective December 30, 2019, this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Discovery Education, Inc., a North Carolina registered corporation, whose main office is located at 4350 Congress Street, Suite 700, Charlotte, NC 28209, (“Discovery Education,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, and otherwise processes personal information about our customers and users of our websites and services.
1.     Introduction
Discovery Education is an online education service provider that produces and delivers high-quality digital content for K-12 education and beyond, including textbooks, streaming media and other rich content.  The services we offer enable teachers and students to participate in enhanced learning experiences.
We respect the privacy of students, our customers, and users of our websites and services, and have developed this Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy.  In order to deliver our services to you, from time to time we collect personal information. The information we collect from you, along with the content that you use on our services and the data on how you use our websites and services help us to provide a range of services that meet your needs.
Please read this Policy carefully.  It is your choice whether or not to provide personal information to us.  If you choose not to provide your personal information to us, you may not be able to use our services.
2.     Scope
This Policy applies to personal information that Discovery Education collects and processes about individuals related to our services, including users of our websites (identified below) and users of the password-protected online subscription services (collectively, the “Subscription Services”) where this Policy is posted.
For the purposes of this Policy, the term “Websites” shall refer collectively to www.discoveryeducation.com as well as the other websites that we operate and that link to this Policy.
In this Policy, “personal information” means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.  An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.  Personal information does not include aggregate information or de-identified information, meaning that the information can no longer be attributed to an identifiable natural person without the use of additional information.  Additionally, personal information does not include publicly available information, which is information that is lawfully made available from federal, state, or local government records.
Personal information is required for us to be able to provide the services to you.  In addition, some of the services we provide require that we disclose your personal information to third parties, such as to companies that help us to provide our services.  If you are not willing to provide your personal information and have it disclosed to third parties in accordance with this Policy, you will not be able to use our services.
Our Websites and Subscription Services may contain links to other websites that do not operate under this Policy.  These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect personal information from you.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit to understand their information practices.
While we strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we do not have control over, and cannot be responsible for, the actions of other third parties.  We encourage you to review each such third party’s privacy statement and other otherwise understand its privacy practices, before providing personal information directly to it.
This Policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline.  This Policy does not apply to information that is collected from Discovery Education’s employees, job applicants, or independent contractors.
3.     Overview of Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our services.  You provide some of this information directly, such as when you create an account or contact us for support.  We get some of your information, such as your IP address, by recording how you interact with our services.  We may also get information about you from your school to register you for the Subscription Services.  We may also get information about teachers, educators, and school administrators from other third parties, such as entities that license datasets of teachers, educators, and school administrators.
We may receive and collect certain personal information automatically, as outlined elsewhere in this Policy, including information collected by Google Analytics regarding our Websites and Subscription Services, information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our Websites and Subscription Services, and information collected by cookies.  We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you.
Information Provided by You
We collect the following types of personal information from you when you access and browse our Websites (including when you submit personal information to us through data entry fields on the website), access the Subscription Services, enter a competition or contest, and where we provide other services to you.
The most common of these circumstances where you would provide personal information and the categories of personal information we collect in those circumstances include the following:
Using Our Subscription Services. In order to use certain features of our Websites and Subscription Services, you (or your school) may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information, including first name, middle initial, last name, username (Logon ID), password, teacher ID, teacher email, student ID, student grade, and parent/guardian email.  We will store and use this information to administer the Websites and Subscription Services in which you choose to participate, and as permitted by this Policy.
Account Registration on Our Websites (non-subscription services). We may collect your first and last name and email address if you choose to provide it in connection with your account registration.
Contacting Customer Service. When you contact our customer service, we may ask you to provide, or confirm, personal information, including your first and last name, job title, email address, phone number, city, state, school or district, so that we can better serve you.
Entering a promotion, consent or sweepstakes. If you enter a promotion, consent or sweepstakes we offer, we may ask you to provide personal information, including first name, last name, birth date and/or age, home address, email address, grade, school, and/or a video, so that we can consider your entry and, if you win, so that you may redeem your prize.
For non-student users of the Subscription Services, we may collect your email address, first and last name, and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter.
Participating in a survey. If you participate in a survey, we may ask you to provide your session ID, job title, grade level you teach, your school name, and your school district for internal analysis, research studies, and to support product and services development.
Promotional or Marketing Communications. If you sign up to receive promotional communications or notifications from us, we may ask you to provide personal information, including name and email address, so that we can provide these to you.
The above list provides examples of the personal information that may be collected when using the Subscription Services. If you do not want Discovery Education to collect your personal information, please do not provide it to us.
Information that We Collect Automatically From You On Our Websites and Subscription Services
We also may use various technologies to collect information from your computer or device and about your activities on our Websites and Subscription Services.
Information collected automatically. We may automatically collect information from you when you visit our Websites and Subscription Services.  We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Subscription Services to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Subscription Services.  This information may also include your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us, referring or exit website address, internet service provider, date/time stamp, operating system, locale and language preferences, and system configuration information.
Interacting with Social Networking Sites. If you choose to join (or “like”) a Discovery Education page on a social media site, the social media site may provide us with certain information about you, including but not limited to your other “likes,” your email address, place of residence and other information from your public profile if you interact with our social media pages, DE Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc., so we can tailor our interactions to you. Please see the privacy policy for the applicable social media site to learn more about how these sites share your personal information.
When you visit our Websites and/or Subscription Services, we may assign your computer one or more cookies to help you navigate our website efficiently, to personalize your online experience, and to perform certain functions, including website traffic analysis. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.  If you choose to decline cookies please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on our Websites and Subscription Services.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies.  A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website.  A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.  For example, when you sign in to our Websites and Subscription Services, we will record your username (Logon ID), and the name on your user account in the cookie file on your computer.  We store your unique user ID in a cookie for automatic sign-in.  This cookie is removed when you sign-out.  For security purposes, we will encrypt the unique user ID and any other user account-related data that we store in such cookies.  In the case of sites and services that do not use a user ID, the cookie will contain a unique identifier.  We may allow our authorized service providers to serve cookies from our website to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of our site, content and advertising. You may delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings (click “Help” in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions).  If you do so, some of the features and services of our Websites and/or Subscription Services may not function properly.  To read more about how we use cookies, please review our Cookie Policy, https://www.discoveryeducation.com/learn/cookie-policy/.
Other technologies.We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of our Websites and Subscription Services. We also may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.  The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our Websites and Subscription Services visitors, to deliver targeted advertisements, and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.  Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies.  Unlike cookies, which are stored on the user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns.  We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may also obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from advertising companies, and ad networks business partners, contractors and other third parties and add it to our account information or other information we have collected.  We may combine this information with information we collect through our Websites or from other sources.
4.     How We Use Personal Information
We use the personal information we collect for a variety of purposes.  The legal basis for our processing of personal information will depend on the specific context in which we collect it.  We will retain personal information for as long as it is needed.
General Uses
Our purpose when collecting, storing, and using information is to provide you the most engaging and rewarding experience with our Websites and Subscription Services and to ensure you have full access to our sites pursuant to our Terms of Use.  We may use information that we collect about you to:
Make improvements to Websites and Subscription Services;
Manage the Subscription Services and provide you with customer support;
Deliver services you request, license or purchase, such as educational programs, information, or newsletters;
For student users, we use the information to present personalized pages;
For non-student users of the Subscription Services who have opted-in to receiving Discovery Education information, and for other users of our Subscription Services who have provided contact information through the Websites or otherwise, to alert you to Service enhancements, new content, professional development opportunities, special events, educational programs and news from Discovery Education;
Complete a transaction or service requested by you;
Ensure the Subscription Services are relevant to your needs;
Advertising and marketing purposes, including helping us create and publish content most relevant and impactful to you; developing and displaying content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other sites; measuring and improving the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; developing sales leads; and serving ads to sales leads.
Notify you about a change to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, if necessary;
Allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Subscription Services;
Contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or Order Inquiry;
Perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content;
Communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about our products or services that may be of interest to you;
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotions, contests and sweepstakes;
Enforce our terms and conditions;
Manage our business and perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection;
Track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties;
For legal compliance purposes;
Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business;
Keeping our websites, apps, products and IT systems secure;
Ensuring that our own processes, procedures and systems are as efficient as possible;
Analyzing and enhancing the information that we collect, with the goal of reducing what information we collect;
For service administration requirements where we need to contact you for reasons related to our services (for example, where we need to send you a password reminder, to notify you about services updates or amendments to our Terms of Use, Cookies Policy or Privacy Policy); and/or
Notify you about products and services that we think may interest you (if you prefer that we not contact you in this manner, please follow the Opt-Out instructions in this Policy). We do not contact students for this purpose.
Legal Basis for Processing (GDPR)
If the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is applicable, our legal basis for processing your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
When we have collected your personal data to provide you with products and services that you have requested, our legal basis for the processing of that personal data is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.  If you refuse to provide us with your personal data, you may be unable to obtain the products and services from us that you requested.
We also collect and process personal information about you as necessary to operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, and/or fulfill our other legitimate interests (when not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms).
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).
Upon expiration or termination of any subscriber agreement, we destroy personal information previously received from the subscriber/customer when the subscriber sighed up for the Subscription Services along with information relating to the subscriber/customer’s use of the Subscription Services no later than sixty (60) days following such termination, unless a reasonable written request is submitted by subscriber/customer/distributor to Discovery Education to hold such personal information.
5.     Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information as necessary to provide the services you request, including sharing information with third party service providers; when required by law; to protect rights and safety; and with your consent.
We may share personal information with:
Authorized service providers:  We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf.  These services may include delivering our Website or Subscription Services to you or providing customer service and support to the Services you have licensed, providing marketing to you, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our Website and Subscription Service functionality, conducting surveys and research for product development and improvement, and supporting contests, promotions, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Websites and Subscription Services.  The research reports and white papers do not contain personal information.
Corporate Education partners:  When you engage in promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes offered through our Websites, we may share personal information with third party service providers that administer the promotion, contest and/or sweepstake, and we may share personal information of the winner of the promotion, contest and/or sweepstake with the corporate education partner who sponsored or funded the promotion, contest and/or sweepstake.  When you elect to engage in a particular promotion, contest and/or sweepstake program, you authorize us to provide your name, email address and other information to that third party service provider and corporate education partner.  We also share aggregate usage and statistical reports relating to usage of the Websites with our corporate education partners.  These reports do not contain personal information.
Other situations:  We also may disclose your information:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
iii.  In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
When you provide us with your consent to share your information with third parties.
Third-Party Privacy Policies:  Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information.  Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Policy.  If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties.  These entities or their servers may be located either inside or outside the United States.
Aggregated and Non-personal Information:
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the circumstances set forth in this Policy.  We may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, corporate partners, and potential customers, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis.  For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Websites and Subscription Services and the most popular features or services accessed.  This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.
6.     International Transfer of Information (GDPR)
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed within the United States.  Additionally, we may transfer your personal information to other countries in certain circumstances, for example because a server or third party service provider is located there.  By providing your personal information to us, you are consenting to any transfer, storage, and processing in accordance with this Policy.
There are potential risks to you associated with transferring your information to the United States and other countries due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards.  These risks include the risk that you will not be able to exercise your data protection rights under applicable law to protect yourself from unlawful use or disclosure of your information.  The data protection and privacy laws of certain countries, including the United States, may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country.
7.     Your Privacy Rights
You may have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like to exercise any of them, please contact us (contact details below).
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within any time period required by applicable law).  Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
How You Can Access or Request to Delete Your Information
If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to review and update your personal information online by logging into your account.  You can also review and update your personal information by contacting your school.
If you are a user of the Subscription Services, you may request to have your personal information that you provided when you subscribed along with the information relating to your use of the Subscription Services removed from our databases by submitting a request to our contact information set forth at the end of this Policy, and insert “Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line.  We will remove such information as soon as practicable for us, however, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our web site or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by applicable law.  In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Policy, retention of that information may be subject to those third parties’ policies.
Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website because such information may be required in order for you to participate in a contest, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our website.
Opt-Out
At any time you can choose to no longer receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us by modifying your email preferences by selecting the “Opt-Out” link found in the footer of the communication or on our Websites and following the instructions or contacting us.  Non-student users of the Subscription Services may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive e-mail messages about products and services related to your interest. You may modify your choice at any time by using the “Opt-Out” link as described above.
You also will be given the opportunity, in any commercial e-mail that we send to you, to opt out of receiving such messages in the future. It may take up to thirty (30) days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.  Please note that changing information in your account, or otherwise opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us.
Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing communications, you may continue to receive emails and notifications relating to your subscription, service announcements, administrative notices, surveys, and/or other business-related communications.
8.     Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents Only
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents about the personal information we have collected and their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).  These rights are subject to certain limitations.  This section does not apply to personal information we collect about job applicants, independent contractors, current or former full-time, part-time, and temporary employees and staff, officers, directors, or owners of Discovery Education.  This section also does not apply to personal information we collect about non-California residents.
Categories of Personal Information that we Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information from users of the Websites and Subscription Services to provide our services and related support, analyze and improve our services, personalize our services, advertising, marketing and promotional purposes, internal operations, securing and protecting our business, and complying with legal obligations.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information from the sources identified above (Overview of Categories of Personal Information We Collect Section) and for the purposes described above (How We Use Personal Information Section).
Name, contact information and other identifiers, including but not limited to real name, email address, IP address, home address, business address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, and username (Logon ID).
Age or date of birth
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including but not limited to browsing history, search history, and information regarding a user’s interaction with Websites and Subscription Services, other internet websites, or advertisements.
Geolocation data, including but not limited to city, state, and zip code.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, including but not limited to videos and photographs.
Professional or employment-related information, including but not limited to job title, school name, and school district name.
California Residents’ Rights
If you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you the following rights:
Request to Know. California residents have a right to request us to disclose the certain details about our collection of their personal information, including:
the categories of personal information collected,
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected,
the business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling their personal information, and
the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information.
Additionally, California residents also have the right to request and receive a copy of specific pieces of information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months subject to certain exemptions.  We will deliver this information, free of charge, by mail or electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the California resident to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
California residents may make up to two Requests to Know in a 12-month period.
Request to Delete. Subject to certain exemptions, California residents have a right to request Discovery Education delete any personal information about them that we have collected from them.
Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information. The CCPA gives California residents the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.  We do not sell your personal information.
California residents have the right not to face discrimination for exercising any of their rights under the CCPA.
How to Submit a Request to Know or to Delete.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email:  privacy@discoveryed.com and insert “California Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line or call this toll free number: 1-800-323-9084.  We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Discovery Education does not support Do Not Track browser settings and does not currently participate in any “Do Not Track” frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your personal information.
9.     GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are an individual located in the EU, you may have additional rights available to you under applicable laws, including:
You have the right to request access to your personal data, and the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you.  You have the right to obtain the deletion or the restriction of processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, including when the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, except when we are required by law to maintain or otherwise process your personal data, for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights or another person.  You may have the right to request that we stop processing your personal information and/or to stop sending you marketing communications.  In certain circumstances, you may have the right to be provided with your personal information in a structured, machine readable and commonly used format and to request that we transfer the personal information to another data controller without hindrance.  Where our processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of an alleged infringement of the applicable data protection law.
If you would like to make such a request, please email:  privacy@discoveryed.com and insert “GDPR Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line or call this toll free number: 1-800-323-9084.  To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before taking action on your request.
10.  Children’s Personal Information
In most instances, Discovery Education will only request the first name and email address of a child in order to complete an immediate request from the child. The information that is collected will only be used for the requested purpose and will be deleted after such use.
For students using the Subscription Services, any personal information that may be provided, which may include, but is not limited to, first and last name, grade and school, will be provided by the school district, individual school, or individual using the Subscription Service.
Use of Personal Information Collected from Children
When we collect personal information from children, we will only use that information for the express purpose for which it was collected.  The personal information will not be used for any other purpose.
Sharing of Personal Information Collected from Children
Except as provided in this Section, we do not share personal information collected from children with any third parties. We may, however, share a child’s personal information that we have collected from the child’s school district, school or from the child through the provision of Services in the following limited instances:
We may share such information with service providers who help Discovery Education maintain the Services and provide other administrative services to us. We seek to ensure that these service providers may not use the personal information for any other purpose. These service providers have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personal information.
We may disclose a child’s personal information to third parties if we believe we are required to do so in order to comply with law (including court orders and subpoenas); to comply with requests from law enforcement agencies or the government; to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and the rights, privacy, safety or property of our employees or other users of our Subscription Services; to protect our operations; and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Note to Parents and Legal Guardians
Please contact Discovery Education at any time regarding privacy questions or concerns, or to request to review what personal information we have collected from a child. Parents may also contact us at any time to request that we delete the personal information of a child or a parent and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of a child’s information. We will take steps to verify that any person contacting us for a child’s information is that child’s parent or guardian.
Discovery Education, Inc.
4350 Congress Street
Suite 700
Charlotte, NC 28209
Tel: 1-800-323-9084
Email: privacy@discoveryed.com
11.  Other Important Information
Below, you will find additional privacy information you may find important.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.  We follow generally accepted standards (including by taking physical, electronic and procedural measures) to protect the personal information provided to us.
While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information, you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats, viruses and intrusions from others and so we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances.
Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email.  Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
No Rights of Third Parties
This Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.
Changes to this Policy
We will occasionally update this Policy to reflect material changes in our privacy practices.  If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by posting the modified Policy on our Websites and Subscription Services and indicating at the top of the Policy the date it was last updated.  We may also notify you by sending you an e-mail.  We encourage you to review the Policy each time you visit one of our Websites and Subscription Services to see if this Policy has been updated since your last visit to make sure you understand how your personal information will be processed.
12.  Age Screening
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen other than in a legally permissible situation, we will delete the information from our records as soon as we discover it.
13.  Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail as follows:
Discovery Education, Inc.
Attn:  Data Protection Officer
4350 Congress Street
Suite 700
Charlotte, NC 28209
Email: privacy@discoveryed.com
Tel: 1-800-323-9084