http://www.tft.ucla.edu/privacy-policy
Join the
conversation
Home
About
About the Interim Dean
Executive Board
Quick Facts
Equity, Diversity and Inclusion
Student Services Office
Administrative Staff
TFT History
Programs and Academic Departments
Department of Film, Television and Digital Media
Department of Theater
TFT Online Courses
Summer Programs
Professional Programs
Skoll Center for Social Impact Entertainment
The David C. Copley Center for the Study of Costume Design
Research Centers
Special Programs, Events and Showcases
Apply for a Degree Program
Admissions
Current Students
Prospective Students
Tours and Information Sessions
Faculty
Film, Television and Digital Media Department
Theater Department
Alumni
Giving to TFT
2020-21 Theater Season
Feature Stories & News
News Archive
Newsletter
Facilities and Locations
Events Calendar
PRIVACY POLICY
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE SITE?
Tito Deveyra
Director, Information Technology
UCLA School of Theater, Film & Television
225 Charles E. Young Dr.East Melnitz Hall
(310) 206-3590
tito@tft.ucla.edu
This is the website of the UCLA School of Theater, Film & Television.
Reach us:
By postal mail: 102 East Melnitz Hall, Box 951622, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1622
By e-mail: support@tft.ucla.edu
For each visitor to our web pages, our website automatically recognizes only the visitor's
domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect:
Domain name
Aggregate information on what pages anonymous visitors access or visit
The information we collect is used:
To improve the content of our web page
With respect to cookies, we use cookies:
To record visitor-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitor can request this information by e-mail us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.
Updated February 26, 2020
Contact Us | Intranet | Internships | Careers | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Media Relations ©2020 UCLA