http://www.grantham.edu/privacy-policy/
Request Information
X
ProcessingRequestSelect a Degree LevelCertificateAssociateBachelor'sMaster'sSelect an Area of StudyAre you serving in the U.S. military, a veteran or military dependent?No
Yes
*REQUIRED FIELDSGet StartedBy submitting this form, I agree that Grantham University may email, call and/or text me about education programs at the number provided including a wireless number, possibly utilizing automated dialing technology. Message and data rates may apply. Providing this consent is not required in order to enroll. If I live outside the U.S., I am giving consent to transfer my data to the U.S. I also agree to the terms in the GU Privacy Policy.
APPLY
REQUEST INFO
Grantham University
Privacy PolicyTraversal History:HomePrivacy PolicyProtecting Your PrivacyWe want you to know what information we collect about website users, current and prospective students, and alumni; the methods we use to collect information; how we use the information collected; any third parties to which we may disclose information; and processes for how to limit the usage of personally identifiable information. Please read this policy carefully before using or submitting information on any of our websites. By using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this policy.We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time. When changes are made, we will post the updated policy and the date of the revision, so please re-visit this page occasionally to check for updates. By continuing to use the website after the posting of such changes, you accept the policy as modified.We will not sell, rent or lease your information to a third party.Information We Collect OverviewWe collect various types of information from our visitors so we can adjust our site to meet our users’ needs and expectations. Some of the information automatically collected does not directly identify you by name or include your contact information, but may be used to identify that a specific computer or device has accessed our website and which, if combined with certain other information, could be used to identify you. Other data is collected from information you provide to us when you register for any of our online services.The data and information collected are obtained in multiple ways - through our website, mobile application, admissions application, financial services portal, email exchange, third party servicers, surveys, social media, education outreach event and other venues. The information we gather and process about you may include the following categories of information:Application and Financial Aid InformationContact information such as name, mailing address, telephone number and email address may be collected. This includes country of residence.Contact InformationInformation may be collected through the application for admission and financial aid. This information may include your date of birth, citizenship, social security number or other identifying number, driver’s license information and demographic information such as gender, ethnicity, race and military information.Educational Records and Academic HistoryEducation records may be generated through information submitted in the enrollment agreement, orientation, courses and the learning management system. This includes attendance, discussion posts, assignments, quizzes and exams, scores and grades, in addition to transcripts, communication history, student discipline records, and degrees conferred.Educational records may also be collected from third parties, such as other educational entities, including secondary and post-secondary institutions, transcript servicers, and education technology platforms and services.Financial InformationFinancial information may be collected from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), National Student Loan Data System (NSLDS), Common Origination and Disbursement (COD), Federal Tuition Assistance portals (e.g. GoArmyEd), veteran information including veteran benefits, federal tax information, credit card and bank information.This information may include demographic data, prior educational history, federal income tax details for both student and parent, military service history, veteran benefits, consumer debt such as bankruptcy, selective service registration, social security administration, prior financial aid history, credit card, and bank account information.Health InformationIn compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and state or local requirements regarding students with disabilities, information may be collected to provide accommodations or services for qualified students.Survey InformationFeedback and opinion information may be collected from you through University surveys. This information is confidential and may include your opinions regarding the quality of services you received, communication preferences and other information.Professional or employment information may be collected through University surveys to satisfy requirements of accrediting bodies, in addition to the provision of tuition discounts through our association partnerships.Online and Mobile InformationOur websites, or our servicers’ websites, may collect information including online identifiers, browsing information, IP address information, third party cookies, geo-location data and other information described below in more detail.Web beacons: Our websites may use a technology known as web beacons that allows the collection of web log information. A web beacon is a tiny graphic on a web page or in an e-mail message designed to track pages viewed or messages opened. Web log information is gathered when you visit one of our websites by the computer that hosts our website (called a "webserver"). Web beacons also help analyze the effectiveness of websites by measuring the number of visitors to a site or how many visitors clicked on key elements of a site.Cookies: Our websites may use a technology called a "cookie." A cookie is a small data file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive, where your Internet browser files are kept. A cookie saves you the trouble of re-entering certain information in some registration areas because cookies can be used to enable a site to “remember” information a visitor has previously inputted. A cookie also helps deliver content used, information specific to you and it tracks how sections of the website are used. Cookies can be placed on your computer both by us and by third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship, such as web analytic services and advertising network services. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can change your browser settings to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please check your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the site's features. First-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) will be used to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and how interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.Do Not Track:
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that our websites and web-based resources currently do not respond to these signals from web browsers.Google Analytics: Google Analytics may be used to help make our website work better and to help us understand what parts of the website are being utilized. Google Analytics uses technical tools such as first-party cookies and JavaScript code to collect information about visitors. Google Analytics service tracks visitors to the site who have JavaScript enabled. Google Analytics anonymously tracks how visitors interact with a website, including where they came from and what they did on a site. Google Analytics collects the information from users as set forth above. This information is used to administer and update the website, and we will assess whether the visitors to the site match the expected site demographics and determine how key audiences are navigating the content.
Opt-Out Provision: Google Analytics offers an opt-out provision for website visitors who do not want their data to be collected. You can receive more information about this option here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Google's Use of Data: Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html, or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time), information collected in your use of the Google Analytics Information Disclosures and Sharing.Social Media Plugins: Our websites may use Social Media Plugins to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our websites, the operator of the social media plugin that is on our website can place a cookie on your computer that lets that operator recognize individuals on their website who have previously visited our sites. If you have previously logged into the social media website while browsing on our website, social media plugins may allow that social media website to receive directly identifiable information about you that shows you have visited our website. The social media plugin may collect this information for visitors who have logged into social networks, whether or not they specifically interact with the plugin on our website. Social media plugins also allow the social media website to share information about your activities on our website with other users of their social media website. Grantham does not control any of the content from social media plugins. For more information about social plugins from social media websites, you should refer to those sites’ privacy and data sharing statements.Other InformationOther information may be collected from public data source vendors as needed for internal reporting purposes.How We Use Your InformationWe may process your information, including recording, organizing, structuring, storing, using, disclosing, or otherwise making available, aligning, combining, or erasing the information, for the following purposes:Administrative UsesWe may use and disclose the information you provide to send you requested information or other information from us that we think may be of interest to you, respond to your inquiries, improve our website, verify your relationship with us and take other actions that may be necessary to respond to your requests.Business and Marketing UsesWe may use information internally to improve or develop new products, services, communications strategies, and to protect our legal interests. We may use information for marketing purposes.We may also use information you provide, system-generated information or data from external services for reporting and statistical analysis.Application/Registration InformationInformation provided in applying for employment or admission to the University or in registering for courses is used solely for those purposes. Data collected during these processes, either collectively or individually, may be shared with third-party government agencies as required by law.Name and Address InformationWe maintain a database of names and addresses (e-mail and paper mail) of people who may be interested in hearing about new and upcoming events, publications or various University activities. Names on this list come from requests for materials and requests for other information or services. We do not share this list with organizations outside of Grantham University.Payment InformationIn the course of providing our students with automated services, Grantham University receives some personal payment information in the form of checks and credit cards. It is University policy to protect all information provided to us by all participants through the payment process. Grantham University does not sell or share any non-public personal information with any third party, except as may be necessary to complete a transaction in the ordinary course of business, or as required under an applicable law.Other UsesInformation provided may be handled as required or authorized by regulatory entities, national, regional or programmatic accreditors, financial or compliance auditors, insurance entities or any other operational entities applicable to Grantham University.Our Legal BasisWe process your information for the specific purposes listed above pursuant to a legal basis, including the following:Based on your ConsentIn some instances for which you provide information, we may ask for your consent prior to collection and processing. If you choose to provide us with your consent, you may later withdraw your consent (or opt-out) by contacting us as described in the “Your Rights, Our Obligations” section below. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, it will not affect any processing of information that has already occurred. Where we process your information based on consent, we will provide more detailed information to you at the time when it is obtained.Compliance with Applicable Laws or Performance of a ContractIn specific circumstances, we may need to process your information to comply with a relevant law/regulation or to fulfill our obligations under a contract to which you are subject. You will likely not be permitted to object to activities where we process your information to meet our legal obligations, but you will have the right to access or review this information unless it would impede our legal obligations. Where we are processing to fulfill our contractual obligations under a contract where you are a party, you might not be able to object to this processing, or if you do choose to opt-out or object to our processing, it may impact our ability to perform a contractual obligation that you are owed.Our Legitimate InterestWe may process your information based on our legitimate interests in communicating with you and managing our interactions with you regarding our products, services and education opportunities. In addition to the other rights you may have described below, you have the right to object to such processing of your information. You can register your objection by contacting us as described in the “Your Rights, Our Obligations” section below.Children’s InformationOur websites are not intended for or designed for individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information from any person under the age of 18.Protection of Your InformationOur University websites have administrative, technical and physical safeguard measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We utilize industry standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information during the online ordering process, as well as whenever we ask you to login to any of the University’s online student services, such as our library or the student website. We do not sell, rent or share any information submitted by visitors to our site to any third parties except as described in this policy.As an institution of higher learning, Grantham University adheres to the rules and regulations as set forth by Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).Disclosure and Transfer of Your InformationWe share your information with our service providers who facilitate the purposes described above. We disclose information to third parties who provide us with various business services, including marketing or monitoring and maintaining the website, for example. We also share information with third parties with whom we are working to provide you with other services or information. We may also disclose information where required to fulfill our legal or contractual obligations. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable visitor information with third parties for marketing, advertising or other lawful uses.Other than directory information, data you provide to us as you use Grantham University’s website will be held in strict confidence by the University and will be used for University purposes only. The University may share aggregate information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. However, the individual information you provide us within the Grantham University website will be known only to you and the University. We will not share your information with anyone else, except as may be required by law.Our website and online resources are owned and operated in the United States, and the information you provide may be accessible by our affiliates and vendors in other countries. If you are visiting this site from a country other than the United States, your information will cross an international boundary. The level of protection for your information in the United States may not be the same as the level of protection in your country. Your use of the website will result in the collection, storage and processing of your information in the United States and in any country to which we may transfer your information in the course of our business operations.Third Party LinksGrantham University provides links to other third-party websites. When you leave our website, please be aware that Grantham University is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites.Your Rights, Our ObligationsYou have the right to request a copy of your information, including an electronic copy, as well as to ask us to make any corrections to inaccurate or incomplete information we have about you. You can also request that we remove your information when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it, and to restrict how we process your information to certain limited purposes where removal is not possible or when you object to processing of your information. In certain circumstances, you may be able to request that we send a copy of your information to a third party of your choosing. If you tell us that you do not wish to have information we collect used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. Exercising these rights will not impact any characteristics of the educational services available to you.To obtain a copy of your official transcript or have a copy of your official transcript sent to a third party, it will need to be ordered via National Student Clearinghouse. You will be required to use a bank card/debit card or any major credit card. Your card will only be charged after your order has been completed. Official Transcripts cost $15 per transcript. To request your official Grantham transcript, click here.To obtain a copy of your unofficial transcript, please email this request to studentrecords@grantham.edu or call toll-free at (888) 947-2684. Our GLife site also provides you with the ability to obtain an unofficial web transcript by going to the GLife home page and clicking through to “Student Records” and “View Your Unofficial Web Transcript”. Be sure to include your name and contact information in all email requests.To request a complete copy of your information, modify or correct your information, provide more complete information or request information be sent to a third party, please email your request to studentrecords@grantham.edu or call toll-free at (888) 947-2684. Be sure to include your name and contact information in all email requests.To opt out of the processing of your information, request restrictions for how we process your information or request removal of your information, please email your request to dataprotectionteam@grantham.edu or call toll-free at (833) 291-2680. Be sure to include your name and contact information in all email requests.If you do not want to receive our e-mail marketing, please submit a request to have your e-mail address removed at the following: unsubscribe@grantham.edu or call toll-free at (888) 947-2684.Updated 12/20/2019
COVID-19: At Grantham, the safety of our students is our top priority. As a 100% online university, we're open and ready to deliver quality education.