http://www.flemingc.on.ca/privacy-policy
»
Home »
Privacy Statement
COOKIES
To ensure that we are publishing content
that our customers desire, Fleming College collects aggregated site-visitation
statistics using cookies. However, we do not track individuals’ use of the site.
A cookie is placed on the customer’s machine (if the customer accepts cookies)
or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.
If you choose not to have your browser
accept cookies from the site, you will still be able to view the text on the
screen. However, you may not experience a personalized visit and some of the
site features may be disabled.
FLEMING
COLLEGE PRIVACY STATEMENT Fleming College (the “College) is
committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. Fleming
College collects, uses and discloses the personal information of students,
alumni and other parties, including but not limited to faculty, staff and
private citizens under the legal authority of the Ontario Colleges
of Applied Arts and Technology Act,
2002, S.O. 2002, Schedule F (“OCAAT Act”). In all circumstances, when handling
the personal information of any individual, Fleming College is obligated to
adhere to the provisions of the Freedom of
Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA). The College’s personal information handling practices are set out in
more detail in College
Policy 1-111 Access to Information and Protection of Privacy v2. The College will only collect personal information
where the collection is necessary for the proper administration of the College
or is otherwise permitted or required by law. Additionally, any time personal
information is collected, it will be done in accordance with Fleming College’s Collection of Personal
Information Procedure. The personal information collected
may include, but is not limited to your name, address, age, and education
history. For additional information regarding the types of information Fleming
College may collect, please consult Fleming College’s Access to Information and
Protection of Privacy Policy linked above.
The
College collects personal information at several points of contact including
from prospective students, current student, alumni, and staff. This information
is used for the academic, administrative, employment-related, financial,
statistical, marketing, and other appropriate purposes of the College, or for
purposes consistent with these uses.
Specific purposes for the collection of
information will be set out at the time of collection where required and where
distinct from the above noted purposes. If no purpose is indicated, the
information is collected and will be used for the above purposes, or purposes
reasonably consistent with those set out above, subject to the provisions of
FIPPA. The collected data may also be aggregated, linked to other data, or
otherwise used by the College for the purposes of reviewing, improving and
developing College programs, policies, and recruitment strategies, measuring
program performance and assessing future program needs. In the case of College
staff, information is collected primarily for the purpose of managing the
employment relationship. The College will use or disclose personal
information where reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was
collected, or where authorized or required by law to do so. Information on
admissions, registration and academic achievement may be used or disclosed as
part of the day to day operations of the college, for statistical and research
purposes by the College, where it is necessary and proper in the discharge of
the College’s functions, or as required by law. The College may also make
available personal information, as required, to third parties who provide
services reasonably necessary to the College’s operations, or to the
achievement of the purposes stated above. On occasions, personal information
may be collected, used and/or disclosed in jurisdictions outside of Ontario.
Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Fleming College is required to disclose personal information such as
Ontario Education Numbers, student characteristics and educational outcomes to
the Minister of Colleges and Universities under s. 15 of the Ministry
of Training, Colleges and Universities Act,
R.S.O. 1990, Chapter M. 19, as amended, under the authority of the Ontario
Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Act,
2002. The ministry collects this data for purposes such as planning, allocating
and administering public funding to colleges, universities and other
post-secondary educational and training institutions and to conduct research
and analysis, including longitudinal studies, and statistical activities
conducted by or on behalf of the ministry for purposes that relate to
post-secondary education and training. Further information on the collection
and use of student-level enrollment-related data can be obtained from the
Ministry of Colleges and Universities website. In addition, the federal Statistics
Act provides the legal authority for
Statistics Canada to obtain access to personal information held by educational
institutions. The information may be used for statistical purposes only, and
the confidentiality provisions of the Statistics Act prevent the information
from being released in any way that would identify a student. Students who do
not wish to have their information used can ask Statistics Canada to remove
their identifying information from the national database. To make such a
request, please contact the Institutional Surveys Section of Statistics Canada. The names of alumni, their School and
program, award information, degrees, diplomas and certificates awarded, and
date of graduation is considered public information and may be published by Fleming
College. In addition, student photographs posted by the College in the form of
individual pictures or class pictures may be publicly displayed. Fleming
College may also collect personal information from other relevant sources
including, without limitation, the Ontario Colleges Application Service,
secondary schools, colleges, universities and other institutions previously
attended, including third-party services and test score providers where the
items collected form a part of the application or admission process to a
College program. In addition to collecting personal information for its own
purposes, Fleming College collects specific and limited personal information on
behalf of Fleming College’s Student Associations. The Student Associations use
personal information for the purpose of membership, administration, elections,
annual general meetings, health plans and other related matters only. Please
contact the relevant Student Association if you have questions about the
collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and their
respective privacy policies. The College will take all reasonable measures to
safeguard personal information in its custody or control, including but not
limited to physical, technical, and operational measures. The College will
require, by contract or otherwise, that any third-party service provider to
whom personal information is transferred has adequate policies and safeguards
in place to protect that information. Further, any and all third-party service
providers that act on Fleming College’s behalf are contractually obligated to keep
the information provided to them confidential and to use the information we
share only to provide the services we ask them to perform.
The College will ensure that information which is
disposed of in accordance with College policies and all applicable regulations
is destroyed securely, in a manner which protects the privacy of personal
information. By providing your personal information to the College,
you consent to the use or disclosure of personal information as set out above
and to the extent necessary to fulfill these purposes. You have a right to
withdraw your consent to the use or disclosure of your personal information,
however this may have an impact on the College’s ability to provide services to
you, including in the case of current students your ability to continue in your
studies at the College. Students wishing to withdraw consent in full or in part
to the use or disclosure of their personal information should contact the Privacy and Policy Officer for more information on
the consequences of withdrawing consent. You have a right of access to your personal information
in the custody or control of the College, subject to the terms of FIPPA and its
regulations. To make such a request, or if you have questions about this
Statement or about the College’s personal information handling practices please
consult the Access to Information and
Protection of Privacy Department's website. If
you have a complaint about the College’s handling of your personal information,
please contact the Privacy and
Policy Officer. If your
complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, FIPPA provides a mechanism for
independent review by contacting the Information and
Privacy Commissioner of Ontario. For
additional information regarding how Fleming College collects, uses, retains, and discloses personal information, consult the Access
to Information and Protection of Privacy Department's website for additional Policies and Procedures.
Last Revised: 2020-11-11
Important Information
Contacts
Privacy and Policy Officer(705) 917-3046freedomofinformation@flemingcollege.ca