http://www.yourstudentsunion.com/more/terms-and-conditions/
Basket
Basket
Your basket is empty.
More
Login
Register
MyUnion
Admin
Edit
Basket
Basket
Your basket is empty.
Menu
Home
What's On
Student Voice
Your Representatives
Campaigns
Elections
The Rep Hub
Student Charter
Jobs & Skills
BankIt
JobShop
Work for Us!
Volunteering
Sport
All Clubs
Membership
Photo upload
Get Up & Go
Advice
Academic Support
Faith & Spirituality
Harassment & Discrimination
Health
Housing & Community
LGBT
Money
Pastoral Care
Student Charter
Transport
Societies
All Societies
Society Resources
Committee Elections
Start a New Society
RAG
Get Up & Go
Feedback
Shop
TOTUM
More
About Us
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
Documents
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Work For Us
Sustainability
Terms and Conditions
Purchasing
Website Use
Privacy Policy
Purchasing
Buying Online
When making a purchase from or via Your Students' Union for any product, including joining clubs and societies (membership fees), payments will be processed through Sage Pay, a division of Sage (UK) Ltd, and Streamline Merchant Services.
We do not store credit card details unkess with your consent and we use industry standard SSL encryption to ensure the safety of your data.
All payments are made in a live environment - upon clicking 'Pay Now', your credit or debit card will be billed with the agreed amount and your order will be immediately processed.
Once your order has been completed, you should receive a confirmation email from mail@glos.ukmsl.net to your message centre inbox on the Union website. This can additionally be viewed at a later date by viewing the 'Purchase History' section of the website.
To edit the email address this receipt is sent to, click on the 'My Contact Details' link when logged into the site.
These terms shall be governed by English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. Nothing in these terms shall exclude liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Refunds
ALL TICKETS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE AND NON-TRANSFERRABLE.
All tickets sold for SU events, either online or at Reception, are subject to the terms and conditions set out on the SU website and to the venue regulations. A breach of any of these conditions may render your ticket invalid.
All sales are final, and refunds are not available on tickets once they have been purchased (including duplicates purchased in error, tickets bought for the wrong event or non-attendance due to illness or injury). Please note that this is standard practice at every entertainments venue in the UK.
However, there are certain instances in which a refund may be given:
The entire event has been cancelled by the SU or affiliated promoter. In this instance, refunds are available to everyone who has purchased a ticket in advance, at face value. Any booking fees or associated extras should be sought from the point of purchase. Please note that relocation of the event to a different venue will not qualify unless the capacity of the new venue is less than the number of ticket holders.
The event has been stopped whilst in progress due to circumstances beyond our control which may be deemed as too unsafe to continue. In this instance, a decision will be made by management as to whether refunds will be offered to those with tickets. However, refunds will only be given in special circumstances and as approved by management.
The main performing artiste has cancelled or the bill has been significantly changed, but the event has still taken place. In this instance, all attempts will be made to replace the artiste with a suitable and equivalent alternative. Refunds will only be considered in exceptional circumstances and if the ticket holder can prove non-attendance as a direct result of the change to the bill.
The event has sold out, and there are people waiting for extra tickets.  In this instance refunds may be given, and the tickets then resold to people on the waiting list, once the re-sale cash has been received in full.
In all instances management’s decision is final, based on the individual circumstances, and not open to discussion.
Website Use
Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy is intended to help create an atmosphere in which freedom of speech is balanced by self-discipline and a mature attitude to discussion. We encourage people to join in discussions on this website and it would therefore be very surprising if exchanges did not occasionally become a little heated!
By virtue of your participation in this website, forums and through uploading content, you are deemed to have agreed to abide by the rules. Although we cannot take responsibility for monitoring every message that is sent to the web site, we must reserve the right to remove items submitted from anyone who ignores these rules.
Personal Identification
All submitted content will require your username and password, chosen at time of registration. Do not represent yourself as another person.
Use of Language
Content on this website should not be malicious or designed to offend. In particular, the use of swear words or undue profanity is discouraged. By uploading content, you undertake to indemnify us and our employees and sub-contractors against any liability arising from any obscene, defamatory, seditious, blasphemous or other actionable statement published by you on this site and against all damages, losses, claims and costs (including, without limitation, fines and expenses arising out of or incurred in conducting or defending any proceedings) arising from any such actionable statements.
Conduct of Discussion
The Discussion Forum is intended primarily for topics relating to Your Students' Union and for the discussion of items of membership interest. Please try to keep to the topic.
No reference should be made to the personality of other participants in a discussion, nor should attacks be made on an individual's character unless the person concerned has already chosen to bring his or her personality into the issue under discussion.
One-to-one arguments, disagreements and disputes of a personal nature must be conducted through private Email and not through public discussion.
You should remember that you are legally responsible for what you write. By participating in a discussion, you undertake to indemnify us and our employees and sub-contractors against any liability arising from any breach of confidentiality, copyright or other intellectual property right published by you on this site and against all damages, losses, claims and costs (including, without limitation, all expenses incurred in conducting or defending any proceedings) arising from any such publication. You must not make statements that are libellous, obscene, seek to incite racial hatred or otherwise break the laws of the United Kingdom.
Private Email and Club / Society emails
If a person has sent you a private e-mail, you may not forward it to a public discussion group without the prior consent of the person who sent it. This does not prevent you forwarding private e-mail to Your Students' Union staff should you consider this appropriate. Any contact information you may be granted access to on the site should remain within it and not used for any other external emailing purposes. Any unauthorised attempt to extract or expose personal information for use outside of the website will be subject to disciplinary procedures.
Advertising and Research
Advertising and Research will only be accepted when operated by or approved through Your Students' Union Marketing and Research Departments. A fee will be charged for this service.
Complaints about a Breach of these Rules
Complaints about a breach of these Rules should be made by private e-mail to the Students' Union President.
Deliberate Abuse and / or Misuse of the website
Any attempt to circumvent or manipulate your access rights to the website will be treated as a disciplinary offence and treated in accordance with our disciplinary procedures. Your access to this site is granted to you as an individual and your login details should be treated as strictly private and confidential. It is a disciplinary offence to share your access details with other users. Should you suspect that your account is being used by another person, you should change your password immediately and contact Your Students' Union website staff.
Site Content
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of information displayed on this site, no warranty or representation is given as to its quality, accuracy or completeness. It is the responsibility of the user to judge the accuracy of information before relying on it in any way.
your Students' Union will accept no responsibility for any loss or damage of whatever nature arising from the use of, or inability to use, this site, or from any error or omission in information contained in the site.
We reserve the right to amend or otherwise alter the information displayed on this site. Whilst every effort is made to ensure this site provides a safe environment for all visitors, the dynamic and open nature of areas such as the discussion forums prevent the Students' Union from monitoring all content posted here. Content of a questionable nature can be reported to the Union Officers or staff. Any links to other websites provided by this website have been included for convenience only, and we accept no responsibility or liability for the contents of any linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of any linked website or its provider. Copyright in the content of the site and Your Students' Union trademarks, logos and brands contained in the site belongs to Your Students' Union. Users are permitted to download and store (on a temporary basis) any of the contents of this site, provided this is solely to view such contents using a personal computer. Users are forbidden to permanently copy or store or in any way redistribute the contents of this site unless explicitly authorised to do so.
More
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Documents
Equality & Diversity
Online Invoice Payments
Privacy Policy
Sustainability
Terms & Conditions
Work For Us
Back To Top