http://www.desu.edu/student-life/housing-dining/apply-housing/residential-policies-procedures
Skip to main content
COVID-19 update: (More Info..)
CARES Act Relief Fund (More Info..)             Student Emergency Relief Fund: Support students (More Info..)
Return to Content
Student LifeHousing & DiningApply for HousingHousing Comparison Matrix
What to Bring & What Not to Bring
Residential Policies and Procedures
Maintenance, IT Request, and Laundry
Residential HallsMedgar W. Evers Hall
Meta V. Jenkins Hall
W. Richard Wynder Tower
Living and Learning Commons
Warren-Franklin Hall
University Courtyard
University Village
Tubman-Laws Hall
Housing Staff
Resident Assistant
Roommate Success GuideTips for Roommate Success
Off-Campus Living
Food Service-Dining
Dorm Room Movers
Student OrganizationsBusiness Organizations
Campus Ministries
Fraternity and Sorority Life
Musical Groups
Special Interest Groups
Student Media
Graduate Student Association
Student Government Association
Organization & Advisor Resources
Register Student Organization
Service and Community
Career ServicesStudent ServicesDIVE D.E.E.P.
Student Employment
Internships
What can I do with this major?
Graduate Study
Career Assessment
Resume/Interviewing Resources
No-Show Policy
Roadmap
Employer ResourcesHire-a-Hornet
Job Offer and Acceptance Guidelines
Events & Workshops
Online Resources
Work Study
Industry Advisory Board
Mission Statement
Staff and Ambassadors
Success Stories
Student Health ServicesAfter Hours Care
CoronavirusAcademic Advisement Resources
CARES Act Relief FundsCARES Act Relief Fund FAQs
COVID Screening Form
COVID Testing Schedule
COVID-19 Health Screenings App
Families First Response Act
How-to Videos
Off Campus Health Resources
Pass/Fail Policy - Spring 2020
Request to Enter Campus
Student Employment Pay
Student Telehealth Services
Students, Faculty and Staff FAQs
Counseling ServicesPsychological Emergency/Crisis
Health Center Director & Staff
Student Health Insurance
Wellness & RecreationAbout WRC
AquaticsAquatics Jobs
Pool Parties
Club Sports
Contact WRC
Employment Opportunities
Facilities
Hornet FitnessGroup Fitness
Employee Fitness
Hours
Intramural Sports
Membership
Student Organization Cup Challenge
AthleticsDSUHornets.com
Academic ServicesNCAA Eligibility
NCAA Faculty Athletics Representative (FAR)
Student Athlete Advisory Committee
Study Hall
Study Tips & Strategies
Campus EventsEvent Rates & Policies
Plan An Event
DSU At Home
Dreamers
Facilities Management
Judicial Affairs
Title IX
AdmissionsUndergraduate StudentsHow to download your SAT/ACT score report
Graduate Students
Other Admissions TypesTransfer Students
International Students
DTCC Connected Degree Program
Early Bird Program
Accepted StudentsNew Student Information
New Student OrientationChange of Major Request
Register for NSO
Returning Students
Military/Veteran StudentsVeterans Affairs Educational Programs FAQs
Honors Program Admission
Academic Regulations
Articulation Agreements
Financial AidTuition & Fees1098 T Tax Reporting Information
Mission and Vision
ScholarshipsInspire Scholarship
In-State Freshman
Out-of-State Freshman
Returning & Transfer Students
Osher Crankstart Scholarships
Forms & Publications
Current Students
Applying for AidFederal Verification
Helpful Hints
Special Circumstances
Step-by-Step Process
Summer
Winter
CostNet Price Calculator
EligibilitySatisfactory Academic Progress
Citizenship
Consortium Agreement
Dependency
International Students
Non-Degree Students
Other Enrollment Programs
Student Rights and Responsibilities
Study Abroad
Forms
Receiving FundsDisbursement
Financial Aid Offer
Refunds
University billing schedule
ResourcesFinancial Aid FAQs
Contact Us
Types and SourcesGrants
LoansPLUS Loans
Stafford Loans
Alternative Loans
Scholarships
Sources
Work-Study Employment
Apply Now
Visit DSUVirtual Tour
Admissions EventsHornet DaysLocations
Open House
Transfer Wednesdays
Welcome Days
Directions to DSU
Local Accommodations
Schedule a Virtual Tour
Admissions Resources
DSU Online
Records & RegistrationIn-State Tuition Rate
Request Info
AcademicsAcademic AffairsStrategic Plan
Institutional EffectivenessAssessment Office
Center for Teaching and LearningNew Faculty
Professional Travel
Student Course Evaluations
Professional Development
Celebrating Our Faculty
Institutional Research, Planning, and AnalyticsData Request
Fact Book 2019-20Fact Book 2018-19Fact Book 2017-18
Fact Book 2016-17
Fact Book 2015-16
Fact Book 2014-15
Fact Book 2013-14
Fact Book 2012-13
Fact Book 2011-12
Fact Book 2010-11
Fact Book 2009-10
Fact Book 2008-09
Consumer Information (HEOA Compliance)Complaint and State Contact Information
DSU Self StudyDSU 2022 Self Study
Title III Program
Center for Neighborhood Revitalization and Research
Contact Academic Affairs
Dr. DeLauder’s Academic Philosophy
Forms
ResearchFaculty Research
Centers & InstitutesThe Ethics Resource Site
URELAH ProgramExperiential Learning
Hornet Leadership Academy
Undergraduate Research
Majors & Programs
Course Catalogs
Graduate Studies & Research
Student SuccessAcademic Advisement15 Strong to Completion
Academic Advisement Directory
Advisement & Registration FAQs
Advisement and Preregistration Plan
Advising FAQs
Academic Recovery Program
Advisors & Staff
Individual Development Plan
Integrated Academic Support ServicesQuantitative Reasoning Center
Supplemental Instruction
Tutorial Center
Writing StudioWriting Studio Instructor Form
Computer Labs
ServicesGeneral EducationGeneral Education Committee
University Seminar
Student Accessibility ServicesStudent ResourcesService and Assistance Animals - University Expectations
Transitioning from High School to College
Alternate Format Book Request Form
Documentation Requirements
Student Request for Accommodations Form
Delivering the Accommodation Letter
Common Accommodations
Renew My Accommodation Letter
Free Resources for All Students
Confidential Release of Information Form
Helpful Apps and Software
College to CareerEmployment Information
SAS FAQs
SAS Appeals Procedure
Faculty & Administrator ResourcesConversations with Students & Confidentiality
Online Accommodations and Access
Making Appropriate Referrals
SAS Syllabus Statement
Facilitating Accommodations
Request a Workshop or Guest LectureRequest a SAS Workshop or Guest Lecture Form
Parent, Guardian & Family ResourcesOpen Letter to Parents
Student Success Programs
ALEKS Math PlacementAccessing ALEKS for the First Time
Understanding Your Score
Dates and Deadlines
ALEKS Help
Student Success FAQs
Honors ProgramAdmission Criteria
Honors Students Association
Honors Program Curriculum
Benefits of Membership
Honor Societies
Student Learning Outcomes
Honors Program Admission
Adult/Continuing EducationMission and Purpose
Youth Summer Camps
Testing Services and ProgramsCLEP Exams & Credits
How to Request an Exam
Proctor Services for DSU Faculty
Services and Workshops
Testing Accommodation Request
Testing Center Locations
Testing Faculty/Staff Survey
Testing Operations During University Delays and Closings
Testing Resources
Who Are We
MyCAA
Assessment Exams and Digital Badging
Credentialing Certifications
How to Register for a Course
Micro Certifications
Training Courses
DSU OnlineFind The System That’s Right for You
Never Too Late
Online Learning
Request a Blackboard Organization
State Authorization
Student Complaints
International ProgramsStudy Abroad
Study Abroad Stories
Resources & FormsInternational Request Form
International Students Association
International Events
Prospective International Students
Library
Access to Success
Commencement
Technology & Training Center (TTC)Contact DTTC
Course Registration
Funding Opportunities
ResearchSponsored ProgramsBenefits of Grant Writing
Forms Library
Other Information
About130th AnniversaryAlice Dunbar Nelson (1873-1935)
Committee Members
Fund Drive
At a Glance
AdministrationOffice of the PresidentAbout Tony
Presidents of Delaware State University
Request a Meeting
Invite the President
Presidential TransitionTransition Team
Board of TrusteesBoard Agendas and Minutes
Board Members
Committees
Faculty Senate
Finance and AdministrationAccounting DepartmentGeneral Accounting and Reporting
Accounts Payable
Enterprise Risk Management
Payroll
PurchasingBid Process and Forms
Restricted Funds Accounting
Human ResourcesBenefits and Compensation
HR Forms
Holiday Calendar
Human Resources Staff
Job Openings
Policies and Procedures
Diversity & Inclusion
Information TechnologyDigital Student Universe
Webmail
Institutional Advancement
Internal Audit and Advisory Services
Marketing and CommunicationsThe Brand
Marketing Project Request Form
The Visual System
Branding In Your Area
The University Voice
Editorial Style Guide for Printed Publications
Official University Facts
Social Media Guidelines
Role of the Department of Marketing and Communications
Website Guidelines
Photography Guidelines
Email Newsletters
Media Guidelines
Merchandise Guidelines
Event and Ceremony Guidelines
Strategic Enrollment Management
Student Affairs
University Policies and ProceduresAdministrative Policies
Academic/Research/Library Policies
Financial Policies
Human Resources Policies
General Counsel/Legal Affairs Policies
Student Affairs and Enrollment Management Policies
Risk and Safety Management Policies
Information Technology Policies
Procurement and Auxiliary Services Policies
Facilities Management Policies
University Athletics Policies
University Foundation Policies
Sexual Misconduct, Harassment & Sex DiscriminationSexual Assault Resource Options
Sexual Misconduct Report Form
Title IX Formal Complaint Form
When to Contact Title IX Coordinator
Forms Library
Alumni Relations40 Under/Over 40
Alumni Scholarships
Class Gifts
DSUAAAlumni Consent
Alumni Elected Officers
Chapter Presidents
Share Your Story
Stay Informed
The Echo
Contact Alumni Relations
Campus Contacts
Campus Map & Directions
Police DepartmentAbout Us
Safety Corner
Parking
Start By Believing
Daily Crime and Fire Log
Emergency Alerts
Join Us
Contact Police DeptLost & Found
Silent Witness Form
DSU Georgetown
DSU Wilmington
HistoryTime Capsule
DSU Alerts
GivingDonate
Ways to GiveNaming OpportunitiesJerome Holland StatueBrick Drive
The Story
Periodic Table of DonorsActinides
Alkali Metals
Alkaline Earth
Basic Metals
Halogens
Lanthanide
Noble Gases
Nonmetals
Semimetals
Transition Metals
Establish a Scholarship
Corporations & Foundations
Solicitation GuidelinesFundraising Event Request
Off-Campus Solicitation
On-Campus Solicitation
Privately Funded Proposal Registration Form
Solicitation by Alumni
Institutional Advancement
DSU Face Mask
Employee Giving
Student Emergency Relief FundScholarship Thank You Letter
Thank You Alumni Donors
Student Emergency Relief Fund Application
Other Links
News
Events
Students
Faculty
StaffEvent Assistance Request
Alumni
Parents
DSU Hornets
Home >
Student Life >
Housing & Dining >
New and Returning Students: Apply for Spring 2021 Housing >
Residential Policies and Procedures
Residential Policies and Procedures
The following is a summary of some rules and regulations of the University; in addition, students are responsible for reading the Code of Student Conduct in The Student Handbook, which contains information about alcohol and drugs, additional policies, and other important information about student rights and responsibilities.
Flammable Materials / Candles / Incense
The burning of candles, incense, and similar materials is a fire hazard and is prohibited in residence hall rooms and on exterior window sills. The storage and use of flammable fluid is prohibited.
Appliances and Room Alterations
Approved appliances for use in student rooms include:
clocks
radios
computers
stereos
fans
televisions
lamps
typewriters
Residents may use the following appliances with reasonable caution:
blow dryers
irons
curling irons
These appliances may not be used at all in residence halls:
coffee pots
toasters
grills
popcorn poppers
hot plates (other than hot-air)
skillets
other cooking equipment
air conditioners
gas appliances
dehumidifiers
heating pads
electric blankets
candle warmers
hot-air popcorn poppers
sun lamps or indoor grills such as “The George Foreman Grill”
refrigerators with a medical slip from a license physician
If there are health reasons for certain equipment, specifically air conditioners, you must receive approval from the Student Health Services and be assigned to a hall where central air conditioning is provided.  Appropriate documentation from a licensed physician is required. Tampering, altering, or rewiring electrical outlets is a fire and safety hazard and is not permitted. Overloading outlets with many appliances is also a fire hazard.  Questions about overloading can be directed to the Hall Manager.  Any arrangement of furniture or decorations that blocks or impedes exits or entrances to a residence hall room is prohibited.
Damage
Students are responsible for the condition of their room, the furniture assigned to that room, and the interior of the room door.  Charges will be assessed for damage resulting from the use of tape, tacks, nails, screws, or pins on walls or furniture.  Charges will be assessed and vary depending on the nature of the damage.  Failure to remove these items will result in an additional $10 charge at the next scheduled health, safety, and maintenance inspection.
Keys and University IDs
Dishonest use of a key and/or University ID is a violation of University policy. Because your key and ID are used for admission to various University facilities and activities, the lending, borrowing, altering, or duplicating of a residence hall key or ID is strictly prohibited.  A re-key fee is charged if the key is not returned upon vacancy of the room.
Alcohol
Delaware State University is a “dry” campus; meaning, alcohol is not allowed on campus. Alcohol consumption is illegal for persons under 21 years of age. Empty containers of alcoholic beverages (e.g., beer cans, liquor, and wine bottles) are indicators of consumption and therefore prohibited in rooms of all students.  For regulations covering the consumption and possession of alcohol, refer to pages 96-97, and 305 of the Code of Student Conduct. The delivery of alcohol to any residence hall is prohibited.
Bicycles
Students are expected to operate bicycles in a safe and courteous manner and comply with University regulations and state laws pertaining to bicycle operation, including safety equipment standards. Bicycles are subject to the same driving laws as motor vehicles, and citations for improper and unsafe riding may be issued.  Bicycles may not be operated in the residence halls at any time, and may not be stored in rooms or not in any public areas of the halls. Complete bicycle regulations are contained in The Student Handbook and are also available from Police Services.
Business Ventures
Residence hall rooms may not be used for business purposes of any nature.  Unauthorized selling, collecting of money, and promotion on campus or within any University building is not permitted.  Students may not act as agents for business firms that entail solicitations or the receiving of business offers or goods on University property.
Fire Regulations
Please be sure to locate the fire alarms and exits in your hall. Your prompt and complete cooperation in case of fire is important for everyone’s safety.  Each room is equipped with a smoke detector, but it is not attached to the main hall system.  In case of a fire in your room, you must pull a fire alarm in the hallway to activate the hall system, then call 911 to report the fire’s location and notify a hall staff member.
If an alarm has been sounded, raise your shade, turn on the room light, and check the door for heat.  If the door is hot, block the floor crack with a towel and attempt to signal for help from your window.  If the door is not hot, exit your room, close the door behind you, stay near the floor, and leave the building by the nearest exit.  Under no circumstances should you re-enter a burning building.
Remaining in a residence hall during a fire alarm is a violation of the Code of Student Conduct and will be dealt with in a disciplinary matter.
False Alarms
Anyone turning in a false fire or bomb report, either by telephone or by setting off an alarm, or anyone tampering with fire extinguishers or smoke detectors is subject to suspension from the University and prosecution under the Delaware State Revised Code and/or the Code of Student Conduct.
Fireplaces
Many residence hall living rooms have functional fireplaces. They may be used only during specified hours with the permission of the Hall Manager.  Extreme care should be exercised when using a fireplace. Residents using the fireplace are responsible for keeping the glass doors or screens closed while the fire is burning.
Hall Sports
Students are prohibited from playing sports or rough-housing in the halls as this may disrupt the living/learning environment.  Hall sports include, but are not limited to, tossing, bouncing, or kicking a ball or frisbee, rollerblading, biking, using a scooter, or use of water guns or water balloons.
Legal Drug Usage and Other Medical Conditions
If you are a student who needs special medication by injection, the Student Health Services is available to help you.  If you need to give yourself injections, please arrange for safe and sanitary disposal of your syringes.  You are encouraged to notify the Student Health Services and your hall Manger if you have a medical condition that may require special attention.  Appropriate confidentiality will be maintained.
Musical Instruments
Musical instruments may not be played in the halls. Violation of this policy may result in a resident being required to store the instrument until it can be removed from campus, or the removal of the resident from the halls. Persons failing to comply with the musical instrument regulation may be charged with a noise violation. Similarly, the volume of stereos or other sound systems must be low enough so sound does not carry to other student rooms or outdoors.
Noise Policy
Noise violations are often viewed subjectively by both students and staff. Based on experience, the following examples constitute clear violations of the noise policy:
noises, music, or voices that are clearly distinguishable in the corridor during restricted quiet hours
heavy percussion or bass sounds that vibrate through any walls, doors, ceilings, or floors
alarms or music playing in an empty room
pounding on doors, bouncing sports equipment or other items on the walls or floor of a room or corridor
failure to respect courtesy hours
For the purposes of this policy, noise shall be considered too loud if it can be heard outside of a room with the door closed during quiet hours. Courtesy and common sense should prevail at all other times. Please note: All students present in a room are charged with a noise violation in that room unless one resident takes responsibility for the violation.
Pets
Pets can create safety and sanitation hazards and, therefore, are not permitted in the residence halls. Fish are the only acceptable pets permitted in any residence hall and may be kept in tanks no larger than 5 gallons.  Fish should be removed from residence halls during winter and spring breaks.
Quiet and Courtesy Hours
Quiet hours are a specified time each day when the hall is to remain quiet.  The primary purpose of living in residence halls is to support the student’s academic experience.  Therefore, courtesy hours are in effect at all times.  Courtesy hours indicate that all residents are expected to accommodate reasonable requests for quiet by students, residence life staff, or housekeeping staff.  Failure to comply with these requests may result in documentation of a noise violation.
On the weekdays, quiet hours begin at 9 pm to 8 am.  During the weekends, quiet hours begin at midnight to 8am.  Weekdays are defined as Sunday to Thursday and Weekends are defined as Friday to Saturday. During finals week there are 24 hour quiet hours from Friday, or the designated reading day, before finals until the end of finals.  Students may be asked to leave the residence halls if they are found to be in violation of quiet hours during the 24 hour quiet period.
Radio Transmission
Radio transmission is not permitted in residence halls except through authorized agencies such as WDSU radio.
Roofs
Residents are not permitted on any roof (including porches) because of potential injury or roof damage.  Students found in violation of this policy may be subject to disciplinary action.
Renters Insurance
Neither Delaware State University or the Department of Housing and Residential Education is liable if your property is lost, stolen, or damaged in any way, anywhere on the premises (including storage areas).
Residents are liable for all damages to their apartment and belongings, and to neighbors’ apartments and belongings that occur due to their, or their guests’, actions. Renters insurance protects you from financial loss if there is a fire, leak, or flood in your apartment.
Most Renters Insurance policies do not cover protection from flooding unless you specifically request a “rider” or addendum to the policy.
Smoking
Delaware State University is now a smoke-free campus. The use of legal tobacco products is prohibited anywhere on campus.
Weapons
Because of the threat of violence in our society, we are very concerned about weapons in our residence halls.  Therefore, we prohibit the possession of weapons or those items that a casual observer might perceive to be a weapon (e.g., toy guns, stun guns etc.).  Persons found to be in possession of such items or weapons may be charged with a violation of the Code of Student Conduct.  For further information on this policy, please read the student handbook.
Visitation Policies
We expect that if you want to have a guest, you will consult your roommate(s)/suitemates in an effort to maintain positive roommate relations. A resident’s right to privacy takes priority over a roommate’s desire to entertain guests.  If you have a guest in your room against the expressed wishes of your roommate, you may face administrative relocation to another residence hall room.
A guest is defined as any person in a residence hall room or public area of a residence hall who is not a currently assigned resident of that room or residence hall.  A guest can be a person who does not attend Delaware University or a Delaware State University student who lives off-campus, in a different hall, or in a different room in the hall.
A host is a resident of the hall who has a guest. To maintain a living environment that respects the privacy and security of the residents and the hall, hosts and guests are required to abide by these policies:
All guests must have a specific host who is a resident of the room and/or residence hall that the guest is visiting.
Guests are subject to the same rules and regulations found in the Code of Student Conduct and The Student Handbook as their host. The host is responsible for informing the guest of these regulations in advance of the visit.
The host will be held responsible for inappropriate behavior of guests, including those who are Delaware State students.
If the guests are not Delaware State students, the host assumes full financial responsibility for the behavior and actions of his/her guests while they are on campus.
For safety and security reasons, a guest must be escorted at all times and in all areas of the residence hall by his/her host.
Guests MUST use bathrooms designated for use by persons of their own sex.
Guests may not use a resident’s key or ID card for any reason, including access to the residence hall or dining hall.
During the course of their visit, guests are expected to behave in a way that contributes positively to the residence hall community, showing respect and consideration for others and for property.
Visitation Hours
Visitation is the opportunity for members of the opposite sex to visit in student rooms.  Specifically, the policy allows members of one sex to visit members of the opposite sex in their residence hall room during specified hours. Quiet hours, the visitation policies, and all rules and regulations found in the Code of Student Conduct remain in effect during visitation hours. The University recognizes that students may need to work collaboratively on academic work during non-visitation hours. In each residence hall, there are 24-hour study rooms, typically found in the lobby and lounge.  Consult your Manager to obtain a complete list of all areas of your residence hall that are available for visitation during the social hours.
Visitation hours are 10 am-12 midnight Monday-Thursday; 10 am-2 am Friday; 2 pm-2 am Saturday; 2 pm-12 midnight Sunday.
Each resident is permitted a maximum of 2 guests.
Overnight Guests
Visitation hours do not permit students to have guests of the opposite sex stay overnight in their residence hall room. There are no accommodations in any University residence hall for overnight guests of the opposite sex.  However, students are permitted to have overnight guests of the same sex. To maintain a living environment that respects the privacy of the residents and to maintain security in the building, hosts and overnight guests are required to abide by all policies that apply to guests (see Visitation section above.) Overnight guests are expected to comply with the Visitation Policy, the rules and regulations found in the Code of Student Conduct, and the Overnight Guest Policy.  Delaware State students not complying with these policies will be subject to disciplinary action.  We expect that if you wish to have an overnight guest, you will consult your roommate(s)/suitemates in an effort to maintain positive roommate relations.  All policies pertaining to guests also pertain to overnight guests. The Student Handbook, page 90, Visitation Policy, states:
“Overnight visitors (of same sex ONLY must register at the residence hall upon arrival.  A fee of $5 payable in advance is charged for each night of visitation. Overnight guests are authorized only on Friday and /or Saturday nights and no guest shall stay in the residence halls for a period greater than three days during any calendar month.  No one under the age of 16 may stay overnight.”
Overnight guests are not permitted to occupy residence hall beds without specifically requesting the permission of those to whom the bed is assigned. Overnight guests may not sleep in living rooms, lounges, or on lounge furnishings. Hosts who permit overnight guests to violate these policies will be subject to disciplinary action.  Only the Manger of the hall in which the host resides may grant exceptions to this policy.
Unauthorized use of University Housing
The residence hall is a place where many students live and call home.  Damage to the building detracts from the environment.  Therefore, the playing of any form of sports in the hallways and public areas is not allowed.  Damage to hall property will be charged to those responsible for the damage.  Venturing out onto roofs is a safety hazard and subject to disciplinary action.
Housing Assignments
Housing assignments are made by the Department of Housing, East side of Warren Franklin to the right of the front desk. Continuing students must be registered for classes and pay applicable housing deposit in order to apply for housing during the housing application process. New or transfer students must be accepted to Delaware State University and pay applicable housing deposit in order to apply for housing. Assignment information will be sent to a student’s DSU email account.
First-Year Assignments
All first-year students are required to live in residence halls unless they meet one of the following criteria.
married or getting married during the academic year
commute from the home of a parent or legal guardian
First year students must be accepted to the University and pay housing deposit in order to apply for housing. Freshman housing consists of Evers (coed), Jenkins (coed), Laws (female), Tubman (female) and Wynder (Honor’s housing, coed). First year students may request a residence hall and roommate on the housing application; however, the Department of Housing assigns housing in the order that applications are received and residence hall and roommate requests will be based on availability and cannot be guaranteed.
Upperclass Assignments
Returning students must be registered and pay housing deposit in order to apply for housing. Upperclassmen housing consists of Warren Franklin (coed), Living Learning Commons (coed), University Village Apartments (30 credit minimum) and University Courtyard Apartments (30 credit minimum).  Returning students may request a residence hall and roommate on the housing application; however, the Department of Housing assigns housing in the order that applications are received and residence hall and roommate requests will be based on availability and cannot be guaranteed.
Transfer Assignments
Transfer students must be accepted to the University and pay housing deposit in order to apply for housing. Housing for transfer students is dependent upon amount of credits transferring from previous college/university. Transfer students with under 12 credits are eligible for freshmen housing: Evers (coed), Jenkins (coed), Laws (female), Tubman (female) and Wynder (Honor’s housing, coed). Transfer students with 12 credits or more are eligible for upperclassmen housing: Warren-Franklin (coed) and Living Learning Commons (coed). Transfer students with 30 or more credits are eligible for University Courtyard Apartments and University Village Apartments. Transfer students may request a residence hall and roommate on the housing application; however, the Department of Housing assigns housing in the order that applications are received and residence hall and roommate requests will be based on availability and cannot be guaranteed.
Room and Hall Changes
Room and hall changes may usually be made after the second week of the semester.  Before making a room change, you must obtain approval of the Managers in both halls.  If approval for the change is granted, the room being vacated is inspected and the Manager collects the room key and assesses room damages.
Vacant Spaces
If there is a vacant bed in a student room, the Department of Housing may assign another student to that room at any time.  Current residents of that room who create a hostile environment for new or potentially new roommates may face disciplinary action.  Before winter break, students with vacant beds in their room must prepare the room for a roommate.  Preparation includes moving all personal belongings to one side of the room, emptying one dresser and closet, and cleaning the room.
Residence Hall Contract
Each student living in university housing signs a residence hall contract.  This contract obligates you to pay both room and meal plan charges for first and second semesters.  Students are not permitted to sublet their rooms.
Terminating the Contract
Requests for release for reasons such as medical, financial, co-op/internship, study abroad, graduation, or marriage must be submitted to the front desk of your residence hall, where a checkout procedure will be performed. Once you have removed your belongings and returned your key, your housing charges and meal plan will be pro-rated. If withdrawing from the university, please notify Admissions, Student Accounts and Registrar’s Office. If a student is removed from a residence hall because of violation of university regulations, the residence hall contract is terminated.
Liability
The University does not assume any responsibility for loss, theft, or damage to any property belonging to any student living in the residence halls. The University does not carry insurance on residents or on their personal property.  You may wish to carry your own personal property insurance to cover your belongings.
Apply for Housing
Housing Comparison Matrix
What to Bring & What Not to Bring
Residential Policies and Procedures
Maintenance, IT Request, and Laundry
Start your journey here.
Request Info
Visit Campus
Apply Now
302.857.6351
admissions [at] desu.edu