http://www.tcmrm.org/about/privacy-policy/
Twin City Model Railroad MuseumWorld Famous Saint Paul, MN Toy Train and Model Railroad MuseumHome
Visit The Museum
Admission Fees
Location and Hours
Groups
Contact
Exhibits
O-Scale Exhibit
Lego Train Layout
Special Events
Night Trains 2020 – 2021 Season
TCMRM Hobby Show & Sale
The Circus Train
About
Museum News
Museum History
Circus Trains
Board of Directors
Privacy Policy
Membership
Support Us
Public Donations
Corporate Donations
Volunteer
Resources
Ask The Train Doctor
Train Related Activities
Archives
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Updates
Due to the internet’s rapidly evolving nature, TCMRM (Twin City Model Railroad Museum) may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, TCMRM will post its updated Privacy Policy here so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. TCMRM encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
You can generally visit this Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, to use certain services, we may require you to register for an account, or we may invite you to submit questions or comments or request information, participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, subscribe to newsletters or participate in community forums.
Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may ask that you complete and submit an online form with personally identifiable information such as your name, username, email address, contact information and credit card information.
For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. Our payment gateway provider, PayPal, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to periodic company news, updates, and/or related product or service information, etc.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include museum news, updates, related product or service information, promotions, etc. However, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link contained in these emails.
We may use your personally identifiable information to deliver certain services, products or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter certain password protected areas of the Site, send you notices for products and/or services that you have used or that may be of interest to you, and improve the content and general administration of the Site.
If you are a registered user and post to any of the Site’s community forums, other registered users of this Site may view your username and may send you emails, but they will not be able to see your actual email address. We may use your personally identifiable information to send you advertisements and other promotional information regarding museum events and other communications related to the Site.
Children’s Privacy
TCMRM recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. No personally identifiable information is collected by TCMRM and TCMRM’s services and Site are not intended for children under the age of 13.
TCMRM does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. TCMRM does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Cookies
We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. Cookies must be enabled for you to use certain areas of the Site.
Advertisements that may appear on this Site are delivered to users by our advertising partners. Our advertising partners may download cookies to your computer. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement.
In this way, they may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. This information allows an advertising network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
TCMRM does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers.
Aggregate Information
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information.
We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may share this aggregate information with third parties to assist them in targeting advertisements to appropriate audiences.
Disclosure
We may provide your personally identifiable information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service (e.g., process your payment).
We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any other company or organization except that we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which TCMRM participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of TCMRM’s assets to which this Site relates.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which TCMRM does not have control (”External Web Sites.”) Such links do not constitute an endorsement by TCMRM of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that TCMRM is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that TCMRM is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.
Security
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
TCMRM may use encryption, secure socket layer, firewalls, internal restrictions, password protection and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.
Correction / Updating Personally Identifiable Information
TCMRM provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. If you wish to review or correct any information you have provided to us
You may access your account and review, correct and delete your personally identifiable information.
Or you may contact us by via email at our Contact The Museum page.
Twin City Model Railroad Museum
668 Transfer Road, Suite 8
Saint Paul, MN 55114
Share this:TwitterFacebook
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Tweets by @TCMRM
Recent Articles
TCMRM Music Video!!!
UPDATE 11/30/2020: TCMRM Soft Reopening
TCMRM Member’s Moving Sale
Museum Location Twin City Model Railroad Museum
668 Transfer Road
Suite 8
Saint Paul, MN 55114
651-647-9628
Contact the museum
Museum Hours & Tickets Museum Gift Shop Hours:
Saturday, Dec. 5th - 10am-5pm
Saturday, Dec. 12th - 10am-5pm
Main museum still remains closed. But you can still buy advanced tickets for future dates!
Event Schedule
Search
Connect with TCMRM
Check out Twin City Model Railroad Museum on Yelp
Copyright © 2009-2020 Twin City Model Railroad Museum · Images by Nik Wachter · Website Development by Prism Enterprises · Member Section