https://www.carschooling.com/privacy/
Free Learning Hacks
for History on the Go!
Get Diane Flynn Keith's eNewsletter with...
Free Learning Activities and
Recommended Resources to Save Time & Money!
Enter your email address and turn your kids into "Road Scholars"!
Name
Email
Home
Carschooling Book
Contact
Privacy Policy
Fun for Road Scholars!
Essential Resources!
Essential Supplies!
Chapter 3 — Science
Chapter 4 — Math
Chapter 5 — Language Arts
Chapter 6 — Social Sciences
Chapter 7 — Geography
Chapter 8 — Visual & Performing Arts
Chapter 9 — Foreign Languages
Chapter 10 — P.E. & Health
Chapter 11 — Electives
Chapter 12 — Recess
Workshops!
Carschooling Awards
Winner: Klutz Press
Car Talk!
Carschooling
Carschooling Book
Contact
Preview
Privacy Policy
Fun for Road Scholars!
Essential Resources!
Workshops!
Carschooling Awards
Car Talk!
Home
Carschool Blog
A Halloween Soundtrack
Thanksgiving Coloring Pages
It’s that time of year again…
What Rhymes With…?
One of the Best Carschooling Resources
All The Leaves Are Brown…
What’s The Largest Organ of the Human Body?
Foreign Language On the Go
Make a Photojournal
Where Have You Been?
Privacy Policy Diane Flynn Keith (owner of the assets that include Homefies.com, Carschooling.com, UniversalPreschool.com, and PapasPearls.com) will not sell, rent, or otherwise make your personal information available to other people or organizations without your permission, except as may be required by law, and except in conjunction with the sale or transfer of these assets to another business. In the event that any portion or substantially all of Diane Flynn Keith’s assets are acquired, member information will be transferred.
What Information Is Collected?
The term “personal information” means any information that may be used to identify you, including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, Internet Protocol address, phone number, billing information, or other contact information. We collect information from you when you opt-in to receive or subscribe to any of our newsletters or teleconferences, and if you purchase our products or programs, or participate in any of our events. Below are the specific details on what, where, when, and why this information is collected and how it is used.
Registration
You provide your name and email address when you subscribe to our free e-newsletters and teleconferences. We do not share this information with any third parties.
Order Information
If you complete an order form on any of our websites for products offered by Diane Flynn Keith and/or her assets or partners, we will maintain that order information on secure servers on your behalf in order to fulfill the orders, provide customer service, and maintain a history of your transactions.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve our website and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize you and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change your browser settings to refuse them. You may change your browser’s settings to refuse our cookies. However, if you do so, you may not be able readily access information and services.
Use of Contractors
We may retain the service of outside contractors to perform services on our behalf (for example, to help provide technical support services or deliver new services). At times, we must disclose relevant personally identifiable information about you to our contractors so they may provide these specific services for us. We require our contractors to keep this information confidential and to only use the information on our behalf.
Email Communication
Periodically, we may send email to you if you have indicated a preference to receive news, resources, updates, special offers, and other information relating to our service. You may unsubscribe from these email subscriptions by clicking on the “cancel” option located at the bottom of the messages.
Children
Our services are intended solely for persons 13 years of age and older, or for persons under 13 years of age with parental permission and supervision. If you are under the age of 13 you may not access or use our services except with the permission and supervision of your parents. By using our service you represent and warrant to us that you are 13 years of age or older, or have the permission and supervision of your parents.
Third Party Web Sites
Our service may contain links to other websites and software. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites or software. Please visit the privacy policies of these third party sites in order to understand their privacy and information collection practices.
Disclosures Required by Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe in good faith that an applicable law, regulation, or legal process requires it, or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of another user.
No Error-Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our efforts to do so. Accordingly, we welcome your feedback regarding any privacy concerns that you may have, including how we can improve our service generally. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with it. We will not be liable for any damages, including incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, relating to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2002-2020 Diane Flynn Keith - All Rights Reserved
Carschooling® is a Registered Trademark
· Posts Feed ·
Comments Feed · Powered by WordPress & Atahualpa