http://www.cambridge-union.org/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | The Cambridge Union
+ 44 (0) 1223 566 421Charity no. 1136030
Home
AboutContact Us
Election Results and Committee Minutes
The Constitution
The Union's History
What is the Union?
Where to find us
Who's Who
Feedback
MembershipJoinWhy Join?
Prices and Access Scheme
Members' benefitsMembers' Discounts
Snooker Tables
Room Hire
Public Speaking
Online access
Facilities
Getting Involved
Friends of the Union
Get back in touch
EventsEvent Calendar
Guest Policy
Suggest Debate Topics & Speakers
Termcard archive
The Hawking Fellowship
DebatingDebating at the Union
News & Results
Debating Resources
1815 Bar
Private hire
AdminCiviCRM
PipeDrive
Sharepoint
Join Now
Member Area
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Cambridge Union Society collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.cus.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Cambridge Union Society.
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Cambridge Union Society collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Cambridge Union Society has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Cambridge Union Society
9A Bridge Street
Cambridge
CB2 1UB
+44 (0) 1223 566 421
info@cus.org
This document was last updated on 23rd September, 2016.
Legal
Cancellation Policy
Data protection statement
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Governance
Guest Policy
Press
Press Releases
Press Archive
Photography
Contact The Press Office
Corporate
Become a Corporate Member
Advertising at the Union
Sponsorship Opportunities
Associated Charities
Contact Us
F.A.Q.
Contact Details
Where to Find Us
+ 44 (0) 1223 566 421
Copyright © 2020, The Cambridge Union.