http://www.kpiperis.gr/privacy/
Privacy • Piperis Media Club
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Healthy Living
Hair Loss
Nutrition
Terms
Privacy
About
Contact Us
Close Menu
Privacy
Privacy:
Frank Webster ("Frank")
operates http://www.kpiperis.gr and may operate other websites. It
is Frank Webster policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Frank collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Frank Webster purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Frank Webster visitors use its website. From time to
time, Frank may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Frank also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.kpiperis.gr
blogs/sites. Frank only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Frank Webster websites choose to interact
with Frank in ways that require Frank to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Frank gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.kpiperis.gr to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Frank are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Frank collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Frank. Frank does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Frank may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Frank may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Frank does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Frank discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Frank Webster behalf or to provide services available
at Frank Webster websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Frank Webster websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Frank will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Frank discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Frank believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Frank, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Frank website and have supplied your email address, Frank
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Frank and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Frank takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Frank uses cookies to
help Frank identify and track visitors, their usage of Frank
website, and their website access preferences. Frank visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Frank Webster websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Frank Webster websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Frank, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Frank goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Frank may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Frank and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Frank may change
its Privacy from time to time, and in Frank Webster sole
discretion. Frank encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy. If you have a http://www.kpiperis.gr account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Tagsacid reflux
anti aging
back pain
Beauty
bodybuilding
bodybuilding diet
cannabinoids
Covid-19
diet
Food
Hair
Heals the Body
health
Healthy Sleep
Immune System
Loss
medical
medical marijuana
Munchies
Overcome
pandemic reponse
products
Reduce Stress
remedy
sex
sexual health
skin
skincare
skincare routine
Tennis
tight vagina
toilet paper
vagina
vegan
weight loss
workout
youthful glow
Follow
Body Mass Calculater
Weight:kg
Height:cm
Pages
About
Contact Us
Healthy Living
Privacy
Terms
Recent Posts
Surprising Health Benefits of Getting More Sleep
Natural Weight Loss Tips During Lockdown
Health Benefits of Playing Tennis
A Guide to Adopting the Vegan Lifestyle
The Health Benefits of Cannabinoids
How to Improve Sexual Health
How to Deal with the Pandemic of Fear
Treatments for Acid Reflux and Back Pain
Turning Your Skincare Passion into Healthy Skin
Fight Skin Aging Naturally
Identifying the Right Diet for Your Bodybuilding Needs
Why You Should Consider Tightening Your Vagina
Tips To Overcome The Munchies
Natural Treatments To Stop And Reverse Hair Loss
Find Us
Find Us
Share Identifying the Right Diet for Your Bodybuilding Needs...Bodybuilding is all about engaging in specific types of workouts that will help you build muscle mas 0 Shares Fight Skin Aging Naturally...Everyone wants to have young-looking skin. Dark spots, crow’s feet, wrinkles, blemishes, fine
0 Shares Turning Your Skincare Passion into Healthy Skin...Skincare is a routine technique with the right products for your healthy skin. You are willing to ta 0 Shares Treatments for Acid Reflux and Back Pain...You’ve got Acid Reflux. You have back pain that adds insult to injury! Do not give up hope for 0 Shares How to Deal with the Pandemic of Fear...A lot of us are scared. We expect we might be guarded by that roll of products and toilet paper by a 0 Shares How to Improve Sexual Health...In 10% of these cases, there are sexual problems, and the rest are attributed to the issues that may 0 Shares The Health Benefits of Cannabinoids...Medical marijuana is the name given to cannabis and cannabinoids recommended by doctors to treat dis 0 Shares A Guide to Adopting the Vegan Lifestyle...If you’re feeling tired of eating meat recipes and trying out something fresh, you may want to 0 Shares Health Benefits of Playing Tennis...When choosing a sport, the best choice should be to play tennis. Tennis can help you stay healthy, i 0 Shares Natural Weight Loss Tips During Lockdown...As the lockdown restriction has held all the activities at home, many people start losing track of h 0 Shares
Categories
Hair Loss
Health
Nutrition
Women's Health