https://www.imls.gov/about-us/policy-notices/privacy-terms-use
Jump to navigation
Skip to main content
AboutMissionStrategic PlanBoardPolicyJobsVisit UsDonateGrantsGrant ProgramsApply for a GrantManage Your GrantSearch Awarded Grants Peer ReviewOur WorkIn Your StatePriority AreasPublicationsCommunity CatalystNational MedalsPartnershipsGrant SpotlightsDataResearch & EvaluationData CatalogLibrary Search & CompareNewsNews ReleasesBlogEventsWebinarsSubscribeCoronavirus (COVID-19) UpdatesContactContact UsStaff DirectorySearch
You are hereHome » About » Policy » Policy Notices » Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy
We don’t collect personal information when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information. If you have questions regarding our privacy policy or use of personal information, see our Privacy Program.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you visit our website, we may store some or all of the following: the Internet protocol address from which you access the website, date and time, the name of the site from which you linked to IMLS.gov, the name of the file or words you searched, items clicked on a page, and the browser and operating system used.
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use it to help develop the site, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the site more useful. We do not use it to associate search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users.
We may anonymize and provide this information to third party entities for research analysis. We do not share or sell visitor data for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose.
Social Media
We manage a presence on social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and others to share government information, and engage with the public. We do not collect any personally identifiable information through those sites, and we do not use personal information made available by the third-party sites.
If You Send Us Personal Information
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to your request. If you choose to provide us with personal information by subscribing to our newsletter or sending us an e-mail comment, we use that information to register your subscription and/or respond to your comment, if appropriate. We will only share the information you give us with another government agency as required by law. We never collect information or create individual profiles for commercial marketing.
If You Use Our Grants Resources
We maintain several online systems to carry out our grant-making responsibilities. Use of these resources is voluntary, and we will use the information you submit solely for the reasons you provided it. If you apply online, we will use the information you submit to determine eligibility, review and evaluate the application, select successful applicants, and administer the award. Some reviewers will be outside the agency and we will take appropriate measures to protect the information we share with them. The information otherwise will be disclosed only for a government purpose or as required by law. If you submit a report online, the information will be used to evaluate your project or program and for related government purposes.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use "persistent cookie" technology. A persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your web browser so that it can gather anonymous summary demographic information, and remember your browser when it is used to visit our site again later. These cookies uniquely identify a browser on a computer, but never a person.
We use persistent cookies in the following ways:
To get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better. Government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate.
To gather anonymous summary demographic information about our visitors, such as gender, age range, and areas of interest for adults over the age of 18. We do this by using Google Demographic and Interests reports. When you visit a website that has partnered with the Google Display Network, Google stores a number in your browser using a persistent cookie to remember your visits. This number uniquely identifies a web browser, not a specific person. Browsers may be associated with a demographic category, such as gender or age range, based on the sites that were visited. This demographic information is used to help us better understand our visitors' interests and needs to more effectively develop content to serve you.
To remember your browser if you come back to the site so we don't invite you to take our customer satisfaction survey every time you visit. Our customer satisfaction survey uses a persistent cookie to ensure we won’t invite you to take a customer satisfaction survey within 90 days of completing a survey.
Most browsers automatically accept persistent cookies. Although using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you, our websites will also work without them.
If you don't want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser's options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Here's how you can disable cookies and/or Google Demographic and Interests reports.
External Links
We only provide links to other websites for your information and convenience. They are not intended to support private or commercial organizations or businesses.
Links to government and non-profit websites that share interests inherent to our mission are encouraged because of their general non-commercial, public-interest nature. Links to commercial domains are acceptable if supportive of users’ needs and relevant to our mission.
We reserve the right to review links and add or remove links at any time for any reason consistent with federal policy or agency guidelines.
We do not agree to reciprocal link arrangements except in limited cases such as formal partnerships.
Disclaimer of Endorsements
When you select a link to an external website, you will leave our website and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the external website.
We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on an external website.
We do not endorse the organizations sponsoring external websites and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer.
We cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained on external websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the external website.
We are not responsible for transmissions users receive from external websites.
We do not guarantee that external websites comply with Section 508 (accessibility requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act.
Commercial Downloads
The first time that you use an area of our website that requires software such as Adobe Reader, you may see an invitation to download software or a plug-in from a commercial website. We do not endorse these sites or guarantee anything about their products. If you choose to download their products, carefully review their policies for details about their privacy and use policies.
Copyright
Works prepared by IMLS employees in the scope of their employment are not subject to copyright protection under 17 U.S.C. § 105. These works are in the public domain, and may be copied and distributed without permission.  They are available for worldwide use and reuse and under the terms of CC0 1.0 Universal. If you reuse our work, acknowledgment of publication by the Institute of Museum and Library Services is appreciated.
Please be aware that not all materials on the our website are works of the U.S. government. You may find documents, illustrations, photographs, or other resources contributed or licensed by private individuals, companies, or organizations and these may be protected by copyright laws. Transmission or reproduction of protected items beyond that allowed by fair use, requires the written permission of the copyright owners. We are unable to give copyright permission for any materials that are posted on our website for which the copyright is owned by a third party. If you would like to use these materials, please contact the copyright owner directly for permission.
If you have any more information about material on our website, or if you are the copyright holder and believe our website has not properly attributed your work or has used it without permission, we want to hear from you.  Please contact ogc@imls.gov with your contact information and a link to the relevant content.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Comments and Posts
We welcome your participation and comments on our social media pages and sites as outlined in our Commenting and Posting Policy.
Mission
Strategic Plan
Board
PolicyAgency Reports
Guidance Portal
Open Government
Policy NoticesEthics Statement
Guidelines for information Dissemination
Human Resources
IMLS Commenting and Posting Policy
Personal Assistance Services
Privacy & Terms of Use
Special Projects
Sustainability Plan
Website Accessibility
Jobs
Visit Us
Donate
Viewers & Players
FOIA
No FEAR Act
Privacy & Terms of Use
EEO
Accessibility
Open Government
Office of Special Counsel
USA.gov