http://www.designmuseum.org/privacy-policy
<Home
Menu
Privacy Policy
What data is collected about you, why and how you can control it?
Website Terms and Conditions
Check the terms and conditions for the use of this website before you continue browsing.
Privacy Policy
# Who we are
In this privacy policy references to "we", "us" and "our" are to The Design Museum. References to "our Website" or "the Website" are to designmuseum.org, designmuseumshop.com and designmuseum.digitickets.co.uk.
Information collected and its use
The information we collect via the Website may include:
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on products and offers).
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the Website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers 'help' facility.
We do not store any credit or debit card details.
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order, to provide after-sales service, we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service;
In certain cases we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
Cookie Policy
Like many websites we use cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This information is used to make the site work as you expect it to, track anonymous user behaviour to improve services and performance, and inform the museum's digital advertising. It is not personally identifiable to you, but it can be used to give you a more personalised web experience.
Some of the information stored is put there by other companies whose software we have added to the site, and this can also impact your experience of other websites you may visit after leaving ours.
You can change your browser settings to refuse cookies and delete them at any time. If you continue to use this site without taking action to prevent the storage of this information, you are effectively agreeing to this use.
If you want to learn more about the general uses of cookies, including how to stop them being stored by your computer, please visit Cookiepedia - all about cookies.
You can opt-out of Google's use of cookies for advertising purposes by managing your preferences here and you can find out more and opt-out of interest-based advertising here.
Job applicants
If you apply to work at the museum, we will only use the information you give us to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics. If we want to disclose information to someone outside the museuem, for example, if we need a reference, we will make sure we tell you beforehand, unless we are required to disclose this information by law.
If you are unsuccessful in your job application, we may hold your personal information for up to 12 months after we have finished recruiting for the post you applied for. After this date we will destroy or delete your information. We keep de-personalised statistical information about applicants to develop our recruitment processes, however no individual applicant would be identifiable from this information. If you commence employment with the museum, your data will be processed in accordance with your employment contract and our other applicable policies.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including address to the following address:
The Design Museum
224-238 Kensington High St, Kensington, London
W8 6AG
or email hello@designmuseum.org
Other websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Close
Welcome to the Design Museum
The Design Museum needs you! If you can, please donate, become a member or a patron - working together to inspire a new generation of designers and make the impact of design visible to all.
Subscribe now
Home
Visit and do
What's on
Plan your visit
Calendar
Access
Times and ticket information
Exhibitions
Current exhibitions
Future exhibitions
Touring exhibitions
Past exhibitions
Design and designers
Designs
Designers
Publishing
The Phaidon Book Club
Learning and research
the Design Museum Campus
Schools and Colleges
Higher Education
MA Curating Contemporary Design
Talks, courses and workshops
Research
Learning supporters
Self-guided visits for learning groups
Shop online
Contact and support
Become a member
Support the museum
About the museum
Venue hire
Press office
Contact information
Privacy and data policy
buy advance tickets