http://www.newmuseum.org/pages/view/privacy
New
Museum
New
PrivacyHello
Museum
Open today 11 a.m.–6 p.m.
Get tickets Become a member Support
Visit
Get tickets
Hours & Admission
Audio Guides
Tours
Exhibitions
Current
Upcoming
Past
Events
Today
Upcoming
Past
Learn
About
Access
Digital Archive
Educators
Families
Partnership
Public Programs
Publications
Residencies
Tours
Youth
Initiatives
Bedtime Stories
[AR]T in Partnership with Apple
NEW INC
IdeasCity
Rhizome
About
Mission & Values
History
Building
Site Heritage
Leadership
New Museum In the News
Commitment to Racial Equity
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Store
Values
History
Building
Leadership
Racial Equity
News
About
Site Heritage
Terms of Use
Privacy
Privacy Policy
New Museum Of Contemporary Art (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.newmuseum.org, www.newinc.org, and www.ideas-city.org websites (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of “Personal Information” (as defined herein) when you use our Service (the “Privacy Policy”).
By using the Service, you signify your assent to the Privacy Policy’s terms and conditions set forth herein.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address, other information (“Personal Information”).
We collect Personal Information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your Personal Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the Personal Information we store, such as SSL, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information and use it to improve the Service for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The “Help” feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
New Museum of Contemporary Art uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third-party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter’s interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/#568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Share Features
Our Service utilizes third-party tools that allow you to share our website’s content with others (e.g., Twitter’s “tweet” function).
Your use of these tools is subject to, and governed by, the third parties’ privacy policies and terms of use.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide services on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used, and for marketing purposes.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Purchasing Tickets and Memberships
When using our Service to purchase museum tickets and/or museum memberships, we will only ask you to provide the Personal Information that is necessary to process your purchase (e.g., name, credit card number, credit card billing address, street address, telephone number, email address, etc.).
We will not share, distribute, or otherwise disseminate the Personal Information you provide us when purchasing tickets or memberships with any third party, except as provided by law. We store and protect your Personal Information using reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices including SSL and industry-standard secure servers.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Emailing Us
When emailing us, please remember that we consider and treat all information (other than Personal Information), ideas, concepts, material, and the like contained in, and/or attached to, your email, as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Compliance with Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected.
Personal Information from children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 16, 2016 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@newmuseum.org.
Last updated: June 16, 2016
Get Updates
Sign up to receive our newsletter.
Sign Up
Back to mobile site