http://www.bsk.edu.kw/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Skip to content
Sorry but this form will not work without cookies enabled. Please adjust your browser settings to enable cookies to continue. For more information on how to do this please see our.
EMERGENCY NOTICE
Privacy and Cookie Policy
HomePrivacy and Cookie Policy
Loading...
All personal data collected from students and/or their parents/guardians in connection with their education at The British School of Kuwait (“School”) will be handled by our staff, kept confidential and used by Nord Anglia Education Limited and/or our affiliates (“we” or “us”) for lawful and relevant purposes including but not limited to:
verification of a student’s academic and other information;
school administration and operation;
the organisation, administration and operation of extra-curricular expeditions and activities, including but not limited to making arrangements with third parties for relevant insurance cover, medical assistance, supervision and execution of activities;
sending communications to parents and students including newsletters and information about events and extra-curricular activities provided by the School or third party providers;
statistical and research purposes;
other school related purposes; and
alumni activities.
We may disclose some of the data to third parties such as agencies (including governmental bodies), service providers (including insurance providers, security/medical service providers and third party activity/expedition organisers) and contractors appointed by us (whether within or outside the jurisdiction in which the personal data was collected) to undertake some of our academic, pastoral, extra-curricular and administrative functions. This includes transferring data between affiliates. We will not disclose any personal data to any external bodies or organisations unless:
such disclosure is expressly provided for under this Statement;
permitted to do so by the student or his/her parent/guardian; and/or
permitted or required by law.
Personal data may be stored in our or our affiliates’ database systems (which may be located within or outside the jurisdiction in which the personal data was collected) and online portals and will form part of the applicant’s official student records.  It may also be stored in online student resources such as the global classroom.
Where such personal data is not required to be retained by law, such personal data may be destroyed within 24 months following rejection of the application or otherwise as required or permitted by law.
If a Parent Teacher Association (PTA) is existing/established, we may provide such personal data to the relevant PTA for inclusion in the PTA directory and other PTA activities. If a student or his/her parents/guardians do not wish for such data to be included in the PTA directory, please inform us.
In the event that a student already has a sibling at the School, the records of such sibling will be updated according to the data provided on the new student's enrolment form where relevant.
Failure to provide the requested data may affect the Students’ ability to participate in certain events, activities and expeditions arranged by the School.
All practicable steps will be taken to ensure that personal data held by us is accurate.  We will take all practicable and reasonable steps to ensure security of the personal data and to avoid unauthorised or accidental access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal, erasure or other use.
Students or their parents/guardians may have the right to access or correct personal data held by the School under applicable law. Requests for access and correction should be addressed in writing to the Principal (addressed to the School).  We may levy a charge for accessing the information.
If any of our communications constitute direct marketing we will separately seek your consent where required by law. In addition NAE will (1) honour any request we may receive from you to stop receiving such communications and (2) assisting in ensuring that you do not receive targeted advertising that is unlikely to be of interest to you.
Where you do not consent to direct marketing, or where we do not wish to target specific ads to you, we will sometimes meet these requirements by sharing your email address with our advertising service providers, to ensure that such communications are not issued to you.  Your email address will be irreversibly encrypted by them and will not be used for any other purpose.  We rely on legitimate interests (managing the advertising of our services) for this purpose.
The terms of NAE’s privacy policy can be found at www.nordangliaeducation.com.