https://www.nbm.org/privacy-policy/
This web site is owned and operated by or on behalf of the National Building Museum. We recognize that visitors to the site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
National Building Museum
401 F Street, NW
Washington, DC 20001
Email: editor@nbm.org
Our Policy
The National Building Museum uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors and donors. We will not share your e-mail address with third parties without your permission.
The National Building Museum may exchange postal mailing lists with other organizations who share our mission. You may request that we withhold your mailing information from any list by contacting us by phone at 202.272.2448 or email at membership@nbm.org.
Is Credit Card Information Secure?
Yes. We care about the safety and security of your online transactions. We use high grade encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us. Companies we work with to process credit card transactions also use high grade encryption and security protocols. The National Building Museum does not store or save credit card information, and any reoccurring donation is encrypted and stored at the credit card gateway only. Contributions and payments may also be made by calling 202.272.2448.
Is My Personal Information Secure?
Yes. The same high grade encryption and https security protocols used for financial transactions on our site are used in collecting other personal information. In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share with us, the National Building Museum works to accurately process your contribution information. During business hours, staff are available to answer questions about your financial donation. You may contact us by phone at 202.272.2448 or by email at membership@nbm.org.
The National Building Museum employs error checking procedures to make certain transactions are processed completely and accurately. As necessary, changes are made to improve our systems. Furthermore, independent external and internal audits are conducted to ensure the privacy, security, and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
How Do We Use “Cookies?”
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the National Building Museum web site through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. The National Building Museum uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
The National Building Museum welcomes children to learn more about our organization and, where appropriate, find opportunities to gain knowledge through National Building Museum training programs and volunteer activities. We encourage, however, that this to be done only with parent’s knowledge and supervision. For this reason, the National Building Museum follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.