http://www.vyomworld.com/privacy.asp
Vyom World.com
Let's Touch the Sky Together!
Home
VyomWorld.com Home
Free Magazines!
VyomLinks.com Home
JobsAssist.com Home
Vyom Network
Contact Us
Jobs & Careers
Resume Submitter
Placement Papers
IT Companies Directory
Computer Jobs
Interview Questions
Online Exams
Vyom Career eMag.
Fun
Screensavers New!
Send FREE SMS!
SMS Jokes
Source Codes Library
Source Codes Home
ASP Source Codes
C Source Codes
C++ Source Codes
COBOL Source Codes
Java Source Codes
Pascal Source Codes
Submit Source Codes
GATE
GATE an Overview
GATE Preparation
Study Materal
GRE
GRE an Overview
GRE Questions
GRE Preparation
GRE Universities
TOEFL Preparation
TOEFL Resources
GMAT Preparation
GMAT Resources
MBA Preparation
MBA Resources
Networking Concepts
Networking Concepts
Testing Preparation
Testing Resources
Webmasters
Free Traffic Builder
Webmaster Articles
Web Hosting
Tutorials
Hardware Tutorial
1500 Free eBooks New!
FREE Publications
Vyom Career eMag.
Get 9,000+ Interview Questions & Answers in an eBook.
9,000+ Interview Questions
All Questions Answered
5 FREE Bonuses
Free Upgrades
Get it now!
Get 9,000+ Interview Questions with Answers in an eBook
Privacy Policy:
Advertisements
Advertisements
VyomWorld.com Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use
personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy
before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site,
you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These
practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted clearly on the website.
You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to
make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be
used.
Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy
are for this website
only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted
at those sites.
BY VISITING THIS
WEBSITE AND REQUESTING INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THERON, YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
PLEASE CHECK BACK
FREQUENTLY FOR UPDATES AS IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF CHANGES.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE
ANY INFORMATION TO US OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PROVIDED
ON ANY OF THE WEB SITES REFERRED TO IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal
addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors.
The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. The
registered members of our website are automatically added to our site
announcement mailing list. You as a subscriber of the mailing list have the
option to opt out of these mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link in
any of the newsletter sent to you. The unsubscribe process is automatic and
immediate. This site uses a tool which collects your requests for pages and
passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site.
We control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information
sent to the search engines.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the
features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering
information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of
visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can
also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be
collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously
provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such
information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third
parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting
us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or
required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or
potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which
has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for
marketing purposes. Other than this, we have our own network of websites and
portals. From time to time, we may send you the relevant information from these
websites or portals also.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized
employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure
and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters
from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings, as already mentioned
above.
Ad Serving
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest
to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you
may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: info [ at ] vyom.co.in
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this
policy will be posted.
Recently Updated: New Placement Papers added.
Vyom Network :
Web Hosting | Dedicated Server | Free SMS, GRE, GMAT, MBA |
Online Exams |
Freshers Jobs |
Software Downloads |
Programming & Source Codes |
GRE Preparation |
Jobs, Discussions |
Software Listing |
Free eBooks |
Free eBooks |
Free Business Info |
Interview Questions |
Free Tutorials |
International Business Information |
IAS Preparation |
Jokes, Songs, Fun |
Free Classifieds |
Free Recipes |
FAQs |
Free Downloads |
Bangalore Info |
Tech Solutions |
Project Outsourcing, Web Hosting |
GATE Preparation |
MBA Preparation |
SAP Info |
Excellent Mobiles |
Software Testing |
Interview Questions |
Freshers Jobs |
Server Insiders |
File Extension Directory
Copyright ©2003-2020 Vyom Technosoft Pvt. Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Read our Privacy Policy