http://www.ptc.edu/about/legal-disclosures/title-ix-harassment-and-sexual-assault-information/title-ix-reporting-form
Legal Disclosures
Audits & Transparency
Non-Discrimination Policy
Security of Student Records
State Licensure Eligibility
Student Consumer InformationStudent Right to Know Information
Title IX Harassment and Sexual Assault InformationFAQs
Harassment and Sexual Assault Reporting Procedures
Title IX Reporting Form
Training and Programs
Victim Assistance
Web Privacy
Title IX Reporting Form
Please use the form below to report incidents you have experienced, witnessed, or have had reported to you. Completion of this form does not constitute an open investigation. Once this form is completed and has been received, an initial assessment will be conducted to determine if the report rises to a level that warrants further investigation.
» Complete the Title IX Reporting Form here.
Additional Information
At Piedmont Technical College (PTC), students, faculty, staff, and visitors have the right to be free from all forms of gender and sex-based discrimination, examples of which include sexual violence, sexual harassment, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking. All members of the campus community are expected to conduct themselves in a manner that does not infringe upon the rights of others.
All allegations of sexual assault, sexual harassment/discrimination, and other forms of sexual misconduct must be reported to the Title IX Coordinator of Piedmont Technical College.
Throughout this process, PTC will protect the confidentiality and privacy of a Reporting Party to the extent possible under the law. PTC will make every reasonable effort to abide by a Reporting Party’s wish to remain anonymous; however, PTC will balance requests for anonymity/confidentiality with the safety of other members of the community.
Piedmont Technical College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or veteran status in its admissions policies, programs, activities or employment practices.
This form is not an emergency incident report. If this is an emergency, please call Campus Police at (864) 941-8000.