http://www.arts.cornell.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
The Cornell University College of Arts and Sciences (A&S) is committed to respecting users of our website. For that purpose, this policy has been adopted to address the collection and use of information from the A&S website. To maintain effective privacy practices, A&S retains the right to update this policy without notice.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to the Cornell University College of Arts & Sciences by sending an email to as_communication@cornell.edu. Please reference this privacy policy in your subject line.
Information collected
A&S collects information passively collected upon a user’s visit to our website.
Passively collected information
When a user visits our site, some information such as the visitor’s Internet protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider, operating system, the site from which the visitor arrived, and the time and date of the user’s visit may be collected automatically as part of the software operation of the website. This intake of information is not personally identifiable. A&S is currently using Google Analytics, a web metrics service, to collect certain information automatically upon a user’s visit. For more information regarding Google Analytics, see Google's privacy policy. Additionally, A&S is currently using CrazyEgg to collect data on user interactions with the website. For more information regarding CrazyEgg, see CrazyEgg's privacy policy.
Special notice for EEA residents
If you are located within the European Economic Area (European Union, Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland), we acknowledge the rights granted to you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
These rights may include:
Right to access your information held by us
Right to correct inaccurate or incorrect information about you
Right to the erasure of your information when it is no longer necessary for us to retain it
Right to restrict processing of your personal information in specific situations
Right to object to processing your information, including sending you communications that may be considered direct-marketing materials
Right to object to automated decision-making and profiling, where applicable
Right to complain to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction within the EU
Please contact us with any questions, concerns, or if you wish to exercise any of these rights: itservicedesk@cornell.edu
Security
Please note that electronic communication is not guaranteed to be secure against interception. Do not send confidential data by email or web form.
Cookies and other collection technologies
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on your computer and accessible only to the websites which create them.
Our websites may use cookies to keep you logged into secure areas of the website. You may disable cookies in your browser, however, our websites may not work properly if you do so.
Log Files
Our websites automatically gather anonymous information about our visitors including IP addresses, browser types, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The information collected does not include any personally identifiable details and is used to improve our services and administer our websites.
Information provided by the user
Users may provide A&S with non-personally and personally identifiable information to utilize certain services and retrieve information. Such instances may not be noticeable to the user and include, but are not limited to: filling out surveys, completing registration information and submitting certain online forms.
Use of information
A&S uses information collected solely for internal purposes, such as part of enrollment in the college or to see what pages are most frequently visited, to improve our website. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may share your information across departments within A&S or within Cornell University, as appropriate. We may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to:
comply with law
enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or
protect the rights, property or safety of A&S, any department or office affiliated with A&S, Cornell University, our users or others.
Your consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by A&S, its affiliated departments and offices, and by Cornell University for your enrollment in programs offered through A&S. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page before the changes take effect. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at as_communication@cornell.edu.
Security
All information provided to A&S is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that allows your browser to automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of A&S. As effective as encryption technology is, however, no security system is completely impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which A&S has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the website
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you can contact us by email at as_communication@cornell.edu.
Become an A&S Student
Apply to A&S
See the Campus
Visit A&S
Support the College
Give to A&S