http://www.askthepreschoolteacher.com/privacy.shtml
Visit Our Sister Sites PreschoolEducation |PreschoolColoring Book |Preschool PrintablesSuggest This Page To A Friend  |  Join Our Newsletter  |
You are here: Ask
The Preschool Teacher > Privacy
Statement
Newest Ask
The Preschool Teacher Questions
Newest Ask
Our Visitors Questions
Past
Ask The Preschool Teacher Questions
Past
Ask Our Visitors Questions
Ask The
Preschool Teacher a Question
Ask Our
Visitors a Question
Meet the
Preschool Teachers
Search
the Site
Newsletter
Visit Our
Sister Site
Preschool Education .Com
Information
Collection and Use
Ask
The Preschool Teacher is the sole owner of the information
collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this
information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this
statement. The following discloses our information gathering practices
for this website: Ask
The Preschool Teacher
Advertising
Ask
The Preschool Teacher
uses an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may contain
cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive
containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply
terminates. Ask
The Preschool Teacher
have no access to the cookies used by our ad companies.
We use third-party
advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These
companies may use aggregated information (not including your name,
address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this
and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Links, newsletters, message boards, and email
groups
Ask The Preschool Teacher contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that  Ask The Preschool Teacher is not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and
to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that
collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this Web site.
Ask The Preschool Teacher
makes message boards, email groups, and update newsletters available
to its users. This information will never be given or sold to any
outside source. All information is kept in strictest confidence.
Please remember that the information you provide to the companies we
use such as (egroups, listbot, etc..) is not covered under our privacy
statement.
Surveys, Sending in ideas & Contests
From time-to-time Ask The Preschool Teacher requests
information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys, sending in ideas, or contests
is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or
not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as
name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip
code, age level).  Contact
information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. This
information will never be given or sold to any outside source. All
information is kept in strictest confidence.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or
improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Note:
When filling in the form to send in ideas, please make sure to check
whether or not you want your name listed on our site. This will be the
only time your information will be posted on the page. This is an
option that is up to you.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if
any, we disclose it.  If
at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a
manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we
will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their
information in this different manner. We will use information in
accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was
collected.
If
you have any questions about our privacy statement, please contact owner@askthepreschoolteacher.com
|
Site Terms | Contact Us | Advertise With Us | PrivacyStatement | Contests|Views and opinions expressed by visitors and teacher on this site are not necessarily the views and opinions of the owner/management of "Ask The Preschool Teacher"© Copyright 1998-2016 by Preschool Education/ Ask The Preschool Teacher