http://www.clark.edu/about/governance/policies-procedures/grievance_procedure.php
Skip to main content
Visit our COVID-19 web pages to learn more about Covid-19 operations at the college.
Need help now? Visit our Virtual Support Center.
Home » About Clark » Governance » Policies & Procedures »  Discrimination & Harassment
Discrimination & Harassment
Non-Discrimination and Harassment Policy and Grievance Procedure (WAC 132N-300)
Statement of policy
The college affirms a commitment to freedom from discrimination for all members of
the college community. The responsibility for, and the protection of, this commitment
extends to students, faculty, administration, staff, contractors, and those who develop
or participate in college programs. It encompasses every aspect of employment and
every student and community activity. The college expressly prohibits discrimination
on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, perceived or actual physical or
mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, marital status, creed, religion, honorably discharged veteran or military
status, citizenship, immigration status, or use of a trained guide dog or service animal. Harassment is a form of discrimination.
Grievance procedure
(1)  Introduction.
Clark College recognizes its responsibility for investigation, resolution, implementation
of corrective measures, and monitoring the educational environment and workplace to
stop, remediate, and prevent discrimination on the basis of race, color, national
origin, age, perceived or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic
information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed, religion,
honorably discharged veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide dog or
service animal, as required by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Educational Amendments or 1972, Sections
504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act
and ADA Amendments Act, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, the Violence Against Women
Reauthorization Act and Washington State’s Law Against Discrimination, Chapter 49.60
RCW and their implementing regulations. To this end, Clark College has enacted policies
prohibiting discrimination against and harassment of members of these protected classes.
Any individual found to be in violation of these policies will be subject to disciplinary
action up to and including dismissal from the college or from employment.
The responsibility for, and the protection of this commitment, extends to students,
faculty, administration, staff, contractors, and those who develop or participate
in college programs. It encompasses every aspect of employment and every student and
community activity.
Any person who believes she or he has been discriminated against or harassed by Clark
College or its employee(s) or agent(s) on the basis of any status listed above, may
request informal assistance and/or lodge a formal grievance. If the complaint is against
that designee, the complainant should report the matter to the president’s office
for referral to an alternate designee.
The college president designates investigation of grievances on the basis of race, creed, religion, color, national origin, age, political affiliation, and/or marital status to:
Christina A. LongoDirector of Compliance1933  Fort Vancouver Way, Baird Hall 012Phone: (360) 992-2317 or (360) 992-2057Email: clongo@clark.edu
The college president designates investigation of grievances on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression to:
Christina A. LongoDirector of Compliance1933  Fort Vancouver Way, Baird Hall 012Phone: (360) 992-2317 or (360) 992-2057Email: clongo@clark.edu
The college president designates investigation of grievances on the basis of any physical, sensory or mental disability, or status as a disabled, or honorably discharged veteran or military status to:
Christina A. LongoDirector of Compliance1933  Fort Vancouver Way, Baird Hall 012Phone: (360) 992-2317 or (360) 992-2057Email: clongo@clark.edu
The presidential designee:
Will accept all complaints and referrals from college employees, applicants, students,
and visitors.
Will make determinations regarding how to handle requests by complainants for confidentiality.
Will keep accurate records of all complaints and referrals for the required time period.
May conduct investigations or delegate and oversee investigations conducted by a designee.
May impose interim remedial measures to protect parties during investigations of discrimination
or harassment.
Will issue written findings and recommendations upon completion of an investigation.
May recommend specific corrective measures to stop, remediate, and prevent the recurrence
of inappropriate conduct.
(2)  Who May File a Complaint.
Any employee, applicant, student or visitor of the college may file a complaint. Complaints
may be submitted in writing or verbally. The college encourages the timely reporting
of any incidents of discrimination or harassment. For non-student complainants who wish to submit a written complaint, a formal complaint form is available online. Students  who wish to submit a written complaint should submit a complaint through the Student Complaint Process.  Hardcopies of the complaint forms are available at the following locations on campus:
Diversity Center—GHL 214, Vice President of Student Affairs Office—GHL 204, Human
Resources Office—Baird Administration Building. Any person submitting a discrimination
complaint shall be provided with a written copy of the College’s non-discrimination
policies and procedures.
(3)  Definitions.
(a)  Complainant: employee(s), applicant(s), student(s), or visitors(s) of Clark College who alleges
that she or he has been subjected to discrimination or harassment due to his or her
membership in a protected class.
(b)  Complaint: a description of facts that allege violation of the college’s policy against discrimination
or harassment.
(c)   Consent: knowing, voluntary and clear permission by word or action, to engage in mutually
agreed upon sexual activity. Each party has the responsibility to make certain that
the other has consented before engaging in the activity. For consent to be valid,
there must be at the time of the act of sexual intercourse or sexual contact actual
words or conduct indicating freely given agreement to have sexual intercourse or sexual
contact.
A person cannot consent if he or she is unable to understand what is happening or
is disoriented, helpless, under the age of 16, asleep or unconscious for any reason,
including due to alcohol or other drugs. An individual who engages in sexual activity
when the individual knows, or should know, that the other person is physically or
mentally incapacitated has engaged in nonconsensual conduct.
(d)   Discrimination: unfavorable treatment of a person based on that person’s membership or perceived
membership in a protected class. Harassment is a form of discrimination.
(e)   Harassment: a form of discrimination consisting of physical or verbal conduct that denigrates
or shows hostility toward an individual because of their membership in a protected
class or their perceived membership in a protected class. Harassment occurs when the
conduct is sufficiently severe and/or pervasive and so objectively offensive that
it has the effect of altering the terms or conditions of employment or substantially
limiting the ability of a student to participate in or benefit from the college’s
educational and/or social programs. Petty slights, annoyances, offensive utterances,
and isolated incidents (unless extremely serious) typically do not qualify as harassment.
Examples of conduct that could rise to the level of discriminatory harassment include
but are not limited to the following:
(i)  Epithets, “jokes,” ridicule, mockery or other offensive or derogatory conduct
focused upon an individual’s membership in a protected class.
(ii)  Verbal or physical threats of violence or physical contact directed towards
an individual based upon their membership in a protected class.
(iii) Making, posting, emailing, texting, or otherwise circulating demeaning or offensive
pictures, cartoons, graffiti, notes or other materials that relate to race, ethnic
origin, gender or any other protected class.
(f)   Protected Class: persons who are protected under state or federal civil rights laws, including laws
that prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, perceived
or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed, religion, honorably discharged
veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide dog or service animal.
(g)   Resolution: the means by which the complaint is finally addressed. This may be accomplished
through informal or formal processes, including counseling, mediation, or the formal
imposition of discipline sanction.
(h)   Respondent: person or persons who are members of the campus community who allegedly discriminated
against or harassed another person or persons.
(i)   Sexual Harassment: a form of discrimination consisting of unwelcome, gender-based verbal, written electronic
and/or physical conduct. Sexual harassment does not have to be of a sexual nature,
however, and can include offensive remarks about a person’s gender. There are two
types of sexual harassment.
(i)   Hostile Environment Sexual Harassment occurs when the conduct is sufficiently
severe and/or pervasive and so objectively offensive that it has the effect of altering
the terms or conditions of employment or substantially limiting the ability of a student
to participate in or benefit from the college’s educational and/or social programs.
(ii)   Quid Pro Quo Sexual harassment occurs when an individual in a position of real
or perceived authority, conditions the receipt of a benefit upon granting of sexual
favors.
Examples of conduct that may qualify as sexual harassment include:
Persistent comments or questions of a sexual nature.
A supervisor who gives an employee a raise in exchange for submitting to sexual advances.
An instructor who promises a student a better grade in exchange for sexual favors.
Sexually explicit statements, questions, jokes, or anecdotes.
Unwelcome touching, patting, hugging, kissing, or brushing against an individual’s
body.
Remarks of a sexual nature about an individual’s clothing, body, or speculations about
previous sexual experiences.
Persistent, unwanted attempts to change a professional relationship to an amorous
relationship.
Direct or indirect propositions for sexual activity.
Unwelcome letters, emails, texts, telephone calls, or other communications referring
to or depicting sexual activities.
(j)   Sexual Violence: is a type of sexual discrimination and harassment. Nonconsensual sexual intercourse,
nonconsensual sexual contact, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking are
all types of sexual violence.
(i)  Nonconsensual sexual intercourse is any sexual intercourse (anal, oral, or vaginal),
however slight, with any object, by a person upon another person, that is without
consent and/or by force. Sexual intercourse includes anal or vaginal penetration by
a penis, tongue, finger, or object, or oral copulation by mouth to genital contact
or genital to mouth contact.
(ii)  Nonconsensual sexual contact is any intentional sexual touching, however slight,
with any object, by a person upon another person that is without consent and/or by
force. Sexual touching includes any bodily contact with the breasts, groin, mouth,
or other bodily orifice of another individual, or any other bodily contact in a sexual
manner.
(iii) Domestic violence includes asserted violent misdemeanor and felony offenses
committed by the victim’s current or former spouse, current or former cohabitant,
person similarly situated under domestic or family violence law, or anyone else protected
under domestic or family violence law.
(iv)  Dating violence means violence by a person who has been in a romantic or intimate
relationship with the victim. Whether there was such relationship will be gauged by
its length, type, and frequency of interaction.
(v)   Stalking means intentional and repeated harassment or following of another person,
which places that person in reasonable fear that the perpetrator intends to injure,
intimidate, or harass that person. Stalking also includes instances where the perpetrator
knows or reasonably should know that the person is frightened, intimidated, or harassed,
even if the perpetrator lacks such intent.
(4)  Confidentiality and Right to Privacy.
Clark College will seek to protect the privacy of the complainant to the full extent
possible, consistent with the legal obligation to investigate, take appropriate remedial
and/or disciplinary action, and comply with the federal and state law, as well as
Clark College policies and procedures. Although Clark College will attempt to honor
complainants’ requests for confidentiality, it cannot guarantee complete confidentiality.
Determinations regarding how to handle requests for confidentiality will be made by
the presidential designee.
Confidentiality Requests and Sexual Violence Complaints. The presidential designee
will inform and obtain consent from the complainant before commencing an investigation
into a sexual violence complaint. If a sexual violence complainant asks that his or
her name not be revealed to the respondent or that the College not investigate the
allegation, the presidential designee will inform the complainant that maintaining
confidentiality may limit the college’s ability to fully respond to the allegations
and that retaliation by the respondent and/or others is prohibited. If the complainant
still insists that his or her name not be disclosed or that the college not investigate,
the presidential designee will determine whether the college can honor the request
and at the same time maintain a safe and non-discriminatory environment for all members
of the college community, including the complainant. Factors to be weighed during
this determination may include, but are not limited to:
The seriousness of the alleged sexual violence;
The age of the complainant;
Whether the sexual violence was perpetrated with a weapon;
Whether the respondent has a history of committing acts of sexual violence or violence
or has been the subject of other sexual violence complaints;
Whether the respondent threatened to commit additional acts of sexual violence against
the complainant or others; and
Whether relevant evidence can be obtained through other means (e.g., security cameras,
other witnesses, physical evidence).
If the college is unable to honor a complainant’s request for confidentiality, the
presidential designee will notify the complainant of the decision and ensure that
complainant’s identity is disclosed only to the extent reasonably necessary to effectively
conduct and complete the investigation.
If the College decides not to conduct an investigation or take disciplinary action
because of a request for confidentiality, the presidential designee will evaluate
whether other measures are available to limit the effects of the harassment and prevent
its recurrence and implement such measures if reasonable feasible.
(5)  Investigation Procedure.
Upon receiving a discrimination complaint, the college shall commence an impartial
investigation. The presidential designee shall be responsible for overseeing all investigations.
Investigations may be conducted by the presidential designee or his or her designee.
If the investigation is assigned to someone other than the presidential designee,
the presidential designee shall inform the complainant and respondent(s) of the appointment
of an investigator.
(a)  Interim Measures. The presidential designee may impose interim measures to protect the complainant
and/or respondent pending the conclusion of the investigation. Interim measures may
include, but are not limited to, imposition of no contact orders, rescheduling classes,
temporary work reassignments, referrals for counseling or medical assistance, and
imposition of summary discipline on the respondent consistent with the college’s student
conduct code or the College’s employment policies and collective bargaining agreements.
(b)   Investigation. Complaints shall be thoroughly and impartially investigated. The investigation shall
include, but is not limited to, interviewing the complainant and the respondent, relevant
witnesses, and reviewing relevant documents. The investigation shall be concluded
within a reasonable time, normally sixty days barring exigent circumstances. At the
conclusion of the investigation the investigator shall set forth his or her findings
and recommendations in writing. If the investigator is a designee, the investigator
shall send a copy of the findings and recommendations to the presidential designee.
The presidential designee shall consider the findings and recommendations and determine,
based on a preponderance of the evidence, whether a violation of the discrimination
and harassment policy occurred; and if so, what steps will be taken to resolve the
complaint, remedy the effects on any victim(s), and prevent its recurrence. Possible
remedial steps may include, but are not limited to, referral for voluntary training/counseling,
development of a remediation plan, limited contact orders, and referral and recommendation
for formal disciplinary action. Referrals for disciplinary action will be consistent
with the student conduct code or college employment policies and collective bargaining
agreements.
(c)   Written Notice of Decision. The presidential designee will provide each party and the appropriate student services
administrator or appointing authority with written notice of the investigative findings
and of actions taken or recommended to resolve the complaint, subject to the following
limitations. The complainant shall be informed in writing of the findings and of actions
taken or recommended to resolve the complaint, if any, only to the extent that such
findings, actions or recommendations directly relate to the complainant, such as a
finding that the complaint is or is not meritorious or a recommendation that the accused
not contact the complainant. The complainant may be notified generally that the matter
has been referred for disciplinary action. The respondent shall be informed in writing
of the findings and of actions taken or recommended to resolve the complaint and shall
be notified of referrals for disciplinary action. Both the complainant and the respondent
are entitled to review any final findings, conclusions, and recommendations, subject
to any FERPA confidentiality requirements.
(d)  Informal Dispute Resolution. Informal dispute resolution processes, like mediation, may be used to resolve complaints,
when appropriate. Informal dispute resolution shall not be used to resolve sexual
discrimination complaints without written permission from both the complainant and
the respondent. If the parties elect to mediate a dispute, either party shall be free
to discontinue mediation at any time. In no event shall mediation be used to resolve
complaints involving allegations of sexual violence.
(e)   Final Decision/Reconsideration. Either the complainant or the respondent may seek reconsideration of the decision
by the presidential designee. Requests for reconsideration shall be submitted in writing
to the presidential designee within seven days of receiving the decision. Requests
must specify which portion of the decision should be reconsidered and the basis for
reconsideration. If no request for reconsideration is received within seven days,
the decision becomes final. If a request for reconsideration is received, the presidential
designee shall respond within seven days. The presidential designee shall either deny
the request or, if the presidential designee determines that the request for reconsideration
has merit, issue an amended decision. Any amended decision is final and not further
reconsideration is available.
(6)  Publication of Anti-Discrimination Policies and Procedures.
The policies and procedures regarding complaints of discrimination and harassment
shall be published and distributed as determined by the president of president’s designee.
Any person who believes he or she has been subjected to discrimination in violation
of college policy will be provided a copy of these policies and procedures.
(7)  Limits to Authority.
Nothing in this procedure shall prevent the college president or designee from taking
immediate disciplinary action in accordance with Clark College policies and procedures,
and federal, state, and municipal rules and regulations.
(8)  Non-Retaliation, Intimidation and Coercion.
Retaliation by, for or against any participant (including complainant, respondent,
witness, presidential designee, or investigator) is expressly prohibited. Retaliatory
action of any kind taken against individuals as a result of seeking redress under
the applicable procedures or serving as a witness in a subsequent investigation or
any resulting disciplinary proceedings is prohibited and is conduct subject to discipline.
Any person who thinks he/she has been the victim of retaliation should contact the
presidential designee immediately.
(9)  Criminal Complaints.
Discriminatory or harassing conduct may also be, or occur in conjunction with, criminal
conduct. Criminal complaints may be filed with the following law enforcement authorities:
Vancouver Police Department605 E. Evergreen Blvd.Vancouver, WA 98661(360) 487-7400vanpd@cityofvancouver.us
Clark County Sheriff’s Office707 W. 13th StreetVancouver, WA 98660Mailing Address: P. O. Box 410Vancouver WA 98666Main phone: (360) 397-2211sheriff@clark.wa.gov
The college will proceed with an investigation of harassment and discrimination complaints
regardless of whether the underlying conduct is subject to civil or criminal prosecution.
(10)  Other Discrimination Complaint Options.
Discrimination complaints may also be filed with the following federal and state agencies:
Washington State Human Rights Commission
US Department of Education Office for Civil Rights
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
[Statutory Authority: RCW 28B.50.140. WSR 98-19-066, § 132N-300-010, filed 9/18/98,
effective 10/19/98.]
Calendars
College Theme
Historical Fact Sheets
Leadership
Policies and Procedures
Public Disclosure and Records
Shared Governance
Strategic Plan
Academic Standards
Administrative Policies and Procedures Manual
Bias Based Incident Reporting
Clark Advisory Handbook
Code of Student Conduct
Discrimination & Harassment
Grade Change/Academic Appeal Policy
Public Records Privacy Protection Policy
Social Equity Plan
Student Conduct Referral Form
Title IX
Copyright © Clark College
Program Costs-Gainful Employment
Canvas
Class Schedule
Catalog (Current)
Catalog (Archive)
Accessibility
Non-discrimination Policy
Privacy Policy
Public Disclosures
Consumer Information
Title IX
Security
Employment at Clark
Faculty/Staff Directory
Career Services
Student Complaint Process
Non-student Complaints
Address
1933 Fort Vancouver Way
Vancouver, WA 98663
(360) 699-6398
webmaster@clark.edu
Follow Us
facebook
Twitter
Flickr
Instagram
YouTube
©