http://www.cmu.edu/blackboard/gettingstarted/#preferences/privacy
Home
Getting Started for Students
Getting Started for Students
Getting Started
Once enrolled in a course, students are given access to the Blackboard
course data. Students can interact with configured course tools, manage
assignment submissions, and view grades.
Access a Blackboard Course
Open a browser and navigate to the Blackboard home page at
http://www.cmu.edu/blackboard.
Click the "Login" button below the wordmark.
Authenticate using the Carnegie Mellon single sign-on system with
an Andrew ID and password.
When redirected to the Blackboard application, select a course to manage
from the "My Courses" panel.
Note: If a course is missing from the "My Courses"
panel, contact the instructor directly to resolve the problem.
Course Navigation
The "Course Menu" is configured for each Blackboard course to
reflect the tools and content to which students should have access. All
course tools, assignments, and assessments should be available through the
course menu.
Communication Tools
Students can use the set of communication tools provided within the
"Tools" area to contact each other or the instructor
via email, participate in a discussion board forum, view student pages
found in the class roster, and work in groups.
Send Email
The "Send Email" utility sends email to the instructor and
other enrolled students from within the Blackboard application. It lacks
many features of dedicated email clients, including:
Saving sent messages
Performing spell check
Providing a "CC:" list of recipients
Discussion Boards
Use a discussion board to participate in course-related
discussion outside of class. Conversations are logged and organized by
forums set by the instructor that contain threads of all related replies.
The instructor may also choose to provide a forum where students are able
to post anonymously.
Note: Discussion boards have limited search capability. Select
a meaningful subject line to facilitate notice and response.
Course Roster
Retrieve a list of users enrolled in the course. Based on an enrolled
user's privacy configuration, their contact information can be retrieved
from the Carnegie Mellon
Directory.
Group Pages
Students enrolled in a course can be divided into project or study groups,
and the instructor can provision the group with tools (e.g. blogs,
calendars, discussion boards, tasks) accessible via the "Groups"
tool.
View & Submit Assignments
The default location for assignments is a link named
"Assignments" under the "Course Menu". The instructor
will need to communicate the new location if that link is renamed or
moved. Students will use this link to view assignment instructions,
download files provided by the instructor, and submit the completed
assignment to the instructor.
Select an assignment under the assignments area to view instructions and
download any assignment files provided by the instructor.
Enter and/or upload assignment materials.
When prepared to submit work for grading, click "Submit"
— or —
To save for future submission, click "Save as Draft"
Note: The instructor will not have access to the completed
assignment until the user clicks "Submit".
Warning: Remove any special characters from the filename and
add/confirm an appropriate file extension suffix before uploading the file
to Blackboard or the grader may not be able to open it.
Submit Turnitin Assignments
Instructors use the Turnitin service to detect plagiarism. Assignment
submission is integrated into Blackboard and similar to a default
Blackboard assignment submission.
Note: Do not include personally identifiable information
like a name in an assignment submitted through Turnitin. The service
retains all submissions externally, and students need not sacrifice their
FERPA-awarded rights to submit assignments. Instructors and other
course staff will have a mapping of student to assignment submissions.
Locate the assignment within the course content or assignment pages
as discussed in the View &
Submit Assignments directions above.
Click "View/Complete" below the assignment.
The Turnitin dashboard will appear. Click "Submit"
next to the assignment to be handed in.
Add a title and select a file to upload.
Review the uploaded document and click "Submit".
A confirmation message will appear along with a preview of the submitted
assignment.
Check Grades
When the instructor manages grades within Blackboard and permits student
access, grades are available for review within the "My Grades"
utility under the "Tools" area.
"My Grades" includes grade data like the grade item name, item
details, due date, last submitted, grade value, points possible, and any
instructor comments.
Personal Preferences
Students are able to review personal information sent to Blackboard,
configure privacy options, and change the language used by Blackboard
to render navigation and other non-content information.
Personal Information
Student information in Blackboard is processed and updated nightly from
Student Information Online (SIO) and Human Resources.
Registration information is reflected in the "My Courses" panel
on the Blackboard home page. Personal information is available under
"My Places":
Click the "My Places" link at the top of the page.
Click "Personal Information" under "My Preferences".
Click "Edit Personal Information" to bring up the available
student information on Blackboard.
Note: The email address listed under personal information will be
the one used in Blackboard-initiated email communication. Consult the
Computing Services
documentation on mail forwarding to route @andrew.cmu.edu mail to
another address.
Privacy Settings
Students can control their visibility in course rosters and the ability for
classmates to send him or her email through Blackboard on a course-specific
basis.
Click the "My Places" link at the top of the page.
Click "Personal Information" under "My Preferences".
Click "Set Privacy Options" to bring up the settings page for
privacy information.
Note: Instructors will always be able to view students in the
roster and send email to students regardless of privacy configuration.
Change Language
The default language Blackboard uses to render application information
can be changed and saved as a user preference:
Click the "My Places" link at the top of the page.
Click "Personal Information" under "My Preferences".
Click "Change Personal Settings" to bring up the Blackboard
application preferences.
Select a desired option from the dropdown menu under
"Select Language Pack".
Note: Course content and custom options will continue to display
in the language they were written.