http://www.everyday-education.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Thank you for visiting! We are shipping daily, though some areas may experience slight delays due to Covid-19-related safety precautions. We offer ebook editions of the books we publish, with special discounts if you choose the print and ebook bundle. We wish you good health and peace in these challenging times.
About / Contact / Policies
Everyday Education offers books for homeschoolers and other lifelong learners.
How to contact Everyday Education
Email is the best way to contact us: Support at Everyday Education .com.
Mailing address:Everyday Education, LLCP.O. Box 549Ashland, VA 23005USA
Business Hours
We are located on the east coast of the United States, so the time zone is EDT or EST, which is GMT -5:00. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday-Thursday 9 a.m. to noon Friday
If you email us outside of business hours, we will do our best to return your email within 24 hours, usually in the afternoon of the first business day after you write. Please feel free to email again if you think we’ve missed your note—we get hundreds of emails each week, and while most arrives when and where it should, something occasionally goes astray.
Shipping Policy
We ship all retail packages via United States Postal Service Priority Mail—it has proven to be speedy and reliable, and relatively cost-effective. My goal is to ship all packages within two business days of receipt of the order (weather and post office access permitting—this may vary slightly in the winter). Wholesale packages are shipped in the most cost-effective way we can find. Thank you for ordering!
International Shipping
We are working on finding ways of making our books more easily available overseas, as shipping is quite expensive for international packages. I haven’t quite figured out how to calculate international shipping in our software, so if you would like to order, you may email us for a shipping estimate based on the weight of your package. We ship in the most cost-effective way we can find and charge actual shipping, with no additional handling charge. Some of our books are available through Book Depository, and we will add other sources as we find them.
Return Policy
If you purchase a book from Everyday Education, and you feel it does not meet your needs, you may return it within 30 days, in original condition, for a full refund of the purchase price (not including shipping). Please email us at the email address listed above for a street address to ship it back to. The post office box doesn’t work for book returns—they squish it, fold it, and make it look as if it’s been through a war zone. It’s definitely not resellable after that!
Telephone Policy
In the spirit of “making time for things that matter,” we have limited phone hours. Email works so much better for our small business. Thank you for understanding! If you urgently need to reach us and only the phone will do, the number is 804-767-5961.
The best time to call would be Monday-Thursday from 1 p.m.. to 5 p.m. (I write in the morning, so don’t have the phone on until after lunch). I encourage you to please try email first, as many queries need a response with an email attachment, and those are more likely to reach your inbox if they are a reply to an email from you.
Payment Processing
We process all our payments through PayPal or Shopify Payments and the company name on your billing statement should be Everyday Education, LLC, or some abbreviation of it, depending on the payment processor.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.