http://www.press.uchicago.edu/press/privacy.html
About
Contact
News
Giving to the Press
Books
Journals
Info & Services
Chicago Manual of Style
Scientific Style and Format
Books
Journals
Chicago Distribution Center
Info & Services
The University of Chicago Press Privacy Policy Statement
VISITORS TO OUR WEBSITE
Visitors to this website who have Javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. (Google Analytics is subject to the privacy policy of Google, Inc., which you can find on their website.) Our web server automatically recognizes and records information about your use of our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, the time and day you visited, and your browser type. This information is analyzed periodically to improve how our website functions. We make no attempt to track information back to individuals and store no information in our server logs that would allow us to identify visitors to our site.
Cookies: We use cookies on our website. If you use our online shopping cart to submit an order for a product, we will set a cookie in your web browser that stores the contents of your shopping cart. After the order is submitted, we delete the cookie. If you do not submit the order, the cookie will be deleted when you close your browser. We do use cookies (set by Google Analytics) to track the pages you view and the number of times you visit our site specifically for web analytical purposes. The cookies we use are not connected to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Links to other sites: The Press website occasionally provides links to third-party websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit from our site so that you understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. The Press is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside our own website.
CUSTOMERS
If you use our secure online server to order a book, journal, or other product from us, we require a minimal amount of information needed to process the order, which may include your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and email address. This information is never stored in clear text on our server, but is encrypted and forwarded immediately to the University of Chicago Press and stored safely in our secure databases. We retain this information indefinitely unless you request that we delete it.
OTHER INDIVIDUALS
Authors, reviewers, editors, and other individuals who participate in our peer review and publication processes are asked to provide personal information, which may include your name, telephone number, mailing address, email address, and demographic information. This information is used to contact you as part of the publication process and for internal review purposes. Occasionally, we may use your personal information to send you announcements or other communications that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of these occasional communications by writing to the email address or postal address below.
USE OF PERSONAL INFO
We may use the information you provide to us when ordering a Press product to contact you about problems with your order or account or to alert you that your subscription requires renewing.
Unless you instruct us otherwise, we may use your name, mailing address, and email address (but not your telephone number) to tell you about new University of Chicago Press products and services. From time to time, you may receive print catalogs or other promotional materials from us that describe books or journals in areas that you may be interested in, or we may occasionally send you email announcing sales, special offers, or announcements. Such email promotions are infrequent. All promotional emails include easy instructions for opting out of future emails.
From time to time, we may make your postal address or email address available to other publishers or selected organizations who match our mission and standards, and whose products or services may be of interest to you. You can opt out of being included in these third-party lists by writing to the email address or the postal address below. We do not disclose the contact information of our institutional and librarian clients.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Except as described in this policy statement, the information we collect about you and your use of our website will not be made available to any entity outside of the Press and its publishing partners.
We may disclose your information to third parties that provide support to our operations; if such disclosure is required by law, court order, or subpoena; or with your consent. We may also disclose information in a de-identified form for any purpose. If suspected misuse of our website originates from an IP address registered to an institution, then web server log information from that IP address may be shared with the institution as part of the investigation of the suspected misuse.
YOUR RIGHTS/REMEDIES OF CONCERNS
Various jurisdictions grant individuals rights regarding their data, including: (i) the right to request access to your information held by us; (ii) the right to have inaccurate or incomplete personal data rectified; (iii) the right to erasure of your information, provided there is no legitimate reason for us to continue to process or retain the information; (iv) the right to restrict processing of your information in specific situations; (v) the right to request provision of some elements of your information (vi) the right to object to processing of your information, including to send you communications that may be considered direct-marketing materials; (vii) the right to object to automated decision-making and profiling, where applicable. All requests to exercise any of these rights should be made to us at the contact information below.
While we encourage you to bring your concerns to us in the first instance, in certain jurisdictions, you may also have the right to submit a complaint to the jurisdiction’s supervisory authority for data protection matters.
Our postal address is:
The University of Chicago Press
Attn: IS Department
1427 East 60th Street
Chicago, IL 60637
We can be reached via email at privacy@press.uchicago.edu
Changes to this policy: This policy is effective as of the date below. We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any significant changes, you will be alerted via a notification on our website.
Last updated: 05/25/2018
Bibliovault
Looking for a book published by a scholarly press?
Search our repository of 42,000 academic and university press titles to see if we can point you to the book you need. Read More
News
Twitter
Tweets by @UChicagoPress
University of Chicago Press: 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637
Contact | About | Privacy
View Full
Website
University of Chicago Press: 1427 E. 60th Street Chicago, IL 60637 USA | Voice: 773.702.7700 | Fax: 773.702.9756
Privacy Policies
Site Map
Bibliovault
Chicago Manual of Style
Turabian
University of Chicago