http://www.thesouthernbaptistacademy.org/terms.php
Homeschool Southern Baptist — Homeschooling Web Site Terms
of Use
live chat service provider
Send
The Southern Baptist Academy - K-12 Online Homeschooling
About Us
Our Principal
Our Homeschooling Promises
Our Homeschooling Mission
Our Convictions in Homeschooling
Our Homeschool Philosophy
Our Statement of Christian Faith
Homeschool News
Our
National Accreditation
Southern Baptist Convention Resolution
Get Our Kids Out of Public School
Homeschooling Resources Online
Information for School Officials
How It Works
How Homeschooling Works
Homeschool Parent's Role
Homeschool Social Center
Daily
Homeschool Lesson Plans
What You Get
Computer Requirements
Graduation Requirements
Course
Demonstration
Homeschool Portfolios
Full Course Catalog
150 Multimedia Rich Courses
Elementary Homeschooling Curriculum
Middle School Homeschooling Curriculum
High School Homeschooling Curriculum
Summer School Program
Placement Testing
Affordable Tuition
Our
Homeschool Tuition
Exodus
Partners
FAQs
Enroll Now
Terms of Use
Welcome to The Southern Baptist Academy home school web site. The Southern Baptist
Academy home school website is owned and operated by The Southern Baptist Academy,
Inc. In return for access to the information we are providing, we require
that you abide by these Terms of Use in your use of this home school web
site. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use
this home school web site. Your use of this home school web site is your
automatic agreement to these Terms of Use.
Homeschool Web Site Background
This homeschool web site is designed to provide homeschool
students, homeschool parents and guardians with access to a
varied collection of digital media. If you are not a registered
student or the parent or guardian of a registered student, a
tutor, teacher or administrator, you are not authorized to use
this homeschool web site. We recommend that you review these
Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use. If at any time you are not
in compliance with these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use, we
have the right to terminate your rights of use and access to
this homeschool web site. We also have the right to terminate
your use at our discretion, for any reason or no reason.
Updates to Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use
We may amend these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use at any
time by posting the amended Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use
on this homeschool web site. Your use of this homeschool web
site after the posting of the amended Homeschooling Web Site
Terms of Use constitutes automatic acceptance of the amended
Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use. You may only amend these
Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use by a writing signed by both
of us. Any information contained on this homeschool web site
does not represent a commitment on our part in the future. We
make no commitment to update the information contained on this
homeschool web site.
Limitations on Use
Your use of the homeschool ebooks, homeschool etexts, and
associated graphics obtained through this homeschool web site is
subject to the following limitations:
The homeschool ebooks, homeschool etexts, and associated
graphics obtained through this homeschool web site may not
be used for any commercial purpose.
The Public Domain homeschool ebooks, homeschool etexts,
and	associated graphics obtained through this homeschool web
site may be copied in print or electronic form without our
permission as long as the academy program
is credited.
Users are not permitted to download the homeschool
ebooks, homeschool etexts, or associated graphics or any
other content, excepting public domain texts, in order to
mount them on their own servers for public use or for use
by a set of users or subscribers.
System Integrity
You may not use any device, software or routine, including
but not limited to any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs
or cancelbots, intended to damage or interfere with the proper
working of this homeschool web site or to surreptitiously
intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal
information from this homeschool web site. You may not take any
action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on our infrastructure, including but not limited to denial
of service attacks, "spam" or any other such unsolicited
overload technique.
Possible Defects
It is possible the homeschool ebooks, homeschool etexts, and
associated graphics available on this homeschool web site and
any medium they may be on may contain defects such as
incomplete, inaccurate, or corrupt data, transcription errors,
copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a
defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or
computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
You use this homeschool web site at your own risk. We do not
endorse any information posted or content contained on this
homeschool web site and we are not liable for any information
posted on this homeschool web site, including but not limited to
any information posted about you. We reserve the right to take
any action with respect to information posted on this homeschool
web site which we believe is appropriate in our sole discretion
with respect to information posted on this homeschool web site,
including but not limited to termination of your rights of
use.
Links
This homeschool web site may contain links to third-party web
sites not under our control or operation. When we provide links,
we do so only as a convenience and do not endorse and are not
responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link
contained in a linked site. We may, in our sole discretion,
permit links to this homeschool web site, as long as they do not
imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation. We do require,
however, that you get our prior written consent before creating
any type of hyperlink to this homeschool web site. You may frame
this homeschool web site only with our prior written
consent.
Third Party Content
This homeschool web site may contain news and information
published by various third party providers or links to third
party web sites. The Terms and Conditions of the respective
third parties are posted on their respective web sites (and may
be updated from time to time). We recommend that you review
those Terms and Conditions.
Homeschool Tuition
This academy's homeschool program has both public and
private sections of this homeschool web site. Access to these
private sections require a username and password which are
created by the parent during the application process. Primarily
for instruction, these sections are available on a tuition
payment. At certain times of the year, the academy
offers an installment payment plan to make it
easier for homeschool parents and guardians to budget their
financial obligations. Upon homeschool enrollment, the
homeschool student's parent or guardian is agreeing to pay the
total tuition for the then-current school year either in full or
according to an installment plan (if currently offered) that
allows the full tuition amount to be split into two or more
installment payments.
Tuition includes access to up to 6 homeschool courses.
Families who wish to enroll in additional homeschool courses may
do so at a tuition rate of $195.00 per homeschool course for up to two additional
homeschool courses. Homeschool students may not enroll in more
than 8 homeschool courses during one school year. There may be
additional fees and homeschool course materials for additional
homeschool courses which are clearly described within the
official homeschool course description.
Refund Policy
Families have 30 days from the first student log on in which
to determine if the Academy's programs suit the needs of their
student(s). Refunds will be granted according to the following
policies as long as the family disenrolls from the Academy via
email or other written notice to the Member Services department
as well as placing a telephone call to Member Services at
Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM													and
Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM																EST
.
Both written and telephone notices are needed for
dishomeschool enrollment to be completed and for any refunds to
be issued. Fees such as Shipping & Handling, Application or
Homeschool enrollment fees and Miscellaneous and/or homeschool
curriculum and/or CD and/or Multi-Media fees are non-refundable.
The single exception to this policy is that if the academy
is unable to accept a student into our
program for any reason, the Application/Homeschool enrollment
fee is fully refundable.
Any refunds for any given regular learning year must be
requested on or before June 30 of that learning year. Any refunds
for any summer session or extension must be requested within 10 days
of starting summer ssession.
We are not able to offer any
refunds or credits requested after those dates.
Tuition fees may be refundable according to the following
schedule:
Disenrollment within 30 days of homeschool
enrollment:
If entire yearly tuition has been paid in full at the
time of registration, the family will receive a refund of
their entire tuition payment minus 25%. If installment plan
payments were agreed to at the time of registration and have
been paid according to the agreement, all tuition paid minus
the first installment payment will be refunded.
If the student is enrolled in additional homeschool
courses beyond the 6 covered by tuition, and the student
disenrolls from an additional homeschool course within 30
days of the student's first day of attendance, the student
will receive a refund of 75% of the additional homeschool
course fee of $195.00. The refund does not apply to
homeschool curriculum materials, CD Usage Fees or any other
fees necessary for homeschool enrollment in the additional
homeschool courses.
Disenrollment after 30 days of homeschool
enrollment date:
After 30 days, all yearly tuition fees are due and
payable. No refunds are available on tuition, homeschool
curriculum materials, CD Usage Fees or any other fees.
If the student is enrolled in additional homeschool
courses beyond the 6 covered by tuition, and the student
disenrolls from an additional homeschool course after 30
days of the student's first day of attendance, no refunds
are available on tuition, homeschool curriculum materials,
CD Usage Fees or any other fees.
Transferring From One Academy to Enroll in Another:
This academy is managed by Learning By Grace, Inc. which
also manages other online academies. Depending on the time
of the year and the available spaces in any specific
academy, families may be permitted to transfer from one
academy to another and may apply all tuition payments
previously made under the following circumstances:
If the tuition is higher in the first academy
in which the family enrolled, any tuition already
paid will be applied to the tuition for the second
academy. If the application of this tuition amount
exceeds the total tuition for the academy in which
they are enrolling, no refunds will be issued on the
balance.
If the application of this tuition amount does
not exceed the total tuition for the academy to
which they are transferring, the difference between
the two tuitions will then become the balance due
and owing by the family.
Families must register for the academy to which
they are transferring through the registration area
of that academy's web site, as when they registered
for the first academy. Registration fees and
shipping/handling are never refundable, therefore
families must pay both fees again when transferring
between academies. Homeschool curriculum materials
from the original academy must be returned, and new
homeschool curriculum materials for the newly chosen
homeschool courses will be provided once again. An
exception to this policy is when the student is
taking the exact same classes in the new academy.
In this instance, homeschool curriculum materials do
not need to be returned and new materials do not
need to be issued.
Any CDs received for homeschool curriculum in
the first academy must also be returned. The CD
Usage Fees paid at the time of registration in the
first academy will then be refunded and the family
will pay the CD Usage Fees again for the CDs that
accompany the homeschool courses they have chosen in
the new academy.
Each academy, even if they offer the same (or
similar) homeschool curriculum, is a separate
entity. Homeschool coursework completed in one
academy cannot be "switched over" or transferred
automatically to the new academy. Homeschool
students must print out any work completed in the
first academy that they wish to save, as this work
will not remain accessible after dishomeschool
enrollment. Homeschool students may use this
previously completed homeschool coursework to
complete the same homeschool courses in the new
academy so they can quickly complete the weeks of
work that have passed. Contact Member Services for
a complete explanation of this rule and for
assistance.
Financial Responsibility
At times, the academy offers an
installment payment plan to make it easier for homeschool
parents or guardians to budget yearly tuition costs. This plan
is offered interest free as long as invoice payments are not
late. For accounts that are not current, a finance charge of
1.5% (subject to State and National regulations) and a Late Fee of $40.00 is added on a
monthly basis and will accumulate until the account is paid.
Payments may be made through our secure online payment system by
logging into the "parent" account and clicking on the
"Make Payment" button. Homeschool parents may also call Client
Services at 															Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM													and
Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM																EST
for assistance with making
payments or asking questions about your account.
For those using Visa or Mastercard, our secure online
Auto-Pay system automatically processes charge card payments
if/when future payments are due. Using Auto-Pay helps assure
uninterrupted service and helps to avoid interest and late
charges. Those who do not wish to use Auto-Pay must delete their
credit card information on their parent account page. In this
case, homeschool parents are responsible for entering a payment
via the online system and/or mailing a check or money order for
the amount due or re-entering their charge card information when
they wish to make a payment. Returned checks are subject to a
$30.00 Return Check Fee. Declined Credit Card transactions are
subject to a $1.00 Declined Credit Card Fee. Member Services can
be reached via the "contact" link at the bottom of this page
Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM													and
Monday thru Friday from 9 AM to 4:30 PM																EST
.
Accounts that are placed in collection because of non-payment
are subject to additional fees as permitted by law. The account
holder is responsible for all collection costs (legal and
para-legal) associated with collection activities for accounts
that are cancelled for non-payment. Accounts cancelled for
non-payment are subject to an additional $149.00 per student
homeschool curriculum fee. However this fee will be credited
upon return of all homeschool curriculum materials in good
useable condition within 30 days of cancellation. Accounts
cancelled or suspended for non-payment are subject to reporting
to credit agencies and collection services.
Return of Homeschool Curriculum Materials
Homeschool curriculum materials are provided to our families
via ground shipment after homeschool enrollment has been
completed and, for 6-12 grades, after homeschool course
selection has been finalized. Homeschool curriculum materials
may include, but are not limited to, textbooks, workbooks and
age-appropriate supplemental materials. These homeschool
curriculum materials are provided to enhance the child's
educational experience. These materials are not necessary for
the completion of homeschool courses. The academy
is primarily an online learning environment
and, as such, the bulk of the student's homeschool curriculum is
presented online. Additionally, CDs containing essential video
and audio are included in your homeschool curriculum shipment.
There is a CD Usage Fee of 7.95 per CD. Some homeschool courses
do not have CDs while others can be accompanied by one to ten
CDs. For families who have paid the tuition and fees in full
upon registration or according to the agreed tuition installment
plan, the Homeschool curriculum Materials do not need to be
returned. Video CDs are programmed with a Digital Rights
Management function that will allow them to be played only
during the current school year; they can be disposed of after
that time.
Suspension, Expulsion and Dishomeschool Enrollment
Suspension is a temporary discontinuance of access to the
academy's private sections. Homeschool
students remain enrolled during a suspension and all financial
responsibilities remain in effect during a suspension. If a
student is expelled for any reason, the financial responsibility
to the tuition ceases upon expulsion. Suspension or expulsion
can occur for a variety of reasons, including abuse of Social
Center privileges.
Privacy
We recommend that you review our Homeschool Website Privacy
Policy that is posted on this homeschool web site, which is part
of these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use and which we may
amend from time to time. If at any time you are not in
compliance with the policy, we have the right to terminate your
rights of use and access to this homeschool web site.
Unfortunately, we cannot insure that all personal information
will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in the
Homeschool Website Privacy Policy. We may be required by law to
disclose information to government authorities, law enforcement
or to third parties upon subpoena, and you authorize us to
disclose information as we believe, in our sole discretion, is
necessary or appropriate.
Religious Content and World-View
The academy website is centered
around traditional, conservative Christianity which is not only
limited to subjects such as Bible or Devotions but is extended
to be integrated in all traditional subjects. Christian concepts
are integrated into all subject areas in all grade levels. The
type of Christian content is generally described in our
Statement Of Faith. All homeschool students, regardless of
religious background, are expected to learn and master all
teachings at the academy, which include our Christian foundation.
Understanding that this is a Christian learning environment, you
agree not to express, attempt to persuade or proselytize other
homeschool parents or homeschool students to a differing view
even if you disagree with these positions. This policy is in
place because homeschool parents expect that the Christian
teaching received at the academy is consistent with our Statement of
Faith. This policy does not preclude discussions of comparative
religions limited to classrooms where such discussion is part of
the determined and approved lesson structure. This policy does
not apply to situations such as personal, non-public, one-to-one
discussions with teachers, tutors and/or administration to
discuss and explore matters of a spiritual nature; we encourage
such inquiry and encourage our teachers, tutors and
administration to participate to the degree that the time
involved in such discussions does not interfere with their
ability to well tend to the primary needs of their homeschool
students.
Submission of Materials
All comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other
information that you transmit to us through this homeschool web
site become and will remain our property and may be used by us
anywhere, anytime and for any reason whatsoever. Any materials
or information submitted to us will be treated as
non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we will not have any
obligation to use or evaluate any information we receive from
you. In addition, we will not be under any obligation to respond
in any way or reveal to you any information about the
academy or any of its affiliates. We will not
have to pay you or anyone else for using any ideas or other
materials that you may transmit to us in connection with the use
of this homeschool web site. You should rely solely on your
rights under the patent, trademark, and copyright laws. The
receipt or consideration of your information by us shall in no
way impair our right to contest the validity of your patent,
trademark, or copyright. Of homeschool course, you are not to
transmit to this homeschool web site any material which is
unlawful, threatening, violent, abusive, harassing, degrading,
defamatory, libelous, deceptive; fraudulent, or which may give
rise to civil or criminal liability, infringe a third party's
intellectual property rights, or otherwise violate any law or
regulation. Even though we may monitor and review transmissions,
we assume no responsibility or liability which may arise from
the content thereof, including - but not limited to - claims for
defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, profanity or
misrepresentation.
Credits and Transfer of Credits & Attendence Requirements
(This specific section applies only to students enrolled in one of the Learning By Grace, Inc. managed registered schools)
It is universally
accepted that the acceptablity or transferrability of credits
from one institution to another is strictly the decision
of the "receiving" institution. Parents/students who may need to have
credits earned at a Learning By Grace, Inc. managed registered school transferred
to or accepted by another institution should always contact the admissions department of
that/those institution(s) to verify transferrability. This concept is applicable not only
to our academies but to all credit-granting and credit-receiving institutions. Although
credits are generally accepted we can not guarantee credit transferrability simply because
transferrability is at the discretion of the receiving (not issuing) institution.
The minimum total school year attendance required for graduation from a student enrolled in a Learning By Grace, Inc teacher-led managed registered school
is a total of 900 instructional hours. One of the wonderful advantages
of online learning is that the day-to-day schedule can be modified to meet a specific
learning style. Please note however, that to be considered a "Full-Time" student an average
monthly attendance must be reached of no less than 70 instructional hours after the end of
the second month of enrollment or with special exceptions. Each school year starts out with
every student being classified as a full-time student (if a student is taking a full class
load), however beginning at the end of the second month, if a student is averaging less than
70 hours of instructional time per month they are considered a "Part-Time" student until such
time as their monthly average instructional hours reaches the 70-hour minimum at which point they are classified as "Full-Time" again. Students taking less
than a six (6) courses are considered "Part-Time" students.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This homeschool web site (excluding linked sites) is operated
by us from our offices and it can be accessed from all 50 states
in the United States, as well as from other countries around the
world. As each of these places has laws that may differ, by
accessing this homeschool web site, you agree that these
Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use and your use of this
homeschool web site shall be governed in all respects by the
internal substantive laws of the geographic location of the
physical headquarters of the academy.
You further submit to jurisdiction and venue in the federal and
state courts located where the physical headquarters are located
and further agree that any cause of action you may bring arising
under your use of this homeschool web site shall be brought by
you exclusively in a federal or state court. We make no
representation that materials on this homeschool web site are
appropriate or available for use in other locations, and
accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal
is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other
locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with local laws.
No Warranty
We provide the homeschool ebooks, homeschool etexts,
graphics, and other information on this homeschool web site free
of charge, subject to these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use.
We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as
to the accuracy, completeness, or any other aspect of the
information on this homeschool web site and assume no liability
in connection with any use of this information. THIS HOMESCHOOL
WEB SITE, THE HOMESCHOOL EBOOKS, HOMESCHOOL ETEXTS, GRAPHICS,
AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN AND OUR SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS," "WHERE IS," AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE
ALSO DO NOT GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS
TO THIS HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE OR OUR SERVICES, AND OPERATION OF
THIS HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY NUMEROUS
FACTORS OUTSIDE OF OUR CONTROL. YOU USE THIS HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE
AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and
against any and all claims, demands, actions, costs,
liabilities, losses and damages of any kind (including
attorneys' fees) resulting from your use of this homeschool web
site, your breach of any provision of these Homeschooling Web
Site Terms of Use and/or any intentional wrongdoing by you. Any
such indemnification shall be conditioned on our: (a) notifying
you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost,
liability, loss or threat of any thereof; (b) cooperating with
you in the defense or settlement thereof; and (c) allowing you
to control such defense or settlement. We shall be entitled to
participate in such defense at our own cost and expense. We
reserve the right to report any wrongdoing, if we become aware
of it, to the applicable government agencies or otherwise.
Limitation of Liability
In the event that you have a dispute with one or more users
of this homeschool web site, you release us (and our agents and
employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual,
consequential and punitive) of every kind and nature, known and
unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed,
arising out of or in any way connected with this homeschool web
site or such disputes. You waive the provisions of any law or
regulation limiting or prohibiting a general release. NEITHER
THE ACADEMY, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY
PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS
HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY
THAT ACCOMPANY OR RESULT FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS
HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS AND USE THIS
HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE, OR FROM DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIAL CONTAINED
ON THIS SITE. NOR WILL ANY SUCH PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY
OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND WHICH MAY ARISE,
DIRECTLY, OR INDIRECTLY FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE,
THIS HOMESCHOOL WEB SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANYTHING
CAUSED BY: A) INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE INFORMATION; B) COMPUTER
VIRUSES; C) SOFTWARE BUGS; D) HUMAN ACTION OR INACTION; E) ANY
COMPUTER SYSTEM, PHONE LINE, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR PROGRAM
MALFUNCTIONS; OR F) ANY OTHER ERRORS, FAILURE OR DELAYS IN
COMPUTER TRANSMISSION OR NETWORK CONNECTION. The limitations of
liability provided in these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use
inure to the benefit of The
Academy Homeschool Program,
our affiliates and to all of our respective officers, directors,
employees, attorneys and agents.
Other General Provisions
If any provision of these Homeschooling Web Site Terms of Use
is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be
struck and the remaining provisions enforced. Headings are for
reference purposes only.
To protect the privacy
of our parents and students photographs and images depicting parents,
students, staff and/or other individuals on this
website are usually created by professional photographers and are not
current, or past participants of one or more of our
oneline academy programs. Our failure to act with respect to a
breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with
respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Homeschooling
Web Site Terms of Use, and all writings and web pages
incorporated by reference into these Homeschooling Web Site
Terms of Use, set forth the entire understanding and agreement
between us with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Copyright © 1999-2020 The Southern Baptist Academy, LBG, Inc., ELRN, Inc. and other copyright
holders. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part without expressed permission is not
permitted. Private access to our online homeschooling environment is subject to the terms and
conditions in our Privacy Policy, Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Policy and rules and conditions
detailed in our online homeschooling website at www.TheSouthernBaptistAcademy.org. Terms and
conditions may change without notice and should be checked regularly for updates.
Homeschool News
Homeschool Tour
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
Copyright
Mimi Rothschild
Network Status
Facebook Fan Page
Merchant Services