http://www.wcu.edu/discover/leadership/office-of-the-chancellor/legal-counsel-office/privacy-statement.aspx
Skip to main content
About Western Carolina
Leadership
Office of the Chancellor
Legal, Compliance, Title IX, Section 504
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Web Privacy Statement
Western Carolina University ("University" or "WCU") is committed to protecting the privacy of confidential information submitted through
our websites by students, employees, members of the campus community and visitors
("Users"). The purpose of this privacy statement is to inform Users regarding which
personal or personally identifiable information we may collect when a User visits
a WCU website, as well as how the University will use such information.
Information About Users
WCU collects information about a User from its websites through:
Web Logs and Cookies: WCU web servers generate temporary logs and cookies that contain a variety of information
about each User and his/her use of our websites. The data that WCU collects helps
it respond to User requests in an appropriate and/or personalized manner.
Online Forms: WCU hosts numerous online forms through which it collects user information. This
information helps WCU serve its users more efficiently. Delivery of the service supported
by an online form may require that WCU share information with external business partners.
Online Surveys: WCU uses third-party online survey products. Data from surveys may be or remain the
property (shared or in total) of the external third party. Surveys should be conducted according to University Policy 51: Conducting Surveys.
E-Commerce: WCU does not accept credit card payments through a WCU or WCU organized payment service.
WCU contracts with various third parties with regard to credit and credit card services.
Use of Information About You
WCU promises to use the information we collect only for its stated and implied purposes.
WCU will protect student, medical, and other protected records as required by applicable
law (such as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act), contract, and University Policy 97: Data Security and Stewardship. However, WCU reserves the right to use any data collected as it sees fit including,
but not limited to:
WCU publishes directory information (name, address, phone number, etc.) for its students consistent with the provisions of FERPA legislation. Students may
contact the University Registrar to elect that their directory information not be
published.
WCU's status as a public institution requires that some information collected through
our websites may be subject to release under the provisions of the North Carolina
Public Records Act (PRA)
To maintain its compliance with federal and state legislation, WCU retains the right
to release both personally identifiable and aggregate information to state and federal
agencies as required.
Public Boards
WCU may provide chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups for its students,
faculty, staff and/or members of the community. Any information that is disclosed
in these areas may become public information and a User should therefore exercise
caution when deciding to disclose one's personal information in such places. Chat
sessions and discussion forums may be logged and may be subject to the North Carolina
Public Records Act and/or other relevant laws and policies.
Accessibility
WCU is committed to ensuring that our website is accessible to everyone. We strive
to ensure our web content adheres to accessibility guidelines and procedures embodied
in University Policy 86: Web Accessibility Policy.We are continually striving to improve the experience for all of our visitors. If
you have any questions or suggestions regarding the accessibility of our web content,
please contact our Web Services team at webmaster@wcu.edu.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use
of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with
the University Policy 97: Data Security and Stewardship. WCU does not guarantee that the site will function error free or uninterrupted or
that loss of privacy, theft of information, damage or loss of data arising directly
or indirectly from the absence or failure of security protection mechanisms will not
occur.
Contact Information
Questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this site may be directed to webmaster@wcu.edu.
Office of Web Services