https://www.wildcat.arizona.edu/page/privacy
Click here for updates on the evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) situation at the University of Arizona
h1. Arizona Daily Wildcat Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 29, 2011
*Visitors*
Like most website operators, Arizona Daily Wildcat collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Arizona Daily Wildcat’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Arizona Daily Wildcat’s visitors use its website.
Arizona Daily Wildcat also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Arizona Daily Wildcat does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
*Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information*
Certain visitors to Arizona Daily Wildcat’s websites choose to interact with Arizona Daily Wildcat in ways that require Arizona Daily Wildcat to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Arizona Daily Wildcat gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment to supply an email address. In each case, Arizona Daily Wildcat collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Arizona Daily Wildcat. Arizona Daily Wildcat does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
*Aggregated Statistics*
Arizona Daily Wildcat may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Arizona Daily Wildcat may monitor the most popular articles or comments on the dailywildcat.com.com site. Arizona Daily Wildcat may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Arizona Daily Wildcat does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
*Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information*
Arizona Daily Wildcat discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Arizona Daily Wildcat's behalf or to provide services available at Arizona Daily Wildcat websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Arizona Daily Wildcat websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Arizona Daily Wildcat will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Arizona Daily Wildcat discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Arizona Daily Wildcat believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Arizona Daily Wildcat, third parties or the public at large. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Arizona Daily Wildcat takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
*Cookies*
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Arizona Daily Wildcat uses cookies to help Arizona Daily Wildcat identify and track visitors, and their website access preferences. Arizona Daily Wildcat visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Arizona Daily Wildcat websites, with the drawback that certain features of Arizona Daily Wildcat websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
*Classified Advertising*
Arizona Daily Wildcat classified advertising may be ordered online. The order page is hosted on a secure server hosted by Eclipse Services. Credit card processing is through PayPal’s Payflow Link service. Should you decide to order a classified ad online, we request only the information we need to complete the transaction. If we have trouble processing your order, this information is used to contact you and resolve the issue.
*Ads*
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Arizona Daily Wildcat and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
*Privacy Policy Changes*
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Arizona Daily Wildcat may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Arizona Daily Wildcat’s sole discretion. Arizona Daily Wildcat encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
*Legal Actions & Disputes*
By accessing this website, user agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any and all legal actions or disputes against Arizona Daily Wildcat and any of its employees shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Arizona.
*University of Arizona Privacy Statement*
http://security.arizona.edu/privacy_statement
UA COVID-19 Test Tracker
Daily (12/10)
897
26
%
Total (8/4)
96,888
2,959
%
Includes tests since August 4, 2020Data from https://covid19.arizona.edu/updatesUpdated December 10, 2020
The Latest
UA graduate student studies the chatty life of covert squirrel
5 hours ago
Litwin's Locks: Pac-12 Week 6
5 hours ago
Staff Picks: Arizona Wildcats (0-4) vs. Arizona State Sun Devils (0-2)
5 hours ago
It all comes full circle for former Wildcat Josh Green getting to play on Christmas day
9 hours ago
Arizona dominates CSU Bakersfield by 25 points to move to 4-0 on the season
December 10
Across the Press Box: Previewing the Territorial Cup with Wills Rice
December 10
Newest Video
More Video
Tweets by @dailywildcat
×
Donate to The Daily Wildcat
Trips to outer space... National championships... Groundbreaking discoveries... A global pandemic... If it has happened within the University of Arizona community, the Daily Wildcat was there and told you all about it. We've done it since 1899 and don't intend to stop now.
But we could use your help. Would you consider a donation to support the UA's independent student voice?
Your one-time or recurring contribution (and no amount is too small!) helps pay our student staff, refresh costly newsroom and in-the-field reporting equipment and so much more. Thanks for reading and for your ongoing support!
DONATE TODAY
Remind me later