http://www.sciencemuseumok.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
1. What information does the Museum collect about me on the Site?
The Museum collects personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide via online forms, which may include: user registration; contact requests; membership, ticket, service, and product orders; volunteer and employee applications; and other online activities. The personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) collected on the Site may include some or all of the following: name, street address, zip code, demographic information, birth date, phone number, billing information (including credit/debit card information), email address, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. You have the choice whether or not to disclose Personal Information; however, some parts of the Site, such as ordering and checkout, will be impossible to use if you do not disclose Personal Information.
In addition to Personal Information, Our web servers automatically identify Site users’ computers by their IP addresses. The Museum may use these IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Further, the Site may use tracking technologies such as “cookies” to provide visitors with tailored information upon each return visit. Cookies are a common part of many websites that allow small text files to be sent by a website, accepted by your web browser, and then placed on your hard drive as recognition token. Every time you visit the Site, cookies, pixels or other scripts may record basic technical information, such as your domain name, your shopping cart, the address of the last URL visited prior to the Site, your browser, and your operating system. Data that is associated with cookies, user identifiers, or advertising identifiers may be stored for up to 26 months. You do not need to enable cookies to visit the Site; however, some parts of the Site, including ordering and checkout, will be impossible to use if cookies are disabled. For clarity, cookies do not contain any Personal Information.
2. What does the Museum do with the information collected?
The Museum may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand how users use the Site; (2) to make improvements to the Site; (3) to register visitors for online activities such as: online ordering, payment or donation processing, surveys, volunteer or employment applications, event RSVP, and comment forms; (4) to respond to specific requests from users; (5) to provide notices to users about orders; (6) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (7) to send notices of special promotions, offers or solicitations; and (8) to promote and market the Museum's business and various products and services.
Certain Personal Information you provide to Us will be retained both in hard copy and within Our software database system, the purpose of which is to generate invoices and maintain purchase or donation history.
3. With whom does the Museum share the information?
The Museum may share Personal Information collected on the Site with any affiliates or subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries or affiliates of the Museum.
The Museum may share Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances: (i) in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or when otherwise required by law; or (ii) working with third party companies to support the Site's technical operation, to execute a specific promotion or program (such as delivery services, and email processors), or to process employment or volunteer applications.
Credit and debit card information submitted with your purchase or donation is shared with our payment processor, used solely for the purpose of processing your purchase or donation, and is not retained by Us. Your purchases may be shipped via a delivery service, and certain Personal Information (name and address) will be shared with that service to facilitate delivery.
The Museum will not sell, rent, loan, transfer, or otherwise disclose any Personal Information to third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
4. How can I stop receiving notices about future offers?
Users may opt-out of future offers or promotional materials by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of such emails, or by sending an email to contact@sciencemuseumok.org. The Museum will implement the change within seven days of your request. The Museum may send an acknowledgement or confirmation of the request to the email address on file.
We use cookies to enhance user experience, ads and website performance. By interacting with our site you are giving consent to set cookies.
For more information, visit our
privacy policy page.