http://www.etcourse.com/privacy.html
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Call toll-free: 1-888-553-5333E-mail
Electronics Technician Training
Online Education Program
Privacy Policy
George Brown College Privacy and Data Protection Policies
George Brown College is committed to ensuring that our students and website visitors have their privacy and personal data protected. This page summarizes the privacy policy and data protection practices for George Brown College's Online Technical Training websites and program administration.
Purposes for collection, use and disclosure of personal information
George Brown College collects, uses, processes and discloses your personal information with your knowledge and consent and only for purposes that we have identified prior to or at the time we collect the information. Some of the purposes for which George Brown College may collect, use, process and disclose your personal information are:
To generally facilitate communication with you
To process your requests for information
To recommend relevant information, products and services to you
To allow you to subscribe to an email list to receive information
To make available to you the programs, modules and services you have registered for
To provide you with access to certain special features or areas of the website
To monitor, review, measure and analyze website utilization and improve content and design
To record and process online exams and maintain your academic records
To monitor and improve our customer service efforts
Information Collection
George Brown College's gbctechtraining.com website does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or e-mail address. We only obtain this information if you supply it by sending us an email, by filling out an information package request form on the site, by registering for a program or by speaking directly with us about any of the above.
Information Use and Storage
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job, (for example, our billing clerk or a program tutorial consultant) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Servers that store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. We protect all personal information in our custody with strong physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards, including strict access controls. Our employees use password-protected computers and software. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. If at any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected.
Website Request for Information Forms, Comment Forms and Registration Forms
In order to request program information, a website visitor may first complete our Request for Information form. The user is required to provide their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to provide information to the user and to contact the user about the services for which they have expressed interest. Additional personal information is required by us to register students into our programs.
Information Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our business partners and some service providers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. In the event that a third party is used to assist George Brown College, and personal information is provided to that third party to achieve its task, George Brown College will take all efforts to ensure that the third party also protects the privacy of the individual. An example of a third party may be a shipping company we use to ship learning materials to a student or a credit card processing company we use to process a program registration. These companies do not share any personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. None of this information will be sold, or rented to any third party.
In certain circumstances, George Brown College may disclose personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be used in the investigation of an unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with the jurisdiction to compel production of information or to comply with court rules regarding a production of records and information or to our own legal counsel.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to track how our visitors and students use this site or to determine sites previously visited. The cookies we use do not allow us to identify individuals. They are compiled into statistical information on traffic patterns and are used to assess site efficiency. (A "cookie" is a file that may be placed on your hard drive by a website to allow it to monitor your use of the site.)
Log Files
George Brown College employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our web site, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
Access to, Requesting a Copy of, Correcting, Updating, or Deleting of Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or a user wishes to see and correct their personal data or if a user no longer desires our services or contact from us, we will correct, update or remove that user's personal data, as directed by them. An individual can accomplish this by emailing or calling our Student Support Center.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional materials may unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving any communications by requesting removal from our database at any time. Registered students may opt out of promotional communications but they are required to maintain administrative communications with us for the purposes of completing their program.
Questions or comments regarding this policy may be directed to our Program Manager by e-mail to info@gbctechtraining.com or by calling 1-888-553-5333.
^^