http://www.aisb.hu/en/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Cookie and privacy policy
Apply now Open house COVID-19
Start scrolling down
In order to provide you a customized service, a small data package (“cookie”) is placed on your computer.  The purpose of the cookie is to ensure the highest quality of our Website, to provide personalized services, to improve your user experience. By continuing to use our website, you consent to our Privacy policy. You can delete the cookie from your computer or set up your browser to disable cookies. By prohibiting the use of cookies, you acknowledge that, without a cookie, the operation of this site may not be complete.
When providing personalized services, we process your following Personal Data by using cookies: demographics and interest information, habits, preferences (based on your browsing history).
Processing of Personal Data of any Data Subjects visiting this Website
We process Personal data in order to ensure the technical operation of our Website and to provide better online services. We also use this information for marketing purposes.
Third Party data processors: Google Analytics, Olark, Vimeo, Veracross
Data processed:
IP address, email (if entered), browsing history by using cookies, personal data entered into chatbox and  forms.
Retention period:
Personal Data carried by the cookies may be retained unless the Data Subject as the user of the Website blocks their use in its browser settings and only as long as the processing of such Personal Data is necessary for the technical operation of the Website.
For families interested in the world-class Elementary Program at AISB, we invite you to join our Virtual Open House this Friday.
We hope to meet you in this interactive opportunity to learn more and ask questions from our experts about what it means to learn with us.
When: December 11, 15.00-16.00 pm CET.
To register, please click the link below. For more information please visit our website or write to us at info@aisb.hu. Register
Hope to see you there!