https://www.ruskin.ac.uk/legal/
Home / Legal
Legal
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright of all the information/materials on this website is held by Ruskin College. Information/materials may not be published in any other format without the express written permission of Ruskin College.
Permissions
Users must not republish any information/materials on another website, or in any other electronic or print medium, without the prior written permission of Ruskin College. If you would like to use a graphic or logo, you must request permission.
For further information on permitted use, or to request permission to republish information/materials, please contact marketing@ruskin.ac.uk.
Reciprocal links
Before creating a text link from your website to a website maintained by Ruskin College, please contact marketing@ruskin.ac.uk. We reserve the right to request the removal of any link.
If you think we would be interested in linking to your website, please contact us.
Privacy
Ruskin College takes your privacy very seriously.
We will only collect, process and store information about you that we have collected from you with your consent. Personal data is not captured or stored through Ruskin College website without your prior consent.
Any personal data that you supply to Ruskin College will be held and processed only for the purpose for which it is supplied, which you will be made aware of at the time the data is supplied. We ensure that all personal data is captured, held and processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation EU (GDPR), together with other UK data protection laws.
Your personal data will not be made available to any third party, unless you have consented to this at the time the data is supplied to Ruskin College or this is so permitted by law.
When you provide personal data, you will be asked whether you wish to receive any further communication from Ruskin College.
Ruskin College maintains continuous logs of web server activity. Logs include information about your IP address, your browser type and the pages you have visited. We use this information to analyse the way people use our website.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Disclaimer
Please note that the information published on this website concerning courses is intended for guidance purposes only and does not constitute a contract. Ruskin College makes every effort to ensure that the information on courses published on its website is up-to-date and accurate. However, the details and availability of courses may change and the choice of subjects may be limited by timetable, staffing and/or available places on a course.
Ruskin College endeavours to ensure that the information on this website is correct, but can accept no liability for errors or omissions, or for loss or damage arising from using the information or accessing the site.
Linked websites
To the best of our ability, we check the content of the webpages linked to and from this site, for suitability for the stated purpose of the link, accuracy of the content and suitability for the users of our website. However, Ruskin College is not responsible for the content of third party websites, their continued accuracy and suitability, their practices regarding privacy, or the availability of linked pages.
If you would like to report an inaccuracy or any other problem relating to the content of this website or a linked website, please contact us.
My key worker told me about Ruskin and said I should apply. I'm glad I did
91%
student satisfaction
Latest tweets
@RuskinOxford
24 Nov
Join the Ruskin team! There's still time to apply for our exciting new posts: Tutors in Psychology and Social Scien… https://t.co/ZVprIGkyTs
@RuskinOxford
19 Nov
Join the Ruskin team! We have exciting new positions for Tutors in Psychology and Social Sciences, an Internal Veri… https://t.co/eXocUBdoiH
@RuskinOxford
18 Nov
Only a few places remaining for our short online course Creating a CV in Word, starting soon. Make this lockdown co… https://t.co/apcfFTWmaw