http://www.rps.org/terms-and-conditions/
Your web browser is out of date. Update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on this site.
Find out more
We use cookies and similar technologies to optimise your experience when using this site, to help us understand site usage, and to tailor our advertising on third party sites. Read about Cookies and view our Privacy Policy at the bottom of each page on our website at any time.
I understand
A JavaScript execution error has occurred somewhere on this page. The page may not function as intended. Try refreshing before continuing.
(For shop terms and conditions, please click here)
Website access
It is not necessary to register with us in order to use parts of this website. However, particular areas of this website will only be accessible only if you have registered.
Use of website
This Website may be used for your own private purposes and in accordance with these terms of use. You may print and download material from this website provided that you do not modify or reproduce any content without our prior written consent.
Cookies
This website makes use of Cookies. Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the website to your interests. Learn more about cookies here.
Site uptime
All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that this Website is operational all day, every day. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
Where possible we always try to give advance warning of maintenance issues that may result in down time but we shall not be obliged to provide such notice.
Visitor provided information
Any material that a visitor to this website sends or posts to this website shall be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential except where you have restricted its availability within your profile.  The RPS will not copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purposes without your permission, other than as specified here.
When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this website any material:
for which you have not obtained all necessary consents
that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom
which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
We will co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach these conditions.
Images
Images must be your own work or you have permission to use them from, for example, your employer. You must not plagiarise other people's images or infringe copyright. You may wish to watermark or otherwise mark your images to limit misuse by third parties and upload low resolution images at 72dpi.
By uploading images you grant the RPS a non-exclusive licence to use images to promote its activities online, on social media or in printed materials.  You may restrict this by emailing dataprotection@rps.org. The RPS would normally contact you before using your images.
Links to and from other websites
Throughout this website, you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website.  If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk.
Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and
the website from which you link to this website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
By linking to this website in breach of these conditions you shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered to the RPS as a result of such linking.
Disclaimer
Whilst we do take all reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate at all times we do not guarantee that all material is accurate and/or up to date.
All material contained on this website is provided without any or warranty of any kind. You use the material on this website at your own discretion except where this is specifically prohibited.
Exclusion of liability
We do not accept liability for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of using this website.
Nothing in these terms of use shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence which cannot be excluded under the law of the United Kingdom.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms of use are governed by English law. Any dispute arising in connection with these terms of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
Our details
Our business name is: The Royal Photographic SocietyCharity number: 1107831VAT registration number: GB 753 3057 41
Our address is:RPS House337 PaintworksArnos ValeBristolBS4 3ARUnited Kingdom
Phone and email:+44 117 316 4450info@rps.org