http://www.findmyhomestay.com/privacy/
Skip to content
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at admin@www.findmyhomestay.com.
At Find My Homestay, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Find My Homestay and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Find My Homestay makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Find My Homestay does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Find My Homestay send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Find My Homestay has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Find My Homestay privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers respective websites.
Search for:
Categories
Default
General
Home Purchase
Home Purchasing
Recent Posts
How real estate companies can get cheap full coverage car insurance on their branded vehicles
Should l take auto insurance for a rented car for real estate agencies?
USING INTERIOR SLIDING DOORS FOR YOUR HOME DESIGN
THE BENEFITS OF PURCHASING A WOODEN GARAGE DOOR FOR YOUR NEW HOME
Critical Considerations When Purchasing New Homes and Aluminium Products
Why Aluminium is the Preferred Choice by New Home Purchasers
Homeowners Insurance: How is the Dwelling Coverage figured?
How to Buy Homeowners Insurance
The Procedures in Home Purchasing
Homes reviewed and analyzed by a local author
Preventative Maintenance Suggestions for Your New Home Purchase
Choosing The Right Building Contractor For Your New Home Remodeling Service
Suggestions for Choosing Sustainable Building Materials When Building A New Property
Tips For Buying Exterior Doors That Will Last Longer On Newly Purchased Homes
Advice on The Prices Of Residential Properties Before Purchase
The Process of Home Purchasing When Financing With a Loan
Tax Services for homes in Johannesburg
Insurance And Other Extras For Home Buyers
Home Purchase Loans Available For Consumers
The Various Types Of Home Mortgages Available When Purchasing A House
The Legal Documents Required When Purchasing A House
The Need For Insurance Cover When Purchasing A Home
The Financial Investment Required In Purchasing A Home
Home Purchase Assessment From
A Lady’s View
Home Purchasing Retirements Funds Strategies from best big 4 marketing firms
Finding A Place To Live With The Right Property Management