http://www.mac.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to page content
Skip to page footer
Home :: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy outlined below is in reference to all web-related media hosted by MacMurray College.
To which sites does this policy apply?
This privacy policy applies to all websites hosted on the mac.edu domain, including our online classroom (https://moodle.mac.edu/) and our student and staff portal (https://my.mac.edu/).
What information is collected?
MacMurray College collects information from users through several forms on our main website.
This information includes but is not limited to name, email address, mailing address, and phone numbers.
These forms are entirely optional and you may visit the site anonymously.
For what is this information used?
MacMurray College uses information submitted by users to
update our records (in the case of alumni);
provide users with more information concerning the College and our services;
process applications for interested students;
register users for College events such as Homecoming;
process transactions.
MacMurray College does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally-identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist the College in operating its website, conducting college-related business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. The College may also release your information when it is believed release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
How do we protect your information?
MacMurray's website, including its forms which require sensitive information, are protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you provide over the MacMurray College website.
Information entered on Moodle is protected by SSL, and sensitive information is password protected and only visible to administrators, users to whom it belongs, and those they designate as having permission.
Information on My Mac.edu is protected by SSL and passwords and is only visible to users to whom it belongs and those they designate as having permission as per FERPA regulations.
MacMurray College does not store credit card information on its servers.
Additionally, MacMurray College's website is scanned daily for malware and other vulnerabilities that could impact our site visitors.
Click the badge below to see our current site status.
Cookies
Cookies are not necessary to view the main College website but are required when filling out certain web forms located on www.mac.edu
Cookies are used to help compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that the College can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
No personally-identifiable information is collected via these cookies.
Cookies are necessary to log in to Moodle.
External Links
MacMurray College's website contains links to external websites (those not hosted on the mac.edu domain).
Such websites have separate and independent privacy policies.
MacMurray College therefore has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these sites.
Online Policy and Consent
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website(s) and not to information collected offline.
This policy is subject to change at any time.
Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page.
By using the MacMurray College website, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us using the information below.
Mailing Address:
MacMurray College
447 East College Avenue
Jacksonville, IL 62650
Phone Numbers:
217-479-7056
800-252-7485 (toll free)
Email:
Email the Office of Information Technology.
This policy was last modified on August 8, 2019.