https://www.dundeeheritagetrust.co.uk/legal-information/
Legal Information
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
The following information is provided for convenience as part of the service we offer at this website. However, Dundee Heritage Trust cannot accept any liability for its accuracy or content. Visitors who rely on this information do so at their own risk.
Links disclaimer
Dundee Heritage Trust is not responsible for the contents or reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. Listing shall not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over availability of the linked pages.
Terms & Conditions of Sale – Dundee Heritage Trust
The Seller
The website www.rrsdiscovery.com www.verdantworks.com and www.dundeeheritagetrust.co.uk and their associated domains are the property of Dundee Heritage Trust.
Tel +44 (0) 1382 309060
Fax +44 (0) 1382 225891
Dundee Heritage Trust, Registered Charity No. SC 011328
Dundee Industrial Heritage Ltd. Registered Office, Whitehall House, 33 Yeaman Shore, Dundee DD1 4BJ Registered in Scotland No. 93109 Registered Charity No. SC 002268
PRIVACY POLICY
Key details
This privacy policy describes how Dundee Industrial Heritage Ltd (DIH Ltd) and Dundee Heritage Trust (DHT) protects and makes use of the information you give the company.
Who we are
Formed in 1985, Dundee Heritage Trust is a registered charity dedicated to the guardianship, preservation and portrayal of Dundee’s Heritage in ways that educate, inspire and enlighten current and future generations.  Registered office, Whitehall House, 33 Yeaman Shore, Dundee, DD1 4BJ Registered Charity No. SC011328
Dundee Industrial Heritage Ltd is the operating company of DHT. Registered Office: Whitehall House, 33 Yeaman Shore, Dundee, DD1 4BJ Registered in Scotland SC093109 Registered Charity No. SC002268
If you are asked to provide information to Dundee Heritage Trust or Dundee Industrial Heritage Ltd, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is reviewed and updated from time to time.  The latest version published will take precedence at all times.
This privacy policy was updated on 17 April 2018.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions and services to be provided by DIH Ltd and DHT.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use our services and products and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What information we gather
We may collect the following information;
–          Name and job title
–          Contact information including email address
–          Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
–          Website usage data
–          Other information relevant to client enquiries
–          Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
How we use this information
Collecting this information helps us understand what you are looking from the company enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use information:
–          To provide you with our services
–          To improve the products and services we provide
–          To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
–          To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think may be relevant to you
–          To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you
–          To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons
–          To build an understanding of our visitors, members and supporters
–          To send you information about fundraising campaigns.
Controlling information about you
When you fill in a form or provide your details to our organisation, you will see one or more tick boxes allowing you to:
–          Opt-in to receive marketing communications from us by email, telephone, text message or post
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
–          Send an email to Info
–          Write to our Information Officer at: Discovery Point, Discovery Quay, Dundee DD1  4XA
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the General Data Protection Regulations 2018.
Subject Access Request
At any time you may request that we delete or correct your personal data information.  If you wish to correct any information on you held by DIH Ltd / DHT, simply contact Info
Security
We will always hold your information securely and have implemented physical and electronic safeguards and procedures to prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information.
Our procedures ensure we work with all personal data in line with the General Data Protections Regulation 2018.
Links from our website
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Our Privacy Policy only covers the Dundee Heritage Trust domain (rrsdiscovery.com  verdantworks.com  dundeeheritagetrust.co.uk).
Please note that if you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitting data to websites.  Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
COPYRIGHT POLICY
© Copyright [2004]
Material featured on this site is subject to copyright protection unless otherwise indicated.
The permission to reproduce Dundee Heritage Trust copyright protected material does not extend to any material on this site which is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained from the copyright holders concerned.