http://www.library.gatech.edu/eresource-policies
Skip to main content
Close
Face masks are REQUIRED in the Library at all times.
Covid-19 Information:
Campus-wide status updates & guidelines
Library-specific updates & policies
Breadcrumb
Home
About the Library
eResource Policies
eResource Policies
Report an eResource Issue
Policy for Use of Online Resources
Databases and electronic journals are provided for academic research by current authorized Georgia Tech faculty, students and staff only. The use of each online service is governed by copyright law and by the terms of the license between Georgia Tech and the publisher.
Permitted Uses
Searching the content of the online service, including searching, viewing and browsing tables of content, full-text of articles, bibliographic information and data
Downloading, saving and printing limited data or articles for personal, academic use only
NOTE: Downloading entire collections of data or entire issues of a journal or conference is a violation of copyright law and a violation of Georgia Tech's licenses with publishers.
Prohibited Uses
Any commercial use
Any systematic or substantial reproduction of the information provided in the database or electronic journal or creation of derivative works
Any alteration, modification, or repackaging of the information contents in the database or electronic journal, including creating a searchable archive
Any distribution of the information contents of the online service, or material downloaded from the online service, in any form.
Prohibited Actions
Adding, removing, or modifying identifying network header information (aka "spoofing")
Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information
Using any program/script/command or sending messages of any kind, designed to interfere with a user's session, by any means, (i.e., proxy hunters, spiders, robots)
Removing, modifying, or obscuring copyright notices or other notices and disclaimer.
Facilitating use or access by non-authorized users, including sharing your GT password or other login information with anyone
Enforcement
Unauthorized use of or access to these online services may violate the Georgia Tech Acceptable Use Policy and can result in individuals losing access to these online services and/or to the Georgia Tech network. Violation of the Georgia Tech Acceptable Use Policy can result in disciplinary action. Continued or repeated misuse of an online service can result in the loss of access for the entire Georgia Tech community.
Systematic Downloading of Data is Prohibited. For more info see:
Georgia Tech Acceptable Use Policy
Statement on Access to Electronic Resources
Databases and electronic journals are provided for academic research by current authorized Georgia Tech faculty, students and staff only. The use of each online service is governed by copyright law and by the terms of the license between Georgia Tech and the publisher.
Access for on-campus users is via campus IP addresses, which are registered with our eResources vendors. Below are some best practices if you are off-campus.
For access to electronic journals, we recommend accessing them through the Library's eJournals page. Our link resolver will ensure that you have the most current full text options and will pass you through the proxy server, which will allow the publishers' sites to recognize you as a legitimate Georgia Tech user.
This strategy works for databases as well: Visit the Library Databases page.