http://www.iiconservation.org/privacy
Jump to navigation
Privacy and Data Policy
Search form
Search
User menuLog in
Join us
This privacy policy applies to the International Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works (IIC).
The Institute is a learned society, a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (No. 481522) and a registered charity (No. 209677). IIC is registered for VAT (No. GB 241 0811 10).
IIC is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner for the United Kingdom.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. Whenever you provide personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy, current UK Data Protection legislation and Internet best practice.
You can use most of the features of our website without disclosing any personal information. A few optional features of our website, such as membership subscription forms, ask you to provide some personal information (e.g. name and address, email address). If you do not provide your personal information you will be unable to benefit from these features.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Information that we’ll process in connection with all of our products and services, if relevant includes:
•	Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, occupation and address when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We do not collect or store any information in relation to protected characteristics (e.g. gender, race, religion).
•	Records of your contact with you us such as via the phone and if you get in touch with us online using our online contact form and details such as your IP address or Mac address.
•	Products and Services you hold with us as well as have been interested in;
•	The usage of our products and services and details related to this such as receiving Studies in Conservation;
•	Communications and marketing to you, including history of these communications, whether you open or click on the links, and information, and analyzing data to help tailor offers to you that we think are of interest or relevance to you;
•	When you voluntarily complete customer/membership surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions, panel discussions or forums.
We use cookies to collect information about your use of our website. For more information about how we use cookies is provided in this policy.
We also use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect information about how visitors to our website use the site, further information is provided on page 8 of this policy.
USES OF PERSONAL DATA
We use your information to send you communications that we need to send. These are essential to fulfil our promises to you as a member, volunteer, donor or buyer of goods or services from IIC. Examples are:
•	Transaction messaging, such as membership renewals reminders and congress registrations purchase confirmations;
•	Membership-related mailings including digital mailings, such as Studies in Conservation (SiC), Special Editions of SiC, Fellowship Ballot and notice of our Annual General Meeting; and
•	Administering volunteer records.
We also use your information in order to pursue our legitimate interests as a professional membership organisation for Conservators, which include advancing knowledge, practice and standards for the conservation of historic and artistic works through, for example, publications and conferences.
We further use your information to comply with our legal obligations and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights as a professional membership organization for Conservators.
We also use your information to manage your account and to process any orders, this may include sending your details to a third party payment processor such as Worldpay.
We do not collect or retain any data or information about our members in relation to protected characteristics, such as race or religion.
If you have consented, we also use your personal data to send you marketing communications. We’ll always act upon your choice of how you want to receive marketing communications (for example, by email, post or phone or not at all).
Finally, we will analyse the information provided by you in order to determine which communications are most effective, and to help us reduce our administrative cost and increase the funds available to support the work of IIC. If we wish to use your personal information for an additional purpose, we will always ask you to agree at the point of collection.
IIC will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies) or to carry out an action in the public interest.
CONSENT FOR MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
We’d like to keep in touch with you about things that may matter to you.
This might be about advancing your career as a Fellow, volunteering with us, conferences and events, conservation work internationally and how you can support our fundraising campaigns.
The first time you are asked for consent to receive marketing communications via the website, you will see the following notice:
You can also specify whether you consent to receive this information by completing the tick box below.
If you are happy to receive information from us in the following ways, please tick all that apply:
[
] Email
[
] Telephone
[
] Post
By providing consent we will be able to use your details to inform you of the work we are doing and projects we are carrying out.
By providing personal data you consent to its processing as described in this Privacy Policy.
You will be indicating your consent to receiving marketing messages from us when you tick the box.
You will continue to receive information about products or services that are likely to be of interest to you, in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you provided your consent.
If at any point you would like to change your mind and opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, or would like to change the channel of communication for example email or post that we use to contact you, please contact us at:
The International Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works
3 Birdcage Walk
Westminster
London, SW1H 9JJ
UK
Telephone:
(0)20 7799 5500
Fax:
+44 (0)20 7799 4961
E-mail: iic@iiconservation.org
You will be able to manage your communication preferences by logging in to the Members section of our website if you have a registered account with us.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
We will not sell your data to any third party. However, we may share your data with trusted data processors who are service providers and suppliers in order to perform the services you require from us. Personal data collected and processed by us may be shared with the following groups where necessary:
•	IIC employees and volunteers
•	Third party site maintenance, cloud hosting and IT infrastructure providers who host the website and provide IT support in respect of the website;
Also, under strictly controlled conditions:
•	Contractors
•	Service Providers providing services to us
•	Advisors
•	Agents
Some of these third parties have operations that are based outside the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).
If we do transfer your information outside the EEA we will take appropriate steps to protect that information, which include:
•	transferring to third parties in jurisdictions that the EU Commission has determined offers adequate protection for your information (and information relating to Adequacy Decisions made by the European Commission are available
at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-o...
•	entering into an agreement with the third party, which includes clauses that the EU Commission has determined offers adequate protection for your information, a template copy of which is available (Standard Contractual Clauses) https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-o...
•	transferring to third parties that have agreed to comply with schemes approved by the European Commission to protect your information’ (EU-US Privacy Shield – and information about the Privacy Shield is available https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
Where other companies are used to capture data or undertake fulfilment services on our behalf, these activities are carried out under contract in compliance with the requirements of UK Data Protection Law.
USERS AGED UNDER 18
If you are aged under 18, please ensure you obtain your parent/guardian’s consent before sending any personal information to us.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR OWN INFORMATION
You can contact us anytime by email, letter or telephone to change or update your details. You can also do this by logging in to your account.
You have rights under data protection law in relation to our use of your information, including to:
•	request access to your information, which you can do by getting in contact with us;
•	update or amend your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
•	object to certain uses of your personal data (which includes direct marketing, and processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling) and processing for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics) on grounds relating to your particular situation.
•	request the deletion of your information, or restrict its use, in certain circumstances (for example you can request that we erase your information where the information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (unless certain exceptions apply);
•	to withdraw any consents you have provided in respect of our use of your information;
•	to the return of information you have provided to us, to use for your own purposes (often called your right to data portability) where the processing is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract; and the processing is carried out by automated means; and
•	to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk).
More information about these rights can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your information based on the following criteria:
•	For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relation with our and managing our operations
•	For as long as we provide goods and / or services to you; and
•	Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
COOKIES AND TRACKING
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Further information about cookies including how to manage and delete them can be found at www.allaboutcookies.org .
FINANCIAL SECURITY
Our online payment solutions are carried out using a 'payment gateway' (e.g. Worldpay or Sagepay) which is a direct connection to a payment service provided by a bank. This means that when you input card data into the payment page, you are communicating directly with the bank and the bank passes your payment to us, this means that your payment card information is handled by the bank and not processed or held by us.
Worldpay uses a SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol for encryption. Most web browsers (Microsoft Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome etc) support SSL. The link between your web browser and the server is secure if your web browser displays a small padlock or key symbol somewhere in the frame, or the address bar shows a web address beginning https:// (rather than http://).
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
IIC website often contains hyperlinks to other organisations’ websites. This information is supplied in good faith, in case it is of interest to users. IIC is not responsible for the content or functionality of any of these external websites – but please let us know if a link is not working, by going to the ‘contact us’ section of the site. Please note that information supplied to an external company is not covered by the IIC’s Data Protection Notice. It is good practice to read the privacy policy of any website at which you are considering registering any personal information.
In purchasing goods or services from any of the companies to which the IIC site links, you are forming a contract with the company(s) concerned (agreeing to their terms and conditions), not the IIC.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us [or our data protection officer] if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the information we hold about you:
IIC’s Data Protection Officer
The International Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works
3 Birdcage Walk
Westminster
London, SW1H 9JJ
UK
Telephone:
+44 (0)20 7799 5500
Fax:
+44 (0)20 7799 4961
E-mail: iic@iiconservation.org
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGE OF PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
IIC reserves the right to amend this Privacy and Data Policy at any time. Notice of any change will be published on our website and a communication posted on membership log-in area.
This privacy and data policy was reviewed in May 2019.
Useful links
Press
Governance
Archives
Core documents
News in Conservation sign up
Keep up to date with all the latest news and events
Name
Email
Subscribe
Follow us
randomness