http://www.cccneb.edu/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
-->
This site uses cookies to provide you with more responsive and personalized services and to collect certain information about your use of the site. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. If you continue without changing your settings, you agree to our use of cookies. Read our privacy policy for more information.
**
-
Coronavirus Updates and Information
Home
About CCC
Consumer Information
Privacy Policy
About CCC
Fast Facts
Strategic Plan and Mission, Vision and Values
A Message From the President
Accreditation - AQIP
Board of Governors
Board of Governors Meeting
Board of Governors Information
Consumer Information
Online Surplus PC Sale
Terms and Conditions
Infectious Disease and AIDS Protection
Contacting Accrediting Agencies
Voter Registration Information
Drug-Free Workplace Policy
Tobacco and Smoke Free
Suggestion Box
General Comments and Suggestions
Drug and Alcohol Testing
Contact Us
Employment
Environmental Sustainability
Environmental Sustainability Action Plan (ESAP)
Sustainability Leadership Presentation Series (SLPS)
Pollinators
Pollinator Festival
Students 4 Sustainability
Earn an eBadge at CCC
Recycle at CCC
Bike Share
Sustainability Dashboard
Our Student Interns
History
Institutional Effectiveness Measures
Academic Transfer Students
Economic Impact Study
Graduate Outcomes Report
Organization of CCC
Annual Report
Privacy Policy
Central Community College prohibits the unauthorized use on college properties of electronic or other audio and video recorders, including but not limited to camera phones, PDAs, digital cameras, etc., capable of recording sounds and images where students, guests and employees have an expectation of privacy or where proprietary, confidential and restricted information such as tests, student records, etc., are in use or are stored.
The college is committed to privacy regulations as described in the following statement: IP addresses are used to help diagnose problems with college servers, and to administer the college website.  Individual IP addresses are used to gather broad demographic information. Cookies are used to deliver content specific to individual interests.
The college’s site registration form requires users to provide contact information (name and email address), unique identifiers (social security number), financial information (account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (zip code, age or income level). Customer contact information is taken from the registration form to send the user information about the college or for future contact when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used for other purposes. Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected to verify the user's identity, for use as account numbers in the college record system. Demographic and profile data is also collected at the college’s site. This data is used to tailor the visitor's experience at the college site, showing them content they might be interested in and displaying the content according to their preferences.
The college site contains links to other sites. The college is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Security
The college site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under the control of the college.
Correct/Update
The college site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided: Call the following telephone number: 308-398-4222.
Contacting About the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices or your dealings with the college’s website, contact webmaster@cccneb.edu.
Visit CCC
Request Info
Apply Now