http://www.jewell.edu/privacy-policy
dottedcircle-emergency
dottedcircle-events
dottedcircle-quote
audience
home
alert
dottedcircle
dottedcirclelarge
minus
plus
hamburger
arrow
circleactive
circledinactive
close
dotted
logo
logocondensed
navhover
pillarsshort
pillarstall
quote
pause
check
email
play
search
camera
pinterest-p
linkedin
instagram
youtube
twitter
facebook
Jump to Header
Jump to Main Content
Jump to Footer
Coronavirus: On-ground classes underway with Operation Safe Campus; Current Threat Level B
Coronavirus: On-ground classes underway with Operation Safe Campus; Current Threat Level B
Learn more about Jewell's Operation Safe Campus, threat assessment matrix, biorisk expert partners and COVID testing
Operation Safe Campus Reports and Resources
816-781-7700
studentlife@william.jewell.edu
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
William Jewell College ("Jewell”, “the College”) operates the William Jewell College website and other sites officially associated with the College. These sites include, but are not limited to:
www.jewell.edu
www.jewellcardinals.com
alumni.jewell.edu
This privacy notice explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of visitor information. By using the sites, you agree to the collection and use of visitor information in accordance with this notice.
Some departments at the College may ask that you provide personally identifiable information and use such information in different ways. The collection and use of specific personally identifiable information by specific departments at the College is not governed by this notice.
Information Collection and Use
While using our sites, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you. The information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address or phone number. We collect this information for the purpose of identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries and improving our sites and services. The College does not share any personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations, except when legally authorized to do so.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our sites ("log data"). This log data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our sites that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our sites' functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our sites.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our sites and services, to provide the sites and services on our behalf, to perform site-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our sites are used.
Security
The security of your information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100 percent secure, and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including personally identifiable information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we may transfer the information, including personally identifiable information, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this privacy notice followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer for the purposes stated in this notice.
Links To Other Sites
Our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy notice of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
The College does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. The College encourages parents and guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage.  If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your child has provided the College with personally identifiable information, please email webmaster@william.jewell.edu. If we are informed that the College has collected personally identifiable information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Notice
The College may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future.  Any such changes will be posted to this webpage.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact webmaster@william.jewell.edu.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy