http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About Overview
By the Numbers
Diversity
History
Special Events
Visiting
AcademicsToggle submenu for AcademicsAcademics Overview
Undergraduate Admissions & Programs
Graduate Admissions & Programs
For Current Students
Courses
ResearchToggle submenu for ResearchResearch Overview
Areas
Centers & Labs
Colloquium
BEARS Symposium
PeopleToggle submenu for PeoplePeople Overview
Directory
Leadership
Faculty
Students
Staff
Alumni
ConnectToggle submenu for ConnectConnect Overview
Support EECS
K-12 Outreach
Recruit Students
Student Affairs
Faculty Positions
Contact
Secondary menuHome
For Students
For Faculty/Staff
Industry
News
Events
Give
Toggle Search
Search form
Search
Search
Home
www.eecs Privacy Statement
www.eecs Privacy Statement
This policy only applies to web pages that link to this message.PolicyThe University of California is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of  confidential  information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personally identifiable information is not actively shared. In particular, we do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our web servers.Information Collection and UseThis web server collects the following information: Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used; web pages requested; referring web page; browser used; date and time; and statistics identifying particular IP addresses from which our websites are accessed. We do not associate this data to individual user identities. We may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site access. This information is generally used to improve web presentation and utilization. We also may use IP address information for troubleshooting purposes.Google AnalyticsThe UC Berkeley EECS department uses Google Analytics to capture and analyze web statistics. We use this information to improve our content and your experience visiting our site.  Google Analytics relies on cookies to produce this information.  Google Analytics typically collects at least the following information: network location; hostname; web pages requested; referring web page; browser used; screen resolution; date and time.  Google Analytics does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and is prohibited from combining, matching or cross-referencing information from our site with any other information. We have also opt not to have Google Analytics store your full IP address (a feature known as “IP masking”). Please review the Google Analytics’ privacy policy (link is external) for additional information. It is also possible to opt-out of Google Analytics (link is external) for those who wish to do so.Links to Other SitesYou may encounter links to other websites of organizations not directly affiliated with the UC Berkeley EECS department. Please be aware that the EECS department does not control the content or information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations.QuestionsPlease send any questions about this policy or the site to webteam@eecs.berkeley.edu.