http://www.abora.org/terms-of-service/
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Disclaimer
The materials on Abora.org’s web site are provided “as is”. Abora.org makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Abora.org does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
3. Limitations
In no event shall Abora.org or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Abora.org’s Internet site, even if Abora.org or a Abora.org authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
4. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Abora.org’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Abora.org does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Abora.org may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Abora.org does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
5. Links
Abora.org has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Abora.org of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
6. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Abora.org may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
7. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Abora.org’s web site shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
8. Privacy Policy
You can view our privacy policy here.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Anti Aging with HRT
HRT Side Effects and Risks
Great Older Skin Care Tips
Choosing the Best Anti Wrinkle Cream for You
Recent Commentslisamariewark on Great Older Skin Care TipsCategories
Anti Aging
Skin Care
Health Disclaimer This website does not provide medical advice. Please always see a doctor or trained medical professional before making any decisions that may impact upon your health. See our medical disclaimer for further information.
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org