https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zero-lot-line-house.asp
Education
General
Dictionary
Economics
Corporate Finance
Roth IRA
Stocks
Mutual Funds
ETFs
401(k)
Investing/Trading
Investing Essentials
Fundamental Analysis
Portfolio Management
Trading Essentials
Technical Analysis
Risk Management
Markets
News
Company News
Markets News
Trading News
Political News
Trends
Popular Stocks
Apple (AAPL)
Tesla (TSLA)
Amazon (AMZN)
AMD (AMD)
Facebook (FB)
Netflix (NFLX)
Simulator
Simulator
Create an Account
Join a Game
My Simulator
My Game
Create a Game
Your Money
Personal Finance
Wealth Management
Budgeting/Saving
Banking
Credit Cards
Home Ownership
Retirement Planning
Taxes
Insurance
Reviews & Ratings
Best Online Brokers
Best Savings Accounts
Best Home Warranties
Best Credit Cards
Best Personal Loans
Best Student Loans
Best Life Insurance
Best Auto Insurance
Advisors
Your Practice
Practice Management
Continuing Education
Financial Advisor Careers
Investopedia 100
Wealth Management
Portfolio Construction
Financial Planning
Academy
Popular Courses
Investing for Beginners
Become a Day Trader
Trading for Beginners
Technical Analysis
Courses by Topic
All Courses
Trading Courses
Investing Courses
Financial Professional Courses
Submit
Home Ownership
Foreclosure
Purchasing A Home
Refinancing A Home
Reverse Mortgage
Home Equity
Mortgage
Selling Your Home
Renovations
Renting
Landlord
See All
Personal Finance
Home Ownership
What Is a Zero-Lot-Line House?
A zero-lot-line house is a piece of residential real estate in which the structure comes up to, or very near to, the edge of the property line. Rowhouses, garden homes, patio homes, and townhomes are all types of properties that may be zero-lot-line homes. They may be attached (as in a townhouse) or a detached single story or multistory residence.
key takeaways
A zero-lot-line house is a piece of residential real estate in which the structure comes up to, or very near to, the edge of the property line.Zero-lot-line houses can be attached or detached, and are especially popular in urban areas.Noise and proximity to neighbors can be disadvantages to zero-lot-line homes.Low maintenance and lower prices are advantages of zero-lot-line homes.
Understanding a Zero-Lot-Line House
Zero-lot-line houses are built very close to their boundary lines to create more usable space for the residence. Because there is virtually no space left over they are called "zero lot." With a zero-lot-line house, the buyer only has to pay for a lot largeenough to hold the house. Such a home confers savings to purchasers whocannot afford a larger lot or do not feel they need one enough tojustify the expense.
These homes are especially popular in urban renewal settings. In places with high population density, such as the urban core of a large metropolitan area, zero-lot-line houses impart buyers with options beyond the typical lofts and condos while maintaining the ability to provide housing for large numbers of people in a tightly circumscribed area.
Zero-Lot-Line House Advantages
Though they cost less than homes with lots of extra acreage, zero-lot-line homes are not just for low-income homebuyers; they are an attractive option for anyone who doesn't have the time or inclination to maintain landscaping. Not leaving room in the property plot for a yard allows for maximum square footage in the home. Zero-lot homes offer many of the advantages of actualhouses—without the time-consuming demands of upkeep and the expense oflarge backyards or front lawns.
These homes are also an appealing alternative to condos because they offer greater privacy and independence while still being low-maintenance. A common complaint in condominium settings is that a homeowner shares walls with as many as five neighbors, increasing the chances of noise disturbances from neighbors and eroding any sense of privacy. While certain zero-lot-line homes, such as townhouses and rowhouses, still include shared walls, there are fewer of them. Other zero-lot-line options, such as garden homes, offer homeowners the freedom of a standalone structure.
Because zero lot developments often incorporate shared spaces into their design—features such as shared back alleys and front porches right at the street—many of these home encourage a real sense of community among neighbors.
Zero-Lot-Line House Disadvantages
Window placement, noise, and a lack of privacy can be issues with these types of homes since there is little to no buffer zone surrounding them. Moreover, because zero-lot-line homes typically feature less setback from the road compared to homes on larger lots, noise from passing cars may be of constant concern, particularly if the home is situated on a busy thoroughfare.
Zero-lot-line houses can create challenges among neighbors, especially in areas where people are used to having larger buffer zones. In traditionally dense neighborhoods where residents are used to living in close quarters, smaller buffer zones are less of a challenge.
Finally, zero-lot-line homes might fetch less on the real estate market, especially in boom times. Lots of land around a home still connote luxury and value, and provide homeowners with flexibility to expand. To some, a zero-lot-line home could represent the worst of all worlds: all the noise and lack of privacy of an apartment, with the upkeep of a free-standing structure, but without compensatory acreage and space.
Related Terms
What Is a Zoning Ordinance?
Zoning ordinances are local laws that define how property in specific geographic zones can be used. They can be bypassed with a variance.
more
Commercial Real Estate Definition
Commercial real estate (CRE) is property, used solely for business purposes and often leased to tenants for that purpose.
more
Real Estate Definition
Real estate refers broadly to the property, land, buildings, and air rights that are above land, and the underground rights below it. Learn more about real estate.
more
So What Does Your Homeowner Association (HOA) Do For You?
A homeowner's association (HOA) is an organization that makes and enforces rules for a subdivision, planned community, or condominium building; its members are residents.
more
Federal Housing Administration (FHA) Loan
A Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loan is a mortgage insured by the FHA that is designed for lower-income borrowers.
more
Exploring the Most Common Conditional Offers in Real Estate
A conditional offer is an agreement between a buyer and a seller that an offer will be made if a certain condition is met.
more
Partner Links
Related Articles
Real Estate Investing
8 Mistakes Real Estate Investors Should Avoid
Real Estate Investing
Should You Buy a Condo, Town House, or House?
Home Ownership
What to Know Before Buying a Condo
Home Ownership
The Hidden Costs of Owning a Home
Renting
10 Reasons Why Renting Could Be Better Than Buying
Purchasing A Home
Living in New York City: Co-ops vs. Condos
About Us
Terms of Use
Dictionary
Editorial Policy
Advertise
News
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
California Privacy Notice
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Investopedia is part of the Dotdash publishing family.