http://www.ce.csueastbay.edu/about/privacy-policy.html
Continuing Education Home
Programs & Courses
Conference Center
CE Registration & Enrollment
Open University
About CE
Contact Us
Search Our Site
Spring registration is now open. In response to health and safety concerns, continuing education courses will continue with predominantly virtual instruction for Spring 2021. The latest information on COVID-19 is available here.
About CEPrivacy PolicyWhy Choose CSUEBJob & Career OutcomesFacultyAffordability & ValueOpen Universitylocations/about/locationsContinuing Educationsite://Continuing Education/about/locationsLocations & DirectionsHayward Hills CampusConcord CampusOakland Professional Development and Conference CenterOnlinePartnering with CSUEBGeneral PoliciesPrivacy Policy Contact Info Why Choose CSUEBJob & Career OutcomesFacultyAffordability & ValueOpen Universitylocations/about/locationsContinuing Educationsite://Continuing Education/about/locationsLocations & DirectionsHayward Hills CampusConcord CampusOakland Professional Development and Conference CenterOnlinePartnering with CSUEBGeneral PoliciesPrivacy Policy Contact Info About CEWhy Choose CSUEBJob & Career OutcomesFacultyAffordability & ValueOpen UniversityLocations & DirectionsHayward Hills CampusConcord CampusOakland Professional Development and Conference CenterOnlinePartnering with CSUEBGeneral PoliciesPrivacy Policy Contact InfoPrivacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. California State University, East Bay Continuing Education is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible.We do not share your personal data with any entity outside of Cal State East Bay. We do not and will never sell, rent, or share your name, mailing address, email address, or any other data that can personally identify you in any way to any outside group.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEYou can visit Cal State East Bay (CSUEB) Continuing Education to read information about our school, courses, and services without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. We also collect personal information from our users voluntarily at several different points on our Web site, including:Online Course RegistrationWhen you register for a course using our online registration system, we collect information from you such as your name, date of birth, postal and email address, phone number, and other information necessary to enroll you in the course(s). Although social security number also is requested, under California law you are not obligated to provide this to us. All information collected on our registration portal is secured during transmission using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. The information you provide will be stored in our registration system as part of your official student record. Unless you request otherwise, the email address you provide during registration may be used to notify you about your registration status and upcoming courses of interest.Email CommunicationsIf you wish to subscribe to our email communications, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. CSUEB Continuing Education uses the information provided to fulfill your request for information and, in some cases, personalize the email content for you. All emails that you have requested will have an option to unsubscribe and unsubscribe requests will be processed within minutes.Information RequestsOur site's information request forms require your name and email address as well as additional information to help us determine your needs. We use this information to contact you about your request. Unless you have elected otherwise, the email address you provide on an information request form will be added to our opt-in emailing list.SurveysFrom time-to-time, our site may request information from you via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether or not to disclose the information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address) and demographic information (such as zip code, occupation).Special OffersTo take advantage of promotional offers (e.g. free white paper) available on this site, you may be asked to complete a registration form requiring your name, email address, and other demographic information. Participation in these special offers is completely voluntary; however, you may not be able to take advantage of the offer without providing the required information. Unless you have elected otherwise, the email address you provide on a special offer registration form will  be added to our opt-in newsletter / emailing list.LinksWe use email links on this site to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments that you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly. We use the information collected to respond directly to your questions or comments.As a convenience to you, we sometimes provide links to other Web sites. These sites are not under the control of CSUEB Continuing Education; and the fact that we provide such links is not an indication that CSUEB Continuing Education endorses or is liable for those sites, their content, or their privacy practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by CSUEB Continuing Education.Visitor Behavior/Log FilesWe contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of Google Analytics to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The type of information we collect includes, but is not limited to: visitor IP addresses, promotions responded to, pages visited, and products purchased. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although Google  logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers, and marketing strategy, you can learn more about Google's Privacy and Terms, including how you can control the information sent to Google. .CookiesA "cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer. In addition to cookies used by our marketing services partner to track visitor behavior on our site (see Visitor Behavior section above), CSUEB Continuing Education also uses cookies to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database. Some examples of the data we store in our database include your items added to your shopping cart, user-specific information on pages accessed, and previous visits to our site. Your information is stored in a safe and secure database. We do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer.We recognize that you have a choice to refuse cookies. However, if you choose not to accept the cookie, making purchases is not possible on the CSUEB Continuing Education site.If you are having difficulty adding courses to your shopping cart or completing your order, please check your privacy settings in your browser. If you do not wish to change your privacy settings to "Medium" and you are currently using the "Medium High" or "High" settings, you may choose to override your current cookie handling practices for individual sites that you specify, including www.ce.csueastbay.edu.Web Beacons/Sensors/Clear GifsIn addition to Web beacons used by our marketing services partner to track visitor behavior on our site (see Visitor Behavior section above), CSUEB Continuing Education includes a coded sensor in all of its HTML-based email messages in order to determine your ability to receive HTML-based messages, as well as whether an HTML email message has been opened or previewed. If you cannot receive HTML, you will not receive a functioning sensor. Web beacons/sensors/clear gifs are not tied to users' personally identifiable information.SECURITYCSUEB Continuing Education has implemented generally accepted standards of technology security in order to protect information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Any sensitive or personal data, such as credit card or purchase information that you enter for online transactions is transmitted in an encrypted form and requires the use of a secure browser. Data you enter during a visit to our site is stored on systems using the same security standards and procedures that protect our essential business data. Access to your data is restricted to authorized employees for Cal State East Bay business purposes and based on our employees need to know.CHOICE / OPT-OUTWeb BehaviorWe use the services of Google Analytics to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site in order to learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although Google logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can learn more about Google's Privacy and Terms, including how you can control the information sent to Google. .Email CommunicationsOnly current students and site users who specifically sign up to receive communications from CSUEB Continuing Education will receive email from us. If you no longer wish to receive our email communications, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the link within the email you receive or by replying with unsubscribe in the subject line in the email. If you experience difficulty opting out in either of these ways, email us at ce@csueastbay.edu.POLICY CHANGESWe reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Cal State East Bay Continuing Education Web site following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes.CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at ce@csueastbay.edu.
Real-World Choices
Our broad array of programs, certificates, and courses reflect the real world, and will give you the skills to build your career path.
Explore Programs and Courses
Talk to Us
Ready to get started? Have questions about programs, costs, or outcomes? Not sure about the next step?
Get in Touch
Stay Informed
Browse our latest course schedule for the most up-to-date information.
View Course Schedule
Top