https://www.richland.edu/academics/online-learning/online-learning-help-desk/
Skip to content
CLICK HERE FOR THE PRESCREEN TOOL AND COVID-19 CAMPUS UPDATES.
Online Learning Help Desk
Home  /Academics   /  Online Learning   /  Online Learning Help Desk
The Online Learning Help Desk staff assist students with a variety of technical queries such as login questions, e-mail account sign-in, navigation in an online course, myRichland access and navigation, and technical questions regarding personal computer systems requirements and troubleshooting. Staff members provide technical support through email, drop-in assistance, appointments, and telephone.
Home Computer Requirements
Before beginning your online course(s), your computer needs to be up-to-date with the appropriate hardware and software requirements. Your home computer needs to have the following:
Operating System: Windows 7or higher or MAC OSX or higher
Network connection: Broadband, DSL, or Wireless high-speed connection
Browser Plug-ins:
Adobe Acrobat Reader
JavaScript enabled
Anti-virus Software: Keep virus definitions updated and scan your computer on a regular basis.
Note: It is strongly recommended that only one anti-virus program be used on your computer; if more than one is used, they will conflict with each other and cause problems.
Spyware Removal Software: Keep spyware/malware/adware definitions updated and scan your computer on a regular basis.
Application Software: Richland Community College uses Microsoft Office, which include Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Access.
If you do not have Microsoft Office: Office 2007 and 2010 documents are not compatible with older versions of Office (2000, XP, or 2003). However, there is a free “Compatibility Pack” available from Microsoft, that once installed on your home computer, will allow you to open Office 2007 & 2010 documents.
If you do not have Microsoft Office: Microsoft Office is FREE for currently registered students through the Microsoft Student Advantage Program. Students should go to https://jics.richland.edu/MicrosoftStudentAdvantage/ and register for the program.
Note: Microsoft Office is free for students as long as they are currently registered at Richland. Once they are no longer a Richland student, they will not have access to the free program.
Technical Support Request
The best way for students to get “general” technical help from the Online Learning Help Desk is to email the Online Learning Help Desk at ochelp@richland.edu. Help Desk email is monitored throughout the workday, as well as evenings, weekends, and holidays. A Help Desk staff member will contact you within 12 hours of your submission, with a quicker response time during normal business hours of 7:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Monday through Friday. Summer hours are Monday through Thursday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Canvas “Help” Link
The quickest way to get assistance with Canvas issues is to click on the “Help” Link on the left when logged into Canvas, and then choose “Report a Problem.” The information submitted is immediately forwarded to the Help Desk, which is monitored throughout the workday, as well as evenings and weekends. A Help Desk staff member will contact you within 12 hours of your submission evenings and weekends, with a quicker response time during the normal business hours of 7:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., Monday – Friday. Summer hours are Monday through Thursday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Walk-In Assistance
If you are on campus and require technical assistance, Online Learning Help Desk staff is available during normal business hours of 7:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. The Help Desk is located in W143. Summer hours are Monday through Thursday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Make an Appointment
If normal business hours do not fit into your schedule or you need additional help beyond walk-in assistance, contact the Online Learning Help Desk at ochelp@richland.edu or (217) 875-7211, ext. 6376, to set up an appointment with a member of the Help Desk staff.
Call the Help Desk
The Help Desk may be reached at (217) 875-7211, ext. 6376, Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.  If no one is available to take your call, please leave a message and your call will be returned no later than the next business day. Summer hours are Monday through Thursday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Academics
Programs & Degrees
Agriculture
Accounting
Administrative Assistant
African American Studies
American Sign Language
Anthropology
Arts
Automotive Technology
Biology
Business
CDL – Truck Driver Training
Chemistry
Automotive Collision Repair Technology
Communication
Computer Science and Information Technology
Criminal Justice
Culinary Arts
Information Technology
Diesel Truck Technology
Drafting & Design Engineering
Early Childhood Education
Earth Science
Economics
Emergency Medical Services
Engineering
Engineering Technology
English
Foreign Language
General Science
Health Information Technology
Healthcare Documentation
Heating, Ventilation, Air Conditioning & Refrigeration
Highway Construction Careers Training Program
History
Horticulture
Hospitality Management
Mathematics
Media
Medical Assisting
Music
Nurse Assistant Training Health 141
Associate Degree Nursing (ADN)
Philosophy
Phlebotomy
Physical Education
Physics
Political Science
Practical Nursing
Preparatory Concentrations
Psychology
Radiography
Sociology
Surgical Technology
Teacher Education
Theatre
Welding
Baccalaureate and Transfer Programs
College Divisions
Course Catalog
Course Schedule
Online Learning
Online Learning Help Desk
Canvas Online Student Orientation
Canvas Learning Management System
Online Learning FAQ
Online Learning Student Resources
Getting Started in Canvas
Online Student Complaint Procedure
Academic Calendar
Library
Health Professions Programs
Workforce Development
American Heart Association Training Center
Richland Safety Courses
Professional Development & Business Training
Food Protection and Handlers Courses
Richland Dance
Online Continuing Education Programs
Online Pharmacy Technician Course
Online Paralegal Course
Online Freight Broker/Agent Training
Online Clinical Dental Assistant Training
Highway Construction Careers Training Program
Summer Camps
Industrial Job Skills Training Program
Occupational Safety Training Programs (OSHA)
Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006
Traffic Safety