http://www.panola.edu/about/privacy.html
About Panola College
Navigate this Section
Calendar
Campus Map
Compact with Texans
History of Panola College
Institutional Research
President's Welcome
Public Relations
Required Internet Postings
SACS 5th Year Report
Social Media Pages
Texas House Bill 2504
The Pony Express
Vice President's Welcome
Vision, Values, and Mission
Travel to Panola
Campus Extensions
Panola College Website
Vice Presidents Council
Panola College Cares - Complaints & Concerns
Panola College Virtual Tour
Home
About Panola College
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is valid for all pages under the www.panola.edu web site. The
Texas Public Information Act of the Texas Government Code (Ch 552) applies to information
collected by Panola College. The identity of members of the public who communicate
with state agencies through the Internet is confidential under Texas law. Panola College
does not sell or share confidential user information with any outside party, unless
required to do so by law. Information collected falls under three main categories:
email, web forms, and web server logs.
Email is used to electronically communicate with the public. Panola College does not
sell or release the email addresses of members of the public without the express written
consent of that person. Personally identifiable information contained in a question
or comment sent to Panola College in an email message is only used by Panola College
to respond to the request and to analyze trends.
Web forms are the electronic equivalent of paper-based forms and are used, for example,
to apply for admission, to respond to a survey, fill in demographic information, etc.
Panola College does not sell or release web form information to any outside party
unless required to do so by law. The College uses the information collected in the
web form for its intended purpose only.
Web server logs keep track of various access information like user hostname/IP address,
system date, status, user browser, user OS, user request, and user referrer page.
Panola College uses web server logs to create summary statistics and graphs about
web site usage. Panola College does not sell or release this information to any outside
parties unless required to do so by law and does not report or use this information
in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information.
STUDENTS & PARENTS
2020-2021 Calendar & Info
Admissions
Apply online now
Browse Class Schedule
Campus Map
Identity Theft Prevention
Schedule a Tour
ALUMNI & FRIENDS
Alumni Association Scholarship Fund
Alumni Association Board
Alumni News
Stay in Touch
Give to Panola College
FACULTY & STAFF
Faculty and Staff Resources
College Directory
Panola College Catalog
Course Syllabi
OPPORTUNITIES
Calendar of Events
Join a club or organization
Dining Opportunities
Explore Scholarships
Online Ticket Sales
2A Region UIL
RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Linked In YouTube Give
Top