http://www.stran.ac.uk/legal/
Skip to page content
Disclaimer
While every effort has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the original material provided on the Stranmillis University College website, Stranmillis University College does not represent or warrant that the information available on this website is accurate, complete or current.
Stranmillis University College provides the website, its contents and facilities on an “as is” basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this website or the information, content, or services made available through the website.
Stranmillis University College, its officers and employees, do not accept liability for any loss, damage or injury of any kind, howsoever arising, resulting from a defect or an inaccuracy in the information or code contained within the University College website.
This material is regularly reviewed and is subject to alteration without notice.
Stranmillis University College is not responsible for the content of external websites that the University College website may link to or reference from time to time. Providing references to and/or links to external websites should not be viewed as an endorsement by the University College of the content and services provided by those websites.  Nor is the University College responsible for the opinions, content and services contained on external websites that link to or reference the Stranmillis University College website.
Accessibility Statement
Stranmillis University College is committed to making the information and resources provided via its website accessible to all users. We aim to be standards compliant and follow general principles of usability in order to help all visitors to this website.
All new content in the Stranmillis University College Website has been designed to meet Level AA (2) of the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C-AA) Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. However, it is possible that some older pages do not currently conform to these standards. We are working with information providers across the University College to ensure that all future web pages compliant with accessibility guidelines.
We intend to continue improving the accessibility of our site, so if you have any difficulty accessing the site and require further help, or if you have any suggestions to help improve our accessibility, please contact us.
Cookies Statement
A cookie is a small file that is downloaded to your computer when you visit certain websites. Cookies typically store the name of the domain or website you are visiting, the duration or lifetime of the cookie, and a content value – typically a randomly generated unique number.
Stranmillis University College does not use cookies to store personal information about people visiting our website and typically a cookie cannot by itself identify you.
Generally websites use 2 types of cookie – session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are eliminated when you close all your browser windows. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive either indefinitely or for a specified period.
You can choose to manually disable cookies on your computer, or delete existing cookies by adjusting your browser settings.
If you normally use more than one browser be sure to adjust each browser’s settings individually.
Please note if you do not choose to accept cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of our websites.
Find out more information about cookies.
Online Environments
A number of our online services require users to engage and provide information in order to gain access to content, for example our Library and Research Systems. These systems need to store information about these interactions so they can provide the service and in some instances they use cookies to do this. Additionally where users are required to login to gain additional functionality or to gain access to user customised facilities, cookies are essential to our websites functioning correctly for access control and security.
Please Note – If you disable cookies in these instances, core functionality and services may not be available to you or the quality of the service will be severely degraded.
University Portals, (e.g. Queen’s Online and Qsis), our Web Content Management System, the Virtual Learning Environment, Library Systems and our Outlook Web Access Email Service require users to login to use the system. These systems use cookies for access control, system security, personal data security, effective monitoring and internal business reporting.
The storage of cookies by our Online Environments is provided for under regulation 6 of the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations Section (4) Paragraph (1) in that the directive:
… shall not apply to the technical storage of, or access to, information
(a) for the sole purpose of carrying out or facilitating the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network; or
(b) where such storage or access is strictly necessary for the provision of an information society service requested by the subscriber or user.
The cookies used by our Online Environments are not used for any purposes other than access control, system security, personal data security, effective monitoring and internal business reporting. The cookies stored are session cookies and are removed once you have closed down all your browser windows.
Web Analytics
Stranmillis University College uses Google Analytics to collect information on website use. This system is used to monitor the traffic to the site, to collect information about how users are using the site and to produce reports for business and marketing purposes. The information gathered is not used to identify or target individual users.
Google Analytics creates 4 cookies on a user’s machine. The cookies collect information about how the site is used, the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come from and the pages they visit while on our site. The information collected, may be transmitted to, and stored by, Google where we will use it for analysis and reporting purposes. For more information please see Google’s statement on Cookies and Analytics and Google Privacy Centre.
The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on can be installed in your browser to tell the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) that information about your website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. Find out about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
External Websites
From time to time we may link from our website to external websites that set cookies on your machine, please note such websites are out
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok