http://www.uvu.edu/legal/index.html
COVID-19 Modified Operations
Due to the COVID-19 quarantine procedures, UVU will be operating under modified conditions.For the latest from UVU on the coronavirus and frequently asked questions, go to the UVU Safety coronavirus website.
To check UVU's Current Condition visit uvu.info.
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms") carefully before accessing or participating
in any chatroom, newsgroup, bulletin board, mailing list, website, transaction or
any other on-line activity or forum available at www.uvu.edu, www.uvualumni.org or other Utah Valley University sites ("Site" or "Sites"). By accessing, using, or
participating in the Sites, you signify that you have read these terms and agree to
be bound by and comply with them, which together with the Utah Valley University Privacy
Statement (“Privacy Statement”) govern Utah Valley University's relationship with
you in relation to the Sites. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please
promptly exit all Sites. Utah Valley University reserves the right to modify these
Terms at any time and will publish notice of any such modifications on-line at this
Site or elsewhere on-line. By continuing to access a Site after notice of such modifications
has been published, you signify your agreement to be bound by them.
Disclaimer
The information contained on the Sites is for general information purposes only. Utah
Valley University makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied,
about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect
to the Sites or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained
on the Sites for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore
strictly at your own risk.
Sites may include unmoderated forums containing the personal opinions and other expressions
of the persons who post entries on a wide range of topics. Neither the content of
the Sites, nor the links to other websites, are screened, approved, reviewed or endorsed
by Utah Valley University, the Utah Valley University Alumni Association, or any Utah
Valley University-affiliated entity ("Utah Valley University"). Utah Valley University
is not a publisher of any of the content of the Sites, or of any content that may
be available through links to and from them, and is acting solely as an internet service
provider. 47 U.S.C. § 230(c)(1).
The text and other material on the Sites are the opinion of the specific author and
are not statements of advice, opinion, or information of Utah Valley University. If
you feel you might be offended by the content of the Sites, you should not continue.
In no event will Utah Valley University be liable for any loss or damage including
without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage
whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with,
the use of these Sites.
Every effort is made to keep the Sites up and running smoothly. However, Utah Valley
University takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Sites being
temporarily unavailable due to technical issues.
Privacy
Personally identifying information is subject to the Privacy Statement, the terms
of which are incorporated herein. Please review the Privacy Statement to understand
Utah Valley University’s practices.
Rules for Online Conduct
You agree to use the Sites in accordance with all applicable laws. Because Utah Valley
University is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization, you agree that you will not use
the Site for organized partisan political activities. You further agree that you will
not e-mail or post any of the following content anywhere on the Sites, or on any other
Utah Valley University computing resources:
Content that defames or threatens others
Harassing statements or content that violates federal or state law
Content that discusses illegal activities with the intent to commit them
Content that infringes another's intellectual property, including, but not limited
to, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets
Material that contains obscene (i.e. pornographic) language or images
Advertising or any form of commercial solicitation
Content that is otherwise unlawful
Copyrighted material, including without limitation software, graphics, text, photographs,
sound, video, and musical recordings, may not be placed on the Sites without the express
permission of the owner of the copyright in the material, or other legal entitlement
to use the material.
Utah Valley University students using the Sites are expected to abide by the Student
Rights and Responsibilities Code which has set the standard of conduct for students
at Utah Valley University and which provides:
“The University expects all students to maintain integrity and high standards of individual
honesty in academic work, to obey the law, and to show respect for others.”
Utah Valley University employees using the Sites are expected to abide by the University Valley University Code of Conduct.
Although Utah Valley University does not routinely screen or monitor content posted
by users to the Sites, Utah Valley University reserves the right to remove content,
of which it becomes aware, that violates the above rules, but Utah Valley University
is under no obligation to do so.
Finally, you agree that you will not access or attempt to access any other user's
account, or misrepresent or attempt to misrepresent your identity while using the
Sites.
Permission to Use Materials
In consideration for your agreement to the Terms, Utah Valley University grants you
a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Sites. You
may download material from the Sites only for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially
exploit, or otherwise transfer any material. It is your responsibility that use of
any information, software, or any other content on the Sites is permissible.
Limitation of Use
You may use the Sites for legal purposes only. Furthermore, you agree that, if a third
party claims that any material you have contributed to a Site is unlawful, you will
bear the burden of establishing that the material complies with all applicable laws.
Although Utah Valley University does not monitor the content of the Sites, Utah Valley
University has the right to remove material from the Sites, block access, or take
other action with respect to the material in its sole discretion, although Utah Valley
University is under no obligation to do so. You may not use Utah Valley University
computing resources or Sites to disseminate unsolicited advertising or promotional
material of any kind.
Links to Other Sites
Utah Valley University's Site may include hyperlinks to websites maintained or controlled
by others. Utah Valley University is not responsible for and does not routinely screen,
approve, review or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services
that may be offered at these websites.
Choice of Law/Forum Selection
These Terms and any litigation or claim that arises due to such use shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Utah. Any action you bring related to the Sites shall
be brought in either the state or federal courts located in Utah, and you hereby consent
and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating
any such action.
Trademarks
The logo, name, and all graphics on the Sites of Utah Valley University, Utah Valley
University Alumni Association ("UVUAA"), the Utah Valley University Athletic Department,
or any of their affiliates, are trademarks of Utah Valley University or its affiliates.
Use, reproduction, copying, or redistribution of trademarks, without the written permission
of Utah Valley University or its affiliates is prohibited.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Utah Valley University harmless from any claims, losses,
or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these Terms, your
use of a Site, or your placement of any content onto a Site, and to fully cooperate
in Utah Valley University's defense against any such claims.
Your Account
If you use or access a Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your account and password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer,
and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account
or password. If you are under 18, you may purchase products or services only through
a parent or guardian. You agree that billing and registration information you provide
on the Sites will be accurate and complete. Utah Valley University and its affiliates
reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or
cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Other
The Sites may contain errors and omissions relating to product description, pricing,
and availability. Utah Valley University reserves the right to correct errors or omissions
without prior notice. Utah Valley University also reserves the right to cancel any
offered product or service in the event of an error or omission in the description,
including price, unavailability, or other reason.
General
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Utah Valley University
and its affiliates with respect to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and
all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements.
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Copyright Complaints
Non-Discrimination
Accessibility
Enter search terms
Disclaimers and Legal Statements
UVU
Legal
Terms of UsePrivacy StatementCopyright ComplaintsNon-Discrimination