http://www.sunyjefferson.edu/academics/programs/catalog/it-internet-privacy-policy.php
Skip to main content
Skip to Main Menu
Home
Academics
Programs of Study
College Catalog
Internet Privacy Policy
Toggle Section Navigation
College Catalog
Parent PagePrograms of Study
Non-credit Career Programs
Bachelors and Master's Degrees
Honors Program
Applications & Forms
Internet Privacy Policy
PURPOSE:
The New York State Internet Security and Privacy Act requires all state agencies which
provide a public website to have an Internet Privacy Policy.
STATEMENT OF POLICY:
All members of the College community have a responsibility to respect the privacy
and rights of others.
Jefferson Community College does not collect any personal information about users
unless the user provides the information voluntarily by sending email, completing
an online information request form, completing the online application or completing
online registration.
Information collected automatically when you visit sunyjefferson.edu
While visiting sunyjefferson.edu, JCC automatically collects and anonymously stores
the following information about the visit:
The Internet protocol address of the computer that accessed the JCC website
The type of Internet browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser
is running.
The webpage from which the user accessed the current web page
The date and time of the user’s request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent on those pages
The size of the content, in bytes, of any file or document sent to the user’s computer
The country where the computer resides
Search engines that brought users to the official JCC website and the text search
strings that allowed users to find a page on the official JCC website
Downloads the user requested (PDF, DOC, MOV, etc) from the official JCC website
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information
by the Internet Privacy and Security Act.  The information that is collected automatically
is used to improve Jefferson’s web content and to help understand how users are interacting
with the website.  This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine
what information is of most and least interest to our users.
Cookies
A cookie is a unique text file stored on a user’s computer by an Internet browser.
These text files are used as a means of distinguishing among users of a website.
A cookie will not include personal information, unless the user has volunteered that
information
Cookies are not currently stored from sunyjefferson.edu web pages
Cookies are stored from certain areas of other JCC web applications, such as Blackboard
and Banner (SOAR) as well as linked third party applications such as the application
for requesting transcripts.
Cookies stored from JCC web applications are not used by the College to gather personal
information but to assist with the appropriate functioning of the application.
Information collected when you email sunyjefferson.edu or complete a transaction
During a visit to sunyjefferson.edu, a user may send an email to a JCC office through
an email link or an information request form.  The user’s email address and the contents
of the message will be collected.  The information collected is not limited to text
characters and may include audio, video and graphic information formats included in
the message.  The user’s email address and the information included in the message
will be used to:
Respond to the user
Address issues identified by the user
Improve the website
Notify the user about updates, services, special events or activities offered by JCC
Ask the user to participate in surveys
Forward to appropriate JCC offices for action
If a user chooses not to receive email or other means of communication from JCC, and
would prefer not to in the future, the user may request to not receive communications
by contacting the JCC webmaster, webmaster@sunyjefferson.edu.
During a visit to sunyjefferson.edu, a user may also complete a transaction such as
an online application, online registration from other JCC web applications.  The information
collected by JCC, including personal information volunteered by the user in completing
the transaction, is used by JCC and may be disclosed by JCC for those purposes that
may be reasonable ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which
the information was submitted.
JCC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of
13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13.  Users are cautioned, however,
that the collection of personal information submitted in an email will be treated
as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal
or State law, be subject to public access.
Retention of information collected through sunyjefferson.edu
In general, the Internet services logs of JCC, comprising electronic files or automated
logs created to monitor access and use of College services provided through sunyjefferson.edu
are archived kept indefinitely.  Information concerning these records retention and
disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact
listed in this policy
Access to and correction of personal information collected through sunyjefferson.edu
Any user may submit a request to JCC’s webmaster to determine whether personal information
pertaining to that user has been collected through sunyjefferson.edu.  Any such request
shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of
the user.  Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion
of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification.
The address of the webmaster is:WebmasterJefferson Community College1220 Coffeen StreetWatertown, New York 13601
The webmaster shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request,
provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the
reasons therefore; or, acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating
the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall
not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgement.
In the event that JCC has collected personal information pertaining to a user through
sunyjefferson.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the
user’s request, the webmaster shall inform the user of his or her right to request
that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth
in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and integrity of personal information collected through sunyjefferson.edu
Jefferson Community College is committed to protecting personal information collected
through College web applications against unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The College limits employee access to personal information collected through the College
web applications to only those employees who need access to the information in the
performance of their official duties.
Employees who have access to personal information follow appropriate procedures in
connection with any disclosures of personal information.
Visitors can travel through most of the College’s official website without offering
any information about themselves.
The College has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information
technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, and
monitoring.  These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation
and day-to-day operations of Jefferson’s web applications as part of the continuing
commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission
of information
For web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of sunyjefferson.edu
for all users, Jefferson employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage the website.
Disclosure of information collected through sunyjefferson.edu
The collection of information through sunyjefferson.edu and the disclosure of that
information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act.
JCC will only collect personal information through sunyjefferson.edu or disclose personal
information collected through sunyjefferson.edu if the user has consented to the collection
or disclosure of that personal information.
JCC may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection
or disclosure is
Necessary to perform the statutory duties of JCC or necessary for JCC to operate a
program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statutes or regulation
Made pursuant to a court order or by law
For the purpose of validating the identity of the user
Of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot
be used to identify a particular person
The disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through sunyjefferson.edu
is subject to the provision of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy
Protection Law
JCC may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities
to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access
to JCC’s information technology assets.
External websites
Users should be aware that links to web sites not controlled by Jefferson are not
subject to this notice.  Users should check the privacy policy of these individual
sites to see what data is collected and how these sites will be used
If the URL does not contain sunyjefferson.edu, then you are visiting a site that is
not subject to this policy.  One exception is Microsoft Live which is used for student
and retiree email.
Links within sunyjefferson.edu
JCC provides links to third parties as a convenience in locating relative information
and services for our users.  JCC does not take any responsibility for the content,
the accuracy of the information and/or quality of products or services provided by
or advertised on these third-party web sites.
DisclaimerThe information provided in this policy should not be construed as giving business,
legal or other advice or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided
through sunyjefferson.edu.
The Board of Trustees hereby authorizes the President, or his/her designee, to develop
and establish appropriate standards and procedures to implement and enforce this policy.
Contact information
For questions regarding this policy, please contact the webmaster (webmaster@sunyjefferson.edu) or by regular mail:WebmasterJefferson Community College1220 Coffeen StreetWatertown, New York 13601
Definitions:
Personal information:  for purposes of this policy, “personal information” means any
information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark
or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person
User:  shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the state
technology law.
Internet Privacy
Resolution 128-12
AdmissionsProgramsInformation
©