https://www.veritasprep.com/privacy-policy
Call NowGMAT PrepGMAT PrepAll GMAT Prep OptionsGMAT Live CoursesGMAT TutoringGMAT On-Demand CourseGMAT Admissions BundlesGMAT Practice ResourcesFree GMAT ClassFree MBA Admissions ConsultationGRE PrepGRE PrepAll GRE Prep OptionsGRE Live CoursesGRE TutoringGRE On-Demand CourseGRE Practice ResourcesFree MBA Admissions ConsultationMBA AdmissionsMBA AdmissionsMBA Admissions Consulting ServicesFree MBA Admissions ConsultationMBA Admissions Comprehensive Consulting PackagesMBA Admissions Hourly Consulting PackagesMBA Admissions Consulting BundlesMeet the MBA Admissions Consulting TeamMBA Admissions GuidesMBA Admissions Consulting ResourcesSAT PrepSAT PrepSAT Prep OptionsSAT Live CoursesSAT TutoringSAT On-Demand CourseSAT Practice ResourcesFree College Admissions ConsultationACT PrepACT PrepAll ACT Prep OptionsACT Live CoursesACT TutoringACT On-Demand CourseACT Practice ResourcesFree College Admissions ConsultationCollege AdmissionsCollege AdmissionsCollege Admissions Counseling ServicesFree College Admissions ConsultationMeet the College Admissions Consulting Team7-8th Grade Admissions Consulting9-10th Grade Admissions Consulting11-12th Grade Admissions ConsultingCollege Transfer Admissions ConsultingHave Your College Application ReviewedParent’s Guide to College AdmissionsLog InCall now to speak to an academic advisor: (800) 925-7737 Privacy PolicyEffective: July 1, 2020This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs the manner in which Veritas Prep LLC (“Veritas Prep”), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Missouri, collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of its www.veritasprep.com website, applications, and technology platform and any derivative or affiliated Sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is owned and operated by Veritas Prep. Veritas Prep offers courses, classes, self-study materials, and tutoring for college and graduate school admissions tests by a wide range of Instructors (“Instructor(s)”) featured on the Site (the “Test Prep Service”). The Site also features an extensive gallery of Admissions Consultants (“Admissions Consultant(s)”) for students who are seeking to connect with the right undergraduate and graduate Admissions Consultant based upon the particular needs of each student and provides a means for the independent Admissions Consultants to advertise and provide their consulting services to potential customers through the Site (the “Admissions Consultant Matching Service” and together with the Test Prep Service, the “Service”). Please note that this Privacy Policy covers Veritas Prep’s practices regarding information collected from its Site.The Information Veritas Prep Collects and ReceivesLike most website owners or operators, Veritas Prep collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our Site.Certain visitors to Veritas Prep’s Site choose to interact with us in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction.Contact Information. Veritas Prep stores submitted contact data (such as a customer’s name, mailing and e-mail addresses, and phone number). If you communicate with Veritas Prep by e-mail, make telephone or cell phone calls, communicate through electronic devices or other interactive devices, complete online forms, surveys or contest entries, or communicate with Veritas Prep by any means, the information provided in such communication may be collected by Veritas Prep.Transactional Data. Those who engage in transactions with us online are asked to provide additional information, such as the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. We use a token system to communicate with our third-party vendors.Unique Identifiers. Veritas Prep also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such information to identify our visitors, however, and do not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information, as described below. A User browsing the Site without registering an account or affirmatively providing personally identifiable information to Veritas Prep does so anonymously.Preference and Demographic Information. Veritas Prep may collect information regarding your preferences, such as target graduate and undergraduate schools and goal test scores. We may also collect contact data demographic data (such as a customer’s zip code, age, gender, and interests).Automatically Collected Information. Veritas Prep may also collect information about how customers use our Site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Site, or the domains from which customers originate. When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier.Analytics. We use certain third-party services to assist us in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting regarding Veritas Prep services. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, we use Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed in this Policy. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.How Veritas Prep Uses InformationVeritas Prep may use personally identifiable information collected through the Site for the following reasons:for the specific purposes for which the information was collected;to fulfill a contractual obligation;to contact Users regarding the Services;to communicate to Users regarding products and services offered through Veritas Prep, its parent, subsidiaries, and trusted affiliates;to maintain and improve its products, services, and sites;to provide support;to enhance Users’ experience with Veritas Prep;(to inform Users of offerings that may be of interest;to process payments;for business planning, marketing, advertising and sales purposes;for information security purposes;to defend its legal rights;to efficiently maintain its business; andto comply with applicable law.Information SharingIt is Veritas Prep’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from a variety of sources, including: through the Site; email, phone, or any other communications we have with you; and information we collect about you from third party sources. We treat the confidential information you share with us, such as academic performance and any financial information, with the utmost respect. Veritas Prep will not disclose student records with third parties under any circumstance, except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as required by applicable law. Veritas Prep uses and discloses your personal information only as follows:(A) It’s Your Data. Veritas Prep will never sell your information to anyone for marketing purposes. Veritas Prep will also never share your information with non-affiliated companies, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, in Veritas Prep’s Terms of Use, Terms and Conditions, in the Independent Contractor Agreement, or in any other agreement between you and Veritas Prep, or as required by applicable law.(B) We may share a student’s information with the Instructor(s) or Admissions Consultant(s). We may share a customer’s/student’s information with an Instructor or Admissions Consultant who may or will be providing instruction or consulting, respectively, to the student so that they may evaluate the engagement and personalize or tailor to the student’s needs, where applicable. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Veritas Prep.(C) We share information with our service providers and third-party vendors. For example, we contract with third party vendors for services such as email, hosting, cloud storage, maintenance, backup and analysis, communications software, marketing, business strategy, banking, payment processing, professional services, background checks, etc. We also share non-personal information (such as aggregate user statistics, de-identified information, demographic information, etc.) with third parties such as advertisers, content providers, and analytics providers.(D) Analytics and improvements. To analyze usage and improve the Service based on user actions, market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, and detecting and protecting against error.(E) Terms of Use enforcement. In order to enforce Veritas Prep’s Terms of Use.(F) Partner sites. In the event that you access the Service as brought to you by one of our co-brand partners, through a co-branded URL, your email address used for registration on the Service may be provided to that co-brand partner, along with purchase details including confirmation code and booking amount.(G) Affiliate Sharing. We may share your information with Veritas Prep LLC affiliates or related entities (including but not limited to Varsity Tutors LLC and EduNation, Ltd. (t/a First Tutors)). This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of Varsity Tutors LLC, First Tutors, or any other affiliate or related entity, each of which has its own policies and practices.(H) Legal Requirement. We may also disclose your personal information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to establish, protect, or exercise Veritas Prep’s legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law. Veritas Prep may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a User or any other person. Veritas Prep may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with Veritas Prep or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity.(I) Business Arrangements. If Veritas Prep LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.User Access and Choice(A) Update Information. If the personal information on file for you changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct or update it by making the change on our account settings page or by emailing Customer Support at customersupport@veritasprep.com.(B) Request Data Deletion or other Request. To request deletion of your information or for another request regarding your information, please complete the form request here. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe, or otherwise in accordance with applicable law. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For state-specific information or related rights, please see the state-specific sections below.(C) Email communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can update your preferences by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of future emails; however, please note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. You may also submit a request to us here.(D) Newsletter and/or marketing information. If you subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your personal information to send you an individualized newsletter. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can complete the form referenced above.(E) Telephone/Text communications: If you receive an unwanted call or message from us, you can update or phone preferences by accessing your phone preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us via the information set forth below. Regarding text messages, you may opt out of SMS by replying “STOP” to the message received.(F) Do Not Track and other similar signals: Some internet browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” or other similar feature; however, given that there is not a uniform way for browsers to communicate this signal, the Site does not currently support these signals.(G) Cookies and Internet-based Advertising: You may stop, restrict, or remove the placement of cookies on your device by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners. These may be accessed at sites such as www.aboutads.info/choices.Cookies/Tracking TechnologiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Veritas Prep cookies are necessary to provide you with appropriate content and continued Site visits from day to day. Without the use of cookies, many Veritas Prep services are likely unable to function properly.We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory.If you reject cookies, many areas of the Veritas Prep site may not work as intended, as our test preparation study platforms adapt to your completed activities as you progress during your studies. Veritas Prep uses cookies to remember which activities you have completed and which practice problems you have seen, allowing the site to adapt to your learning progress.Cookie usage:(A) In Product Usage. To gather aggregate data on item difficulty, lesson effectiveness, score improvement, and other student performance trends, and to adapt to the progress you have made within the learning applications.(B) Third Party Cookies. The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, or service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.LSOsThird Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.Behavioral TargetingWe partner with third-party advertising programs to advertise on other sites. These programs use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. You can manage your preferences for these advertising programs through the following links: Facebook, Google. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.Data RetentionWe store the information collected as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you are a User of the Site and/or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the information was collected, to provide services through the Site, to resolve disputes, to pursue legitimate business purposes, to enforce our agreements, to establish legal defenses, to prevent fraud, and to comply with applicable laws.Security of InformationVeritas Prep discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process transactions on our behalf or to provide services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.Information about each User that is maintained on Veritas Prep’s systems is protected using industry standard security measures. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at customersupport@veritasprep.com. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and Veritas Prep cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. Veritas Prep is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures relating to the Site by any User or third parties.Links to 3rd Party SitesPlease note that the Site may contain links to other Sites. These linked sites may not be operated or controlled by Veritas Prep. Veritas Prep is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other Sites, and you access these Sites entirely at your own risk. Veritas Prep recommends that you review the privacy practices of any other Sites that you choose to visit.Veritas Prep is based, and this Site is hosted, in the United States of America. If User is from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and User is visiting, accessing, or otherwise using the Site, please note that any personally identifiable information that User provides to Veritas Prep will be transferred to the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided will be processed and stored in the United States by Veritas Prep or a service provider acting on its behalf. By providing personally identifiable information to Veritas Prep, User hereby specifically and expressly consents to such transfer and processing and the uses and disclosures set forth herein.Children’s PrivacyVeritas Prep products are specifically designed to function without third party access to a child’s personal information. Our Site does not collect or retain any personal information from children except as needed to facilitate the Services for that student, who may be a minor. Veritas Prep is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). This Site assures the privacy of collected information in accordance with the Veritas Prep' Privacy Policy.Veritas Prep is committed to safeguarding the information each User entrusts to Veritas Prep and believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from each User. Other than free information and materials that do not require any registrations or identifying information, the Site is not directed at children under 13 years of age, and Veritas Prep does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age online. For purposes of using the Site as a platform to connect with Instructors and Admissions Consultants, Parents may supply information such as name or age of their children in order for Veritas Prep to assist facilitate the connection between student and Instructor or Admissions Consultant. Veritas Prep may store this information in a secure digital format. Parents or guardians of children under 13 years of age may review or have deleted any personal information previously provided by the child, parent, or guardian that is ultimately collected by Veritas Prep, if any, to connect the child with an Instructor or Admissions Consultant. If you seek to review or delete such information, contact Veritas Prep at the below phone number or email address indicating what you would like to have done and Veritas Prep will contact you for purposes of taking the requested action, including but not limited to refusing to permit the information’s further collection or use.Changes to this PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, then we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after any such change(s) signifies your acceptance of any changes.Contacting Veritas PrepIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact Veritas Prep via the following methods:Veritas Prep LLC101 South Hanley,Suite 300Saint Louis, MO 63105customersupport@veritasprep.comInformation request form: Complete the form here.Your Nevada Privacy RightsNevada Revised Statute Section 603A permits a User that resides in Nevada the right to submit a verified request that Veritas Prep not sell such User’s covered information. Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to a person for the person to license or sell the information to additional persons. Veritas Prep does not currently sell any covered information as defined under Nevada Revised Statute Section 603A. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you may still submit a verified request by completing the request form  here to opt out of sales and we will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes. We will verify your request using information associated with your account, including email address, and may need to request additional information.Your California Privacy RightsSubject to certain limitations, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California consumers the right to: request disclosure about what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell; request to delete their personal information, opt out of any “sale” of personal information; and not be discriminated against for exercising such rights.California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by completing the request form here.We will verify your request using information provided in the request, as compared against information associated with your account, including verification of the email address that was listed in the request form. We may need to request additional information in order to verify your identity. Depending upon the type of request you make, we may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury stating that you are the individual whose personal information is being requested. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may require that the authorized agent provide proof of your written permission, and that you verify your identity directly with us.We are committed to ensuring this Privacy Policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described above.We have explained our privacy practices in full in the foregoing sections of this Privacy Policy. Below we have provided a list of the categories of personal information as set forth in the CCPA that have been collected, disclosed for business purposes, or “sold” for commercial purposes (as defined by the CCPA) during the preceding 12 months, as well as certain other information. Please see the other sections of the Privacy Policy above for additional information and context related to the sharing of information. We do not consider the ways we share your personal information to comprise the sale of your information. Within the past 12 months, we may have disclosed the following categories of information about consumers for a business purpose:Category of InformationExplanationIdentifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email addressWe use this information to respond to your questions, to communicate with you, for marketing purposes, to enable you to participate in our offerings, and for other business purposes.Commercial information, such as purchase historyRecords of purchases or other historiesInternet and electronic network activityWe may use this information to improve our services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Site and what content is of interest to them.Geographic location informationWe may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our services and for other business purposes.Other electronic information, such as information you post in a public spaceWe may use this information to provide the services, and for other business services.Inferences drawn from the aboveWe use this information to personalize your experience with us, to understand preferences, characteristics, trends, abilities, and aptitudes, and for other business purposes.Show MoreAS SEEN INSAT PrepSAT Prep HomeSubject TutoringSAT TutoringSelf-Study Online SAT CourseSAT Prep OptionsReal Student ReviewsFree Study ResourcesSAT vs. ACT QuizACT PrepACT Prep HomeACT TutoringSelf-Study Online ACT CourseACT Prep OptionsFree Study ResourcesGMAT PrepGMAT Prep CourseGMAT TutoringOn Demand Online CourseGMAT + Admissions BundlesFree GMAT Practice TestGMAT Study ResourcesFree Trial ClassGRE PrepOn Demand Online PrepGRE TutoringGRE Prep CoursesFree GRE ResourcesMBA AdmissionsMBA Admissions HomeSchool PackagesHourly Admissions ConsultingGMAT + Admissions BundlesEssential GuideMeet Our ConsultantsFree Profile EvaluationCollege AdmissionsCollege Admissions HomeFor 7th & 8th GradersFor 9th & 10th GradersFor 11th & 12th GradersAbout UsAll Product OfferingsIn the MediaMeet the TeamBlogFAQTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCONTACT USCall us(800) 925-7737Email usinfo@veritasprep.comGMATGMAT Prep CourseGMAT TutoringOn Demand Online CourseOnline GMAT PrepFree GMAT Practice TestGMAT Study ResourcesFree Trial ClassGREOn Demand Online PrepGRE TutoringGRE Prep CoursesFree GRE ResourcesMBAMBA Admissions HomeSchool PackagesHourly Admissions ConsultingGMAT + Admissions BundlesEssential GuideMeet Our ConsultantsFree Profile EvaluationSAT & ACTSAT & ACT Prep HomeSubject TutoringSAT & ACT TutoringSelf-Study Online SAT CourseSAT & ACT Prep OptionsReal Student ReviewsFree Study ResourcesSAT vs. ACT QuizCOLLEGECollege Admissions HomeFor 7th & 8th GradersFor 9th & 10th GradersFor 11th & 12th GradersVeritas Prep is not associated with any of the administrators of any of the standardized tests or with any universities. All contents copyright © 2001-2020 Veritas Prep LLC. All rights reserved. Veritas Prep is not associated with any of the administrators of any of the standardized tests or with any universities. All contents copyright © 2001-2020 Veritas Prep LLC. All rights reserved.Suggested pagesGMAT Prep HomeSchool PackagesEssential GuidesMeet the Team