http://www.emeraldinsight.com/insight/site-policies
;
Privacy notice
Our explanation of how we use and share your personal information and your rights in relation to this.
How we process your information
Emerald Publishing Limited (Emerald) is committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy
notice explains how we use and share your personal information and your rights in relation to this. Personal
information means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
In this notice, references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ means Emerald and our group companies from time to time. More
information about our group companies can be found on the Emerald Group website.
References to ‘you’ means anyone using our websites, products or services whose personal data, contact details
or other information is provided to us.
We also operate cookies on our website and information about that is also provided separately in our
cookies policy.
What data we collect
We will only use your personal information as the law allows us to. The categories of personal information that
we use include identity and contact data such as names, titles and other identifiers together with address,
email address and telephone numbers. We may also use any other unique means of identification or bespoke data
shared with us (including but not limited to organisation, role, affiliations, department, education and skills,
sector or industry, financial and pay details, geographic location, social media accounts, preferences or
purchase history) and your online behaviours and interactions with our websites and products.
We may also obtain information about you from third parties, such as your employer, our group companies, service
providers and agents.
Your obligations
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us
informed if your personal information changes during your relationship with us.
If you provide us with personal information about any other person, for example any other individuals within
your organization, then you must ensure that you have their consent to pass those details to us and for us to
use those details in accordance with this privacy notice. You should also make sure that you bring this
privacy notice to their attention.
Systems used to gather data
We gather information directly from you and also via our websites and other technical systems.
These may include, for example, our:
Computer networks and connections
Communications systems
Authentication methods, including single sign on and username/password credentials
Tracking technologies (such as Mixpanel, Google, click through links, cookies and web beacons)
Email and instant messaging systems
Intranet and internet facilities
Telephones, voicemail, mobile phone records
Other hardware and software owned, used or provided by or on behalf of us and our group companies.
Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you
visit our website. Cookies are useful because they allow our website to recognise your device.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like improving navigation between pages, remembering your preferences,
and generally improving your online experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online
are more relevant to you and your interests. Cookies may be stored by the browser for a single session or
for a longer period of time.
To find out more about the cookies we use read our
cookie policy.
Reasons for processing
We may process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes (or those of our group companies), such as:
Delivery of services
To enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services for the benefit of our customers including reporting on usage trends
To enhance the security of our network and information systems
To better understand how people interact with our websites or products
Improving the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
To comply with legal or regulatory obligations and good practice
To contact existing customers or individuals that have shown an interest in our products or services for marketing activities
To contact individuals for certain marketing activities
To administer this website, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance and support, so that we can provide and improve the products and services we offer and ensure our website operates properly, and for network security
If you express an interest in working for us, to assess and, where appropriate, deal with your application
To ensure our third-party providers can perform their obligations to us
To gather your feedback on our products and services
We always carefully consider your interests and your personal information rights before doing this. If you have
any concerns about us processing your personal information for these reasons, you have the right to object. If
you wish to do so, please
contact us.
In other circumstances, such as for certain marketing activities, we will only process personal information
where you have provided your consent for us to do so. You can withdraw this consent at any time. If you wish to
do so, please
contact us.
How we hold and share information
Emerald will only keep data for as long as is reasonable, based on the nature of the data and the reason for
processing. If you would like more detail about our retention policies that are applicable to your personal
data, please contact us.
We may disclose and exchange information with our group companies, service providers, representatives and
agents, as well as with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies for the above reasons.
Information may be held at our offices and those of our group companies, service providers, representatives
and agents as described above. Information may be transferred to other countries around the world, including
those without data protection laws equivalent to those in the UK, where required for our processing activities.
We have security measures in place to seek to ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect the
data we hold.
Authors and reviewers
If you are an author, when you submit your article or book manuscript to Emerald, your name, email address,
affiliation and other contact details will be used for dissemination and promotion of your published article
or book and for delivery of services to you. This involves sharing data with third party partners involved in
the production and publication process. By way of example, this includes editors and reviewers. We may use
third party providers to verify personal and other information you have provided to us in connection with any
manuscript you submit to us for publication.
It is usual for your name and contact details to be included in the published content. Your published article
or book will be made available on our website, www.emerald.com/insight,
and, to help promote and protect your work and ensure maximum discoverability, will be distributed to a number
of third parties including abstracting and indexing service providers, originality check providers, content
repositories, content aggregators and library discovery tools. We may also share your contact details with
third party providers of author services to allow you to make use of their services.
As an author, you must ensure that all co-authors and significant contributors agree to publication of the
article or book and to being named as a co-author or contributor to the article or book. If you are a co-author
or significant contributor, we will also process your personal information as explained above.
If you are a reviewer, your name will appear in the published journal that you reviewed. We may also include
your name and email address where we promote that journal (for example on our websites) and share your contact
details with other reviewers so that they can contact you in relation to that journal.
If you would prefer your information to be managed differently, please
contact us.
Research and development
If you volunteer to participate in market research projects being undertaken by us or our group companies this
will involve us processing your personal data.
Typically, this will be personal data such as your name, email address, age, job role and details regarding
your education. Any personal data you share for the purpose of your participation will only be accessible to
members of the team who are involved in market research activities. We may also use third parties to support
our market research activities, such as hosting online surveys or for technical support. Any personal data
shared with third parties is limited to the extent necessary to fulfil these contracted services. We do not
allow third parties to use your personal data for their own purposes.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under the age of 16. If you are a
parent or guardian of a child under the age of 16 and think that we may have information relating to that
child, please contact us. We will ask you to prove your relationship to the child, but if you do so you may
(subject to applicable law) request access to and deletion of that child’s personal information.
Your choices
Please contact us if:
You would like to correct or request information that we hold relating to you
To object to our processing of your personal information
To update your consents
When making your choices, please bear in mind that they may affect your use and enjoyment of our products
and services. If you have any concerns about the way that we process your personal information please
contact us.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Updates
Changes may be necessary to this notice to reflect legal or data processing developments.
Any significantly different use of your data will be communicated to you. As explained above, you can amend
your consents or raise an objection to our processing of data at any time.
Third party links
This website may include links to third party websites, such as our Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn social
media pages. Clicking on those links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not
control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy notices. You should read any
policies and other statements on such websites carefully.
Important additional privacy information for California residents
This section supplements the information contained in our privacy notice above and explains how we use
information about you as a California resident, as required under California privacy laws including the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Notice at collection and categories of personal information that we collect and disclose
The categories of personal information that we collect and disclose about you for our business purposes are set
out below. We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in section “Systems
used to gather data”, and for the purposes described in the section, “Reasons for processing”, set out above.
Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information about you as a California resident will vary
depending on the circumstances and the nature of our interactions or relationship with you as a California
resident.
Identity and Contact Data: names, titles, and other identifiers together with address, email address and telephone numbers.
Customer Records Data: paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, address, telephone number, usernames and passwords, education, current employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information.
Purchase History and Tendencies: commercial information including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
Usage Data: internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to browsing history, clickstream data, search history, information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including access logs and other activity information related to your use of Emerald’s website applications or other online services.
Geolocation Data: precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device.
Professional or employment-related information: employment history, qualifications, licensing, disciplinary record.
Education Information: information about education history or background that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Profiles and Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under California data protection laws in relation to your personal
information. You have the following rights:
Right to make Verifiable Requests to Delete and Requests to Know: subject to certain exceptions, you have the
right to make the following requests, at no charge:
Request to Delete: you have the right to request deletion of your personal information that we have
collected and to have such personal information deleted, except where an exemption applies.
Request to Know: you have the right to request and, subject to certain exemptions, receive a copy of the
specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you in the prior 12 months and to
have this delivered either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically
feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit this information to another entity without
hindrance. You also have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have
handled your personal information in the prior 12 months, including
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information;
business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling your personal information;
categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared your personal information;
categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose;
categories of personal information collected; and
categories of third parties to whom your personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party.
You may make Requests to Know up to twice every 12 months.
Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information: you have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal
information. We do not sell your personal information. For purposes of the CCPA, however, we may decide to
share information in the future with third parties, including our group companies, in a way that is
considered a “sale”. Where that is the case, we will comply with the California “Do Not Sell” requirements.
Right to Notice at Collection: you have the right to receive notice, at or before the point of collection of
personal information, of the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such
information is used.
Right to Non-Discrimination: the CCPA prohibits discrimination against you as a California resident for
exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny or provide you a
different level or quality of goods or services, or charges (or suggest that we will charge) different
prices, rates or penalties on you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA, unless doing so is reasonably
related to the value provided to the business by your data.
Submitting Requests
Requests to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information, Requests to Know, and Requests to Delete may be submitted
by emailing us using the contact details below.
Financial Incentive
We do not offer any incentives at this time.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your data privacy
rights, please contact our customer support team.
Address: Emerald Publishing Limited
Howard House
Wagon Lane
Bingley
BD16 1WA
Telephone: +44 (0) 1274 777700
support@emerald.com
Updated June 2020
Company information
About Emerald Publishing
Emerald Publishing was founded in 1967 to champion new ideas that would advance the research and practice of business and management. Today, we continue to nurture fresh thinking in applied fields where we feel we can make a real difference, now also including health and social care, education and engineering.
Emerald manages a portfolio of nearly 300 journals, more than 2,500 books and over 1,500 teaching cases. Emerald Publishing is part of Emerald Group.
Improving the Emerald customer offering
Improving the experience for all customers globally is a priority for Emerald. As a result we have provided a new web platform, improved rankings and plan for increases in yearly article growth and these are just the start of a journey we have undertaken to enhance the customer experience with Emerald.
Supporting education and research
Emerald is a member of the Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative (GRLI), and actively supports research and education worldwide with a number of awards and research grants. View a list of awards.
Partnerships and collaborations
Emerald works in close collaboration with a number of academic and corporate organizations and associations worldwide, including: the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), the Academy of Management, the International Federation of Library Associations (IFLA), the American Library Association (ALA), the European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD), CEEMAN (Central and East European Management Development Association), amongst others.
Emerald Publishing Limited, registered in England with company number 03080506 and registered office Howard House, Wagon Lane, Bingley, West Yorkshire, BD16 1WA
Text and data mining policy
Emerald text and data mining policy
Emerald believes that a right to read is a right to mine, and supports researchers’ rights to be able to
text and data mine content that they have legal access to.
Authorised users at subscribing institutions have our permission to mine journal content they have
legal access to for non-commercial purposes, subject to the terms of our subscription agreements.
The outputs of any TDM activities should bear the appropriate attribution of the original Emerald
content where possible.
To allow Emerald to manage server capacity, we would ask that you notify us before conducting any
TDM activities on www.emerald.com/insight. This will allow
us to enable you to complete your activity without technical obstacles and to maintain access for all Emerald users.
If you have any questions about this policy, or wish to notify us of your planned TDM activity, please
contact us at permissions@emeraldinsight.com
Digital preservation policy
As a publisher in scholarly research, higher education and professional development, we recognise the roles of both librarian and publisher as custodian of scholarly content, and are committed to the preservation of the scholarship in its research for generations to come.
With this in mind, our journal and e-book content is continually archived and preserved in the following schemes:
Portico
LOCKSS (Lots Of Copies Keep Stuff Safe)
CLOCKSS
These schemes allow libraries to activate perpetual access rights when needed and offer assurance to libraries and publishers that their shared investments are protected and preserved for the future.
Supplier code of conduct
Emerald Group Holdings Limited (Emerald Group) is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society. Emerald Group procures goods and services from suppliers across the world.
We are committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all of our business relationships. This includes ensuring that there is no slavery, servitude, forced or compulsory human labour, abuse of power over vulnerable individuals, human trafficking or any other form of exploitation in any part of our business or in our supply chain.
We expect our suppliers to have a willingness to share our values. This code of conduct has been created to set out the values and principles that underpin all of our work. It is applicable to all of our suppliers and sets out the standards that we expect them to comply with.
As a minimum, we expect our suppliers to meet the following requirements:
Compliance with applicable laws, statutes, regulations and codes including but not limited to the Bribery Act 2010 and the Criminal Finances Act 2017.
Not engage in any activity, practice or conduct which would constitute an offence under Section 1, 2 or 6 of the Bribery Act 2010, if such activity, practice or conduct has been carried out in the UK, and you must certify to us on request, compliance with this obligation and provide supporting evidence. You shall also ensure that all your personnel comply with the obligations set out in this code of conduct.
Not engage in any activity, practice or conduct which would constitute either a UK or foreign tax evasion facilitation offence under sections 46(5) and 46(6) of the Criminal Finances Act 2017.
Not under any circumstances be knowingly concerned in, or take steps with a view to, the fraudulent evasion of tax (whether UK tax or tax in a foreign country) by another person or aid, abet, counsel or procure the commission of that offence by another person.
Not under any circumstances offer, give, authorise or accept any bribe, including gifts, loans or other rewards to gain improper advantage. If offered such arrangement, you must disclose it.
Paying fair wages in line with the norms for the industry and market and not requiring anyone to work excessive hours, particularly where this might impact personal health and safety.
Treating those who work for or on behalf of the business with dignity and respect, promoting a safe environment free from discrimination, harassment and victimisation.
Opposing illegal or inhumane labour practices, including the use of forced or child labour, modern slavery or human trafficking.
Maintaining an ethical concerns policy (procedures that staff may adopt in the event they suspect an instance of unethical behaviour, including slavery and human trafficking).
Monitoring supply chains for compliance with the above requirements.
By contracting with us as a supplier, you agree to adhere to this code of conduct. As part of our commitment to act ethically and with integrity, we may from time to time ask our suppliers to demonstrate that they work in the ways required by this code of conduct. We reserve the right to require that you adhere to our policies including anti-bribery and corruption policies which we may implement. If, as a supplier, you have any concerns about compliance with this code of conduct you must make these known to us without delay.
Support & Feedback
Manage cookies
We’re listening — tell us what you think
Something didn’t work…
Report bugs here
All feedback is valuable
Please share your general feedback
Member of Emerald Engage?
You can join in the discussion by joining the community or logging in here.You can also find out more about Emerald Engage.
Join us on our journey
Platform update page
Visit emeraldpublishing.com/platformupdate to discover the latest news and updates
Questions & More Information
Answers to the most commonly asked questions here