http://www.sus.edu/page/su-privacy-statement
Privacy Statements
Commitment to Privacy at SU
Section Menu
Privacy Statements
Commitment to Privacy at SU
SU Privacy Statement
COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Southern University and A & M College System is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of any collected confidential or highly sensitive personal information. This policy has been adopted to address the collection, use, and dissemination of personal information by SU. This policy is subject to change over time, as the technologies utilized to provide services via the Internet continue to develop and evolve. Despite changes in technology, any alterations to this policy will not affect the Southern University’s commitment to privacy.
GENERAL STATEMENT
This policy applies to all information digitally collected by or submitted to SU. SU receives information via two primary methods:
Information collected automatically via websites
Information voluntarily provided by the user in order to receive information and/or services (via web forms and email).
INFORMATION COLLECTION
3.1 AUTOMATIC COLLECTION
If a user has not taken specific steps to anonymize their personal web traffic (e.g. apply mechanisms such as the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that disable the collection of data for analytical purposes), official SU websites may collect certain information automatically. This information includes, but is not limited to:
User’s Internet protocol (IP) address
Internet service provider
Operating system
The time and date of the visit
Browser
The site from which the user visited
Cookie information (if applicable)
Any information collected automatically is not associated with any other information held by SU (i.e. not linked with information voluntarily provided to SU) unless SU is required to do so by law.
3.2 VOLUNTARY SUBMISSION
In order to provide information and/or services, SU may request users to provide personal data, some of which may be personally identifiable information. Information such as name, date of birth, email address, etc. can be collected via voluntary submission of an email or web form to an SU entity.
INFORMATION USE
Website information that is gathered automatically is utilized to improve the understanding of how SU-provided websites are being leveraged by the user community. For example, some SU websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies” (i.e. files used to track website activity) to determine how users navigate SU sites. Google uses this cookie data for various purposes, including the evaluation of website use, reports on website activity, and other services. Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics’ terms of use and Google’s privacy practices.
Any information submitted to SU voluntarily in order to receive services and/or information will only be utilized to conduct official university business. SU may disseminate voluntarily submitted information to third parties and offices/departments within SU to the extent necessary in order to provide the requested services and/or information. SU may also disseminate such information if required by applicable law-enforcement agencies.
SU will not disclose any information submitted voluntarily for reasons other than mentioned above, without clear notice and the opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such uses. SU will never sell or trade voluntarily submitted information to other entities unless a prior consent has been obtained and/or such information is being shared in response to a subpoena, court order, or legal process.
There is no legal requirement for a user to provide any information to SU. However, without certain information, SU websites and services may not function as intended and features may be inaccessible.
USE OF COOKIES
Some SU websites use cookies (beyond cookies utilized by Google Analytics), which enable SU to further tailor its web services to the needs of the user community. Cookie data assists the University in improving both web content and distribution. Users have the right to refuse the use of cookies by implementing technical configurations in their web browsers; however, functionalities of certain sites may be impacted if such configurations are implemented.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Some SU sites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, SU in any way. If a user decides to navigate to external links, he/she will leave the SU website and thus, the University is not responsible for privacy practices or the content of such websites. Navigating to external links is done at the user’s own risk and users should be aware that SU’s policies no longer apply. SU recommends that users review the privacy policy and applicable terms of all sites they visit.
DATA SECURITY
SU implements stringent security measures wherever possible to promote confidentiality, integrity, and availability of any information in the possession of SU. SU websites that allow users to submit information voluntarily utilize encryption to prevent third-parties from viewing the submitted data. Personal information voluntarily submitted via email cannot leverage encryption in most cases, and thus email is not a mechanism that SU will recommend for submitting confidential and/or personal data. Users that submit unsolicited confidential and/or personal information via email must do so at their own risk.
While the security of user data is of the utmost importance to SU, due to the nature of Internet communications, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Any information transmitted to SU by the user is done so at the user’s own risk. Once the information is received by SU, the University will make every effort to ensure the security of data on SU’s systems.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or if you would like to report an issue or complaint, please contact the University at privacy@sus.edu.
This website uses cookies to ensure site visitors get the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies and Privacy Statement. To find out more, please visit Southern University's Privacy Statement.
I agree