https://www.thoughtco.com/appreciation-quotes-help-forge-friendship-2830115
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Tetra Images / Jamie Grill / Getty Images
Literature
Quotations
Funny Quotes
Love Quotes
Great Lines from Movies and Television
Quotations For Holidays
Best Sellers
Classic Literature
Plays & Drama
Poetry
Shakespeare
Short Stories
Children's Books
By
Simran Khurana
Education Expert
M.B.A, Human Resource Development and Management, Narsee Monjee Institution of Management Studies
B.S., University of Mumbai, Commerce, Accounting, and Finance
Simran Khurana is the Editor-in-Chief for ReachIvy, and a teacher and freelance writer and editor, who uses quotations in her pedagogy.
our editorial process
Simran Khurana
Updated July 24, 2019
Sometimes it's easy to take friends and family for granted, which is why showing appreciation is so important. As philosopher Voltaire said, "Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well." When you take the time to express thanks and gratitude, you help build and strengthen bonds of trust and love. It doesn't matter whether you send a card or make a phone call. Appreciation, however you express it, builds bridges and fosters healthy relationships.
Of course, appreciation should always be sincere. For example, when you praise a family member for their cooking, mention what you specifically liked about the dish, and thank them for preparing it so well. If a friend has thrown you a surprise birthday party, offer your sincere thanks. Remember to say what you enjoyed most about the celebration.
Everyone loves a thoughtful thank-you card, but finding the right words to show your appreciation is not always easy. The following is a list of quotes on the subject of appreciation and gratitude from well-known artists, writers, world leaders, and others to help you create your own special sentiments. You could also include the entire attributed quote if it makes sense.
Maya Angelou: "When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed."
Guillaume Apollinaire: "Now and then it’s good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy."
Thomas Aquinas: "There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship."
Marcus Aurelius: "Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them."
Leo Buscaglia aka Dr. Love: "Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around."
Henry Clay: "Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the gratefully and appreciating heart."
Ralph Waldo Emerson: "A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature."
Helen Keller: "Words are never warm and tender enough to express one's appreciation of a great kindness."
Dalai Lama aka Tenzin Gyatso: "The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness."
Washington Irving: "Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart."
President John F. Kennedy: "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them."
Steve Maraboli: "Forget yesterday — it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow — you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift — today."
Willie Nelson: "When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around."
Marcel Proust: "Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom."
Albert Schweitzer: "At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us."
Mark Twain aka Samuel Langhorne Clemens:
"To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with."
"Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see."
Voltaire: "Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well."
William Arthur Ward: "Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I may not forget you."
Booker T. Washington: "Any man's life will be filled with constant and unexpected encouragement if he makes up his mind to do his level best each day."
Mae West aka Mary Jane West: "Too much of a good thing can be wonderful!"
Walt Whitman: "I have learned that to be with those I like is enough."
Oscar Wilde: "The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention."
Thornton Wilder: "We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures."
Oprah Winfrey: "Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough."
Inspirational Quotes for Thanksgiving
Cute Thanksgiving Quotes
Gratitude Quotes
Thanksgiving Thoughts to Express Gratitude
Religious Thanksgiving Quotes
16 Inspiring Thanksgiving Quotes
'Gracias' and Other Words for Saying 'Thank You'
'Thank You, God' Quotes to Express Appreciation
3 Children's Tales About Gratitude
7 Reasons to Celebrate Your Favorite Teacher
Inspirational Quotes for Teachers
Birthday Wishes and Quotes for Friends
47 Confucius Quotes That Still Ring True Today
Quotes to Celebrate Friendship Day
25 Simple Ways to Say Thank You to Teachers
Simple Ways to Celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week