http://www.beamish.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Donate
Home
COVID-19 – FAQs for Visiting Beamish
Gift Shop
Father Christmas Video Calls
Plan your visit
Plan your visit
Group Visits
Accessibility
Places to Stay
Dogs
Explore & Discover
Explore & Discover
1820s Pockerley
1900s Town
1900s Pit Village
1900s Colliery
1940s Farm
Rowley Station
Open Stores
Beamish Tramway
Eating & Shopping
What’s New
Coming Soon
What’s On
What’s On
Shop
Latest News
Latest News
Blogs
Social Media
Press
About Us
Guiding Principles
History of Beamish
Remaking Beamish
Frank Atkinson
Sustainability at Beamish Museum
Driving Change
Environmental Policy Commitments
Gender Pay Gap Report
Support Us
Friends of Beamish
Business Friends of Beamish
Supporters
Learning
Learning
Plan your school visit
Learning Activities
Learning Resources
Hire Us
Hire Us
Get Involved
Vacancies
Volunteering
Beamish Youth Club
Beamish Young Volunteers
Beamagers
Work Placement
Community Involvement
Beamish WI
Health & Wellbeing
Health & Wellbeing
Orchard Cottage
Visiting with a Care Home?
Skills Workshops
Loans Boxes
Business Friends for Care Providers
Dementia Friends
Links with other Museums
Beamish Collection
Donating objects to Beamish Museum
People’s Collection
WW1 Trench Art
Contact Us
Contact Us
Online Enquiries
Buy Tickets
Newsletter signup
Accessibility Tools
Like us on Facebook
Beamish Museum
Beamish
County Durham
DH9 0RG
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Beamish Unlimited
By using this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Beamish Museum’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
www.beamish.org.uk is provided by Beamish Museum Limited and its suppliers (“we”/”our”/”us”). The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The purchase of goods from us is subject to our Terms and Conditions of Purchase, this includes terms and conditions for museum admission tickets.
Availability and use of www.beamish.org.uk
We will endeavour to ensure that www.beamish.org.uk is available 24 hours per day without any interruptions. However, due to the nature of the internet this may not always be technically possible and no guarantees are given as to the quality or reliability of access to the website.
We reserve the right to make www.beamish.org.uk unavailable at any time or to restrict access to parts or all of www.beamish.org.uk without notice in order to maintain, repair or update the website or if it is necessary for legal reasons. www.beamish.org.uk is a general information service.
Liability
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Beamish Museum is committed to the highest standard and quality of information and every attempt has been made to present up-to-date accurate information. However, neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Beamish Museum shall not be liable for any losses or damages arising from your use of the website, including reliance on information contained on the website. Although we take all reasonable measures to ensure that the information provided to it from third parties is accurate and not defamatory or offensive it cannot control the content or take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers or linked pages.
Links
www.beamish.org.uk has links to other websites which will have different privacy, trading and use policies and conditions and you should familiarise yourself with the same. Beamish Museum takes no responsibility for the content or accessibility of these sites.
Copyright
www.beamish.org.uk belongs to Beamish Museum, its style and structure, and the materials and information on it are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights, and may not be used by you except as expressly provided in this User Agreement. None of the data or content found on the website may be reproduced, published, distributed, posted or transferred modified or linked to another website without the express written permission of Beamish Museum Limited. Any trade mark, logo, crest or other identifiable emblem of Beamish Museum shall remain our property at all times.
Privacy policy and data protection
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Information is collected from you when you shop with us, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site. In addition, we may use cookies to remember login details on the People’s Collection, or to remember your selections in the shopping basket. These are not used for tracking purposes. We do not use cookies to collect personal information about you and no details are stored. If you do not wish to receive cookies then you can set your web browser to reject them.
Terms and conditions of purchase
In purchasing tickets for entry into Beamish you enter into an agreement with Beamish Museum on these ticket specific terms that incorporate the “Common Terms” on this website applicable to all transactions. Click here to read the full terms of use relating to this website.
Classes of Ticket Holders
For the purpose of ticket sales the following definitions apply:
An Adult is a person aged from 17 years to 59 years (inclusive).
A Child is a person aged from 5 years to 16 years (inclusive). Children under the age of 14 will not be admitted without an adult.
A Senior is a person aged 60 years or over.
A Student is an Adult who holds any type of valid photographic identity card showing they are a student in full time education.
Ticket Collection
When your purchase has been confirmed your reference is the e-mail sent to the e-mail address you specified. It is your responsibility to check prior to purchase that the information you have supplied to us in respect of your ticket requirements is accurate. We are only responsible for issuing tickets in accordance with the information you provide.
If the delivered e-mail does not match your order, please contact us at museum@beamish.org.uk
Beamish Museum will not mail out any tickets purchased online.
Ticket and Beamish Unlimited Pass Purchase and Validity
A Beamish Unlimited Pass bought online is valid for 12 months from the date of purchase.
Unless otherwise stated, no tickets will be sent out in the post. Beamish Unlimited Passes can be collected from the museum Entrance on the day of first visit. For Evening Events, an e-ticket is sent to the email address specified.
Evening Events: Tickets for evening events are non-refundable, non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for an alternative date or event, or replaced in the event of loss. Beamish Unlimited Passes and Friends of Beamish Membership are not valid for Evening Events.
At times we do offer tickets at special rates. Tickets purchased at these rates are only valid on specific dates. We are happy to upgrade your ticket to a Beamish Unlimited Pass, however you will be required to pay the difference.
Please visit the website for opening times and prices.
Resale
No ticket may be resold without the prior written consent of Beamish Museum. If any person attempts to enter Beamish with a ticket that has been resold without Beamish Museum’s written consent, Beamish Museum may refuse entry and no compensation is payable to that person by Beamish Museum.
Delivery
Beamish Museum will not mail out any tickets purchased online, unless otherwise stated. When your purchase has been confirmed your reference is the dispatched e-mail sent to the e-mail address you specified. It is your responsibility to check prior to purchase that the information you have supplied to us in respect of your ticket requirements is accurate. We are only responsible for issuing tickets in accordance with the information you provide.
Returns
If the delivered e-mail does not match your order, please contact museum@beamish.org.uk Tickets for evening events are non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for an alternative date or event.
Beamish Unlimited Pass Terms and Conditions
Pass holders can gain free entry to Beamish during normal daytime opening hours (last admission 3pm) for 12 months from the date of purchase. There are a small number of days and events when the Beamish Unlimited Pass is not valid, including special evening events such as Halloween Evenings or Christmas Evenings. Admission information will be included in the event details, however please telephone the museum or visit our website for details if you are unsure.
Your Pass will act as proof of purchase of a Beamish Unlimited Pass and must be produced on arrival to gain admission. If you arrive at the museum without the Pass, you will be asked to pay the normal admission price and this will not be refunded.
On collection of your Unlimited Pass you will be required to sign the Pass in front of a member of Beamish Staff. Beamish Unlimited Passes are not transferable to any other person and passes must only be used by the named Beamish Unlimited Pass holder. Staff will always verify the identity of the pass holder(s) prior to admission.
If you lose or forget your Pass, please bring along a form of ID with you on your visit and our Entrance Team will search for you on the museum’s membership database. We will be able to issue you with a replacement pass once we have found you on the system.
Children under 14 years of age must always be accompanied by an adult. If a child pass holder is included on a Family Pass, proof of both membership and the identity of the child must be produced to obtain free admission.
The Pass may not be used for group/educational visits or in conjunction with any other concessions, discounts, or for commercial/business use.
The museum reserves the right to refuse admission.
Friends of Beamish Membership Terms and Conditions
Membership admits the member to all functions arranged by and on behalf of the Friends of Beamish Ltd.
Members agree to be bound by the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, which can be inspected at the Friends Office.
Members can gain free entry to Beamish during normal opening hours (last admission 3pm) for 12 months from the date of issue (a concession generously given by Beamish Museum). There are a small number of days and events when Friends Membership Entry is not valid, including special evening events such as Halloween Evenings and Christmas Evenings where a special payment must be made. Please check for details.
Your Friends of Beamish membership card must be produced on arrival to gain admission. If you arrive at the Museum without the card, you will be asked to pay the normal admission price and this will not be refunded.
If you lose or forget your Pass, please bring along a form of ID with you on your visit and our Entrance Team will search for you on the museum’s membership database. We will be able to issue you with a replacement pass once we have found you on the system.
Friends of Beamish Membership is not transferable to any other person and membership cards must only be used by the named holder. Staff will always verify the identity of all pass holders prior to admission.
Children under 14 years of age must always be accompanied by an adult.
Friends are generously granted a special 10% discount in the Museum’s food and retail outlets. This excludes privately operated concessions and website sales. Please show your membership card before any transaction.
The Friends of Beamish Membership Card may not be used for group/educational visits or in conjunction with any other concessions, discounts, or for commercial/business use.
The Museum reserves the right to refuse admission.
Classes of Friends of Beamish Membership
For the purpose of membership sales the following definitions apply:
An Adult is a person aged from 22 years to 59 years (inclusive).
A Young Person is a person aged from 5 years to 21 years (inclusive).
A Senior Citizen is a person aged 60 years or over.
The Direct Debit Guarantee
This Guarantee is offered by all banks and building societies that accept instructions to pay Direct Debits
If there are any changes to the amount, date or frequency of your Direct Debit GC re: Beamish Museum will notify you 3 working days in advance of your account being debited or as otherwise agreed. If you request Beamish Museum to collect a payment, confirmation of the amount and date will be given to you at the time of the request
If an error is made in the payment of your Direct Debit, by Beamish Museum or your bank or building society, you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the amount paid from your bank or building society
If you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when Beamish Museum asks you to
You can cancel a Direct Debit at any time by simply contacting your bank or building society. Written confirmation may be required. Please also notify us.
NHS Test and Trace
In order to support NHS Test and Trace, your details will be stored securely for 21 days, and made available to the NHS Test & Trace scheme for the purpose of benefiting public health during the Coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic.
Pre-booked Catering
Picnic bags and takeout afternoon teas can be pre-ordered online (must be booked at least 72 hours before your visit). Information about booking catering will be emailed separately after making a timeslot booking, (please note, pre-booked catering is non-refundable). A valid Beamish Unlimited Pass or Friends of Beamish membership, and timeslot ticket for each person are required to enter the museum.
Beamish Museum Online Retail
ORDERING AND PAYMENT
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Statement:
All Beamish Museum staff and volunteers are following government guidelines in relation to social distancing and safe working practices. A rigorous cleaning regime is in place. Any delivery drivers or external people are being reminded of these guidelines and we have altered our operating procedures to ensure that social distancing is in place throughout our processes. We have also reduced the numbers of colleagues that are working to a minimum. We continue to monitor the government advice and updates and we will alter our ways of working accordingly.
Payment Terms & Conditions
In addition to this website’s Terms & Conditions which govern your use of this website, any purchase of products by You from this website is also governed by these additional Purchase Terms.
In these Purchase Terms:
“Us” means Beamish Museum Trading Ltd. “You” means the person ordering goods subject to these Purchase Terms.
Agreement
Beamish Museum Trading Ltd cannot accept your order until You have paid for it in full.
Upon payment, Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will confirm receipt of your order by an acknowledgement displayed on screen once your payment details have been accepted, followed by an email which will be sent to the e-mail address You provide on your order details.
You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your order up until the point at which You submit your order by clicking the “Pay” button on the checkout page.
Your order represents an offer to Us to purchase the goods which is accepted by Us when we send You an email confirming acceptance of your order. A legally binding contract between You and Us is created at the point of our acceptance of your order.
Beamish Museum Trading Ltd reserves the right to choose not to accept your order for any reason, at its discretion, and will not be liable to You or anyone else in those circumstances.
The supply of products is subject to availability.
Prices and Payment
The prices for goods and services displayed for sale on this website are as set out on the website. All prices are in pounds (£) sterling, inclusive of VAT where applicable at current rate. Delivery may be charged in addition, and any such additional charges are clearly displayed under “Choose your delivery option”, where they apply.
Prices may change at any time prior to (but not after) acceptance of your order.
In the unlikely event that the price of an item has been incorrectly advertised on this website, we will contact You by email (at the address provided with your order details) or telephone You, to ask whether You wish to proceed with the order at the correct price. If You are not happy to proceed, or we are unable to obtain your instructions, we will cancel the order and provide You with a full refund of any monies debited.
By using a credit/debit card to pay for your order, You confirm that the card being used is yours. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform You of the reason for the refusal. We are not responsible for your card issuer or bank charging You as a result of our processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
Beamish Museum Trading Ltd takes every care to ensure its product descriptions; price; colour and availability are accurate. However, there may be some changes which are beyond our control and variations are to be expected in handmade products. Sizes are given as a guide only.
Delivery
Subject to availability, Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will use its reasonable endeavours to deliver the goods You have ordered, within 7-14 working days of You placing the order, but we cannot accept any liability for late deliveries. Standard UK delivery is sent by Royal Mail (second class post) and goods will be delivered direct to the address You specify when You submit your order.
Orders are processed Monday to Friday (excluding bank and public holidays), normally between the hours of 8am and 4pm. The precise timing of a delivery cannot be specified.
If your order consists of more than one item, those items may be delivered separately, but we cannot deliver items within the same order to multiple addresses.
Deliveries will be made to your door. Beamish Museum Trading Ltd is not responsible for any additional carrying or positioning of goods.
Once delivered, the goods will become your property (provided they have been paid for in full) and your responsibility and Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will not accept any liability for their loss, damage or destruction after they have been delivered.
If the goods You order are not available, for whatever reason, Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will inform You of the position by e-mail (at the address provided with your order details) or telephone. If the goods are temporarily out of stock, we will ask if You wish to wait for the goods to become available. Unless You advise Us of your wish to do so, Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will refund any money debited from your payment card by re-crediting your account. The refund will be made as soon as possible.
Delivery Charges: £2.95 UK postage, £14.95 outside of UK postage.
Your right to cancel
You may cancel your order (or any part of it) at any stage before the goods are delivered to You, and up to 30 days afterwards, by e-mailing retailonline@beamish.org.uk.
If You choose to cancel your order, You must return any goods to the relevant address (see above) at your own risk and cost, and, unless You are returning faulty or defective goods (see Section 5, below), in as good condition as when they were delivered to You. Please return goods in original packaging and with all relevant documentation. Unless faulty or defective, we are unable to accept returns of perishable goods.
Beamish Museum Trading Ltd shall refund your payment card account with any monies debited from it as soon as possible after receiving notice of cancellation from You, and in any case within 30 days of receipt of that notice, subject to your returning the goods as set out above.
Faulty goods
Beamish Museum Trading Ltd will repair, replace or offer a full refund for faulty or defective goods returned to Us for which we are responsible in accordance with your legal rights. In the event that You wish to return goods to Us because they are faulty or defective, You should notify Us using the details set out in Section 4, above and return the goods to the relevant address set out there. A refund for postage paid only if the item is found to be defective or if it was incorrectly supplied from the original order. We recommend that You use a recorded delivery service as the parcel remains your responsibility until it reaches us.
Goods should be returned to:
Beamish Museum – Shop
Beamish
Stanley
County Durham
DH9 0RG
Age requirements for certain goods
If You wish to order a product where a minimum age requirement is indicated (for example in relation to products containing alcohol), You must confirm that You are of the required age before You will be able to proceed with the order. We reserve the right not to supply any age-restricted product where we reasonably believe that You are below the relevant minimum age.
Orders for delivery outside the United Kingdom
If You choose to access this website from outside the United Kingdom, You are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent that they are applicable.
We do not represent or warrant that any product on this website is appropriate for use or available in locations outside of the United Kingdom, or that it complies with any legal or regulatory requirements of such other locations.
If You order products for delivery outside the United Kingdom, they may be subject to import duties and taxes. You will be responsible for these. We have no control over such charges and cannot advise You as to what they may be, although your local customs office may be able to assist. For deliveries outside the United Kingdom, You will be regarded as the importer and it is your responsibility to comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the products are to be delivered. Cross-border deliveries may be subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend or revise these terms at any time without notice. Any such changes to the terms and conditions will be effective once published on our website.
Governing Law
This agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
Buy the guide book
Buy the magazine
Beamish collections
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy