http://www.oldjailmuseum.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy:
Pamela Green ("Pamela")
operates oldjailmuseum.org and may operate other websites. It
is Pamela's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Pamela collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Pamela's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Pamela's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Pamela may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Pamela also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on oldjailmuseum.org
blogs/sites. Pamela only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Pamela's websites choose to interact
with Pamela in ways that require Pamela to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Pamela gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at oldjailmuseum.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Pamela are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Pamela collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Pamela. Pamela does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Pamela may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Pamela may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Pamela does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Pamela discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Pamela's behalf or to provide services available
at Pamela's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Pamela's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Pamela will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Pamela discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Pamela believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Pamela, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Pamela website and have supplied your email address, Pamela
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Pamela and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Pamela takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pamela uses cookies to
help Pamela identify and track visitors, their usage of Pamela
website, and their website access preferences. Pamela visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Pamela's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Pamela's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Pamela, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Pamela goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Pamela may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Pamela and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Pamela may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Pamela's sole
discretion. Pamela encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a oldjailmuseum.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Last Articles
All You Need to Know About Tadalafil
Health Benefits of CBD
Important Tips to Keep Your Pet Healthy
Tips to Develop Skills for Nurses
Types of Marijuana Edibles and Their Health Benefits
Healthy Benefits of Exercise for Women
Advantages of Drinking Coffee for Health
Tips to Help Ace Your Home Fitness Routine
Effective Ways to Reduce Triglycerides Naturally
Reasons to Start Eating Healthy
Three Critical Aspects to Understand Regarding Elliptical Machine
How to Stay Healthy During This Pandemic
Essential Skin Care Tips
Benefits of Theater for Your Mental Health
How to Be Healthier at Home with Tech Devices
Natural Ways to Build Healthy Bones
Vitiligo causes, symptoms and treatment
What you need to know about genital health
Health And Music
Dealing With Joint Pains
Tagsbenefits
Bones
Brownies
Cannabis
CBD
Coffee
Disease
elliptical machine
Erectile Dysfunction
exercise
fats
Fitness
genital
health
Healthy
Honey
Impotence
inflammation
joint
Mental Health
music
Nurse
pain
pandemic
Pet
private parts
Skill
skin
skin care
stress
Tadalafil
Theater
Treatment
triglycerides
Vitiligo
Well Being
Wellness
workout
wrinkle
Categories
Arthritis
Genital
Health
Mental Health
Music
Vitiligo
Pages
Birth Control
Our People
Privacy
Talk To Us
Terms