http://www.sosintl.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Last updated and effective as of 01-01-2020
This Privacy Policy is specific to SOS Intl located in the U.S.A. SOS is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information that you provide to us through use of any of our websites with an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (each a, "Site" and collectively, "Sites"). We provide this Privacy Policy so that you know what information we collect from you and how we use it. By using our Sites, you signify that understand and accept of the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted on the Site. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use our Sites or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
What Information is Collected
"Personal information" is data that can be used to identify or contact the person to whom it pertains. When you visit and use our Sites or conduct business with us, we may need to collect certain personal information from you to provide and improve upon our products and services. How we collect this information will depend on how you elect to interact with us. We may collect personal information that you supply to us directly when you conduct business with us, including via telephone, fax, email, or through your use of and interaction with us on our Sites, such as during an online transaction. Such personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, home, business and/or email address, phone number, date of birth, social security, tax identification and/or driver's license number, payment and credit card information and other information that you provide to us. For example, we may request your name and email address to add you to an email newsletter. Users who register to receive information via a wireless device may be asked to submit a cell phone number to receive text messages. We may offer the option to interact with one of our representatives directly while using the Site in order to ask questions, and request information or assistance in using our services, and we will record the information you provide during these interactions to assist us in providing quality services. We may also record information about your purchases and training (e.g., purchases, registrations, downloads, payment arrangements, usage, and other information related to the particular products or services you might obtain from us). You can access many features on our Sites without providing personal information to us, but it may limit our ability to provide the service level you would otherwise expect.Tracking, Use of Cookies and Similar DevicesIn order to improve our products and services, and provide more convenient experiences to our customers, we and our vendors and agents may store some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie". Cookies are used by many websites to give users access to certain site functions. The information stored in the cookie can also be used to track your use of the Site and its features.There are two cookie types. The first saves a file in your browser for an extended period and is used to determine whether your computer has previously accessed a Site. The second type, called a "session cookie," is saved temporarily in your browser while you visit the Site, and is deleted when you close your browser. You can modify your browser's settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you an opportunity to decide whether to accept it. Users choosing not to accept cookies from our Sites may not have access to all Site features and/or functions.We may also use a web monitoring service that provides us with certain publicly available information about online visitors to help us better understand Site usage for our marketing, operations and other business purposes. Site usage information could include, but is not limited to, internet browser information, operating system information, dates and times of a particular user's' visits, Site pages visited, and information that may be publicly available in connection with an IP address, such as general location of the user, business name and contact information. We may aggregate such information to help us analyze, market and improve our Site and business. We do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily provide it.
How We Use Personal Information
SOS collects and uses your personal information only to provide the services and products that you request from us; to communicate with you regarding such services and products; to do all things necessary to administer such offerings; to research, develop, manage, protect and improve our Site, services and products; to maintain and develop our service-oriented software and other business systems; to provide you with information on services, products, special deals, announcements, surveys or a newsletter in connection with a service or product about which you previously inquired, or about which we think you might be interested; and to analyze data, or to have a third party do so on our behalf.
What We Provide to Others
We may use or disclose your personal information to affiliates and partners to protect the security and integrity of our Site, to correct technical problems and malfunctions on our Site, to technically process your information, or to take precautions against liability. We also may provide your personal information to your company or organization if you use our services under a corporate or other commercial account, and in connection with any services or products you purchase from us, to your credit card issuer, credit reporting and fraud checking agencies as necessary, and to debt collection agencies if you fail to pay monies owed to us. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization or liquidation of our business. We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of use of our Sites. Unless we have otherwise obtained consent from you, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for those third-parties' direct marketing purposes.
Security
We take reasonable physical, electronic and administrative steps to protect personal information we collect from unauthorized access, loss, misuse or alteration. Only authorized representatives and agents working on behalf of SOS have access to such data, and they may not share it with any other third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If at any time you provide a third party's personal information to us, you warrant that you have permission to do so and agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against any claim, liability, cost and expense arising in connection with your provision of that information.You are solely responsible for the information and other content you post in discussion boards, promotions, and other public interactive areas that we may offer through a Site from time to time. You understand that all information that you post on or through public areas of our Sites is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, other persons, which may result in unsolicited messages or other contacts. Use caution when posting personal information about yourself in public areas of the Site.
Links to Other Sites
Our Sites may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or make representations about any linked websites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked websites. Any links to outside sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors, who need to make their own independent judgment regarding their interaction with linked sites.
Children's Privacy
Our Sites and services are intended for an adult audience. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of such a child, we will take steps to delete it as soon as possible.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change or replace this Privacy Policy, in our sole discretion, at any time. If there are material changes, we will generally notify our users by posting a notice of such change in a separate section of this Privacy Policy so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users will have the opportunity to opt-out of any change in the use of their information. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the Site, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used or disclosed in this new manner. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of any changes. Your continued use of a Site following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy signifies that you accept those changes. Any changes to this Privacy Policy are effective immediately after being posted.
Questions / Suspected Security Breaches
We welcome your questions and comments about our Privacy Policy and we want to know if you are aware of a known or suspected privacy or security breach. To report a known or suspected privacy or security breach or to submit privacy or security-related questions or complaints, please contact us by email at support@sosintl.com or at the address below:SOS IntlAttn: Privacy Policy Administrator10715 Sikes Place, Suite 114Charlotte, NC 28277
Transfer of Your Data to the U.S.A.
By voluntarily providing us with your personal information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Due to the nature of the Internet, if you are visiting one of our Sites from a country other than the U.S.A., your communications will inevitably result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site you consent to these transfers. If you provide personal information to us via this Site, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of SOS and the affiliates, agents and service providers referred to herein located in the U.S.A. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed the terms of our Privacy Policy and you agree that we may collect, use and transfer your personal information in accordance with it. If you do not agree with these terms, you may choose not to use the Site, and please do not provide any personal information through the Site. This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Use and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, U.S.A.
Terms of Use
Last updated and effective as of 01-01-2020
This site is operated by SOS Intl, its affiliates and agents. Sites operated by SOS Intl that display or link to these Terms of Use and our official SOS pages on various social media platforms (each a, "Site" and collectively, the "Sites") are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance, without modification, of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and all terms, conditions that appear throughout our Sites (collectively, "Terms"). We may change any Terms at any time by posting an updated version on our Sites. Please read all Terms carefully. Your use of a Site signifies that you agree to be bound by the applicable Terms. If you object to any of the Terms or if are dissatisfied with the Sites' content, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Sites.
What Information is Collected
SOS and its affiliates own all rights, title and interest in and to the Sites, including but not limited to all intellectual property and proprietary rights. Unless otherwise indicated on a Site, displayed trademarks, corporate logos, services marks, trade names and emblems (collectively, "Marks") are subject to the trademark rights of, and are proprietary to, SOS and its affiliates. All the text, content, graphics, interfaces, code and materials on the Sites, the look and feel, selection and arrangement, design and organization of the Sites and the compilation of the content, code, data and materials on our Sites (collectively, the "Content") are copyrighted works owned or licensed by SOS. and our affiliates. Copyright 2002-2020. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You are not granted any ownership or other interest in the Sites, Marks or Content as a result of your visiting and using the Sites.
Permitted Use; Restrictions
You may only display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, electronically copy, download onto a single personal computer and print single hard copy portions of the Content from a Site solely for your own internal, non-commercial, lawful use. Except as expressly permitted in this paragraph, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, publish, license, modify, translate, adapt, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or otherwise exploit the Sites or any Content, information, software, products or services obtained from Sites, without our prior written permission. If you make any use of a Site except as permitted in this paragraph, you may violate copyright and other laws of the U.S.A. and other countries, as well as applicable state laws, and may be subject to liability for unauthorized use.You may not: (a) engage in harvesting e-mail addresses or other personal information, unsolicited emailing, telephone calls or mailings, spoofing, flooding, overloading, spidering, screen scraping, database scraping, or any other activity directed to obtaining user lists or other information from a Site; (b) send chain letters or pyramid schemes via any Site; (c) decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any part of any Site; or (d) attempt to gain unauthorized access to any part of any Site or any other computer systems through any Site. You agree that you will not use any Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair it, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain data or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through our Sites.
User Account and Password
In connection with certain features on a Site, we may issue to you, or enable you to establish, a username and password. If so, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any activity under your account and password. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control access to and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify SOS when you desire to cancel your account for a Site. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph.
User Content
We may, from time to time, offer Site users and others the opportunity to post or submit content to a Site, and may also offer forums, blogs or bulletin boards in which you or others may post content, messages, materials or other items (collectively, "User Content"). You are solely responsible for your use of such interactive areas of our Site and you use them at your own risk. You may only post User Content to public areas on a Site and where you have permission to post. You may not post any content that violates these Terms of Use or any third-party rights. Never post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish User Content through our Sites that: (a) is sexually explicit, violent, derogatory, unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, harassing, threatening, an invasion of another individual's privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable; (b) promotes illegal drug use, tobacco or firearms use; (c) constitutes, encourages or provides instructions for a criminal offense, violates the rights of any individual or group, or that otherwise creates liability or violates any local, state, national or international law; (d) may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party; (e) uses the names or likenesses of persons living or dead without their permission or that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; (f) advertises or links to other sites for your commercial purposes; (g) includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, social security and/or tax identification numbers, credit card numbers or other personally identifiable information of someone else; (h) includes viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; (i) communicates messages inconsistent with the positive good will of SOS and our affiliates; or (j) in the sole judgment of SOS, is objectionable, or which may expose the Site, its users or partners of SOS to any harm.We are not responsible for and assume no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any resulting loss or damage, nor are we liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. We are not liable for any statements, representations, or User Content provided by its users of our Sites. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any User Content posted to or distributed through any of our Sites, we reserves the right, and have sole discretion, to remove without notice any and all User Content posted or stored on a Site. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of your User Content. SOS will have no obligations with respect to your User Content. By submitting or sending User Content to us: (i) you represent and warrant to us that the User Content is original to you, that no other party has any rights thereto, that any "moral rights" in such User Content have been waived and that such User Content, and our uses thereof, do not violate, misappropriate or infringe any third party right or law; and (ii) you grant us and our designees a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to copy, reproduce, disclose, distribute, transmit, display, publish, perform, modify, translate, adapt, make derivative works from, incorporate and otherwise use and exploit the User Content (in whole or part), including all data, images, creative works, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein, for any and all commercial or noncommercial purposes. We cannot be responsible for maintaining any User Content that you provide to us, and we may delete or destroy any such User Content at any time. We are not responsible for the content or text of, or any typos, misspellings, grammar or other errors in, your User Content.
Unsolicited Submissions
We do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new product or service enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product or services names. Do not submit any unsolicited ideas, original creative artwork, suggestions or other works ("Unsolicited Submissions") to us in any form. If, despite this request, you persist in sending us any Unsolicited Submissions, then regardless of what your communication might say, the following terms shall apply to your Unsolicited Submissions: You agree that: (1) your submissions and their contents will automatically become the property of SOS, without any compensation to you; (2) SOS may use or redistribute your submissions and their contents for any purpose and in any way; (3) SOS has no obligation to review your submissions; and (4) SOS has no obligation to keep any submission confidential.
Products and Services
Prices and availability of the products and services described on a Site are subject to change without notice. Listing, display or reference to a particular product or service on a Site does not mean that the product or service is presently available or available in all countries, and does not constitute an offer to sell or supply that product or service.
Site Modifications or Termination
We reserve the right, for any reason, in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of any of the Sites, including, but not limited to, content, services, features or hours of availability. We may also impose limits on certain features of a Site, or restrict your access to part or all of a Site without notice or penalty.
Copyright Infringement Complaints
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable law, we have implemented a procedure for contacting us in the event you feel certain rights might be infringed by content posted on a SOS Web Site. If you believe in good faith that content hosted by us infringes your copyright, provide our Registered Agent with the following written information: (1) A full and complete identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed. (2) A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing the copyrighted work, the Site on which the material is posted and information that will allow us to locate that material on the Site, such as a link to the infringing material. (3) Your name, address, email and telephone number. (4) Include the following statement, signed by you: "I have a good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law." (5) Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed." (6) The notice must be signed by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.Notices of claims of copyright infringement on any Site should be emailed or mailed, at your choice, to support@sosintl.com or at the address below:SOS IntlAttn: Copyright Infringement Notice10715 Sikes Place, Suite 114Charlotte, NC 28277We recommend that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorney’s fees) if you make a false claim of copyright infringement. We will review and address all notices that comply with the requirements above.
Repeat Infringer Policy
By voluntarily providing us with your personal information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Due to the nature of the Internet, if you are visiting one of our Sites from a country other than the U.S.A., your communications will inevitably result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site you consent to these transfers. If you provide personal information to us via this Site, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of SOS and the affiliates, agents and service providers referred to herein located in the U.S.A. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed the terms of our Privacy Policy and you agree that we may collect, use and transfer your personal information in accordance with it. If you do not agree with these terms, you may choose not to use the Site, and please do not provide any personal information through the Site. This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Use and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, U.S.A.
Repeat Infringer Policy
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, submitters who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also, at our sole discretion, limit the access to any of the Sites for any user who infringes any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Additional Terms
In addition to these Terms of Use, when using particular features or services on our Sites, your use is subject to any posted guidelines and rules applicable to such features and services ("Additional Terms"), all of which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. If these Terms of Use conflict with any Additional Terms, these Terms of Use will control.
Changes To Terms of Use
SOS reserves the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time, and at any time, with or without notice to you, by displaying or linking to the changes on the applicable Site. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms of Use. By using a Site following any modification to these Terms of Use, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use as amended.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless SOS, its affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, managers, owners, employees, agents, licensors, insurers and vendors from and against all claims, liabilities, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting in any way from your use or any activity otherwise related to your use of any Sites (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing a Site using an account registered to you, including, without limitation, communication, placement or transmission of any information or other materials on or through any Site, your breach or violation of the law, of any third party right or of these Terms and Conditions.
DISCLAIMER
OUR SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT, FUNCTIONS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS ON OUR SITES, ARE EACH PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SOS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. SOS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN ANY SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES ANY SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. SOS DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN ANY SITE OR WITH RESPECT TO THEIR COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. NO ADVICE, RESULTS OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SOS OR THROUGH ANY SITE SHALL CREATE ANY OBLIGATION ON, OR WARRANTY BY, SOS NOT EXPRESSLY MADE IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH A SITE, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON A SITE TO MAINTAIN ANY DATA OR INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT; YOU SHOULD RETAIN ALL SUCH DATA AND INFORMATION IN YOUR OWN RECORDS FOR USE SHOULD THAT SITE FAIL OR BE UNAVAILABLE, OR SHOULD THE DATA OR INFORMATION BE LOST.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL SOS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, INSURERS OR VENDORS (I) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SITE'S USE; PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE; AVAILABLE CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES; OR CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, EXCHANGED OR RECEIVED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY USER OR OTHER PERSON ON OR THROUGH A SITE; Or (II) BE LIABLE, IN THE AGGREGATE, FOR MORE THAN $100.00 FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION, IN THE AGGREGATE, ARISING FROM THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR YOUR USE OF THE SITES.THE LIMITATIONS ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY IN SOME JURISDICTIONS THAT DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY.
Applicable Laws
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina, U.S.A., without regard to its conflicts of law rules. You agree that the exclusive jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to any Site or these Terms of Use (including but not limited to the purchase of SOS products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, U.S.A., and you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to any Site or these Terms of Use must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or be forever barred. Failure of SOS to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any portion of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any Term of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, notwithstanding such invalid provision, the remaining Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall modify these Terms of Use. Each Site is controlled and operated in the U.S.A. The Sites may not be available to individuals or companies outside of the U.S.A. SOS makes no representation that materials on any Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access a Site from locations outside North Carolina, U.S.A. do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the materials in violation of the U.S.A.'s or other jurisdictions' export, re-export or import laws and regulations.
Arbitration
By using any Site, you agree that SOS Intl, at its sole discretion, may require you to submit any disputes arising from the use of any Site, or these Terms and Conditions, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, nullity, invalidity, non-performance or termination, as well as disputes about filling gaps in these Terms and Conditions or its adaptation to newly arisen circumstances, to final and binding arbitration under the International Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association, by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Notwithstanding these rules, however, such proceeding shall take place in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, U.S.A. and shall be governed by the laws of the state as set forth in the preceding Applicable Laws section. Further, the arbitrator(s) shall have no authority to award punitive, consequential or other damages not measured by the prevailing party's actual damages in any arbitration initiated under this section, except as may be required by applicable law.