https://www.briercrest.ca/hr/documents/webprivacy/
High School
College
Seminary
[ COVID-19 ]
Inquire |
Visit our Campus |
Donate
Home
Human Resources
Policies and Forms
Website Privacy Policy
1. Preamble
Briercrest College and Seminary is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our employees, students, alumni, donors, customers, and visitors to our web site.
2. Protection of Personal Privacy
We limit the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of personal information to purposes appropriate to fulfilling our mission and for an effective employment relationship with our employees.
Individuals provide consent for the collection, use and disclosure of their personal information. Consent may be implied in some situations while express consent is required for confidential and sensitive information. At all times we reserve the right to disclose information where required or allowed by law.
We make reasonable efforts to have in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect.
We NEVER sell, rent, loan, or give any mailing lists to anyone outside of our organization. Personal information including credit checks by financial institutions will not be disclosed to third parties without the express consent of the individual.
3. Website Privacy
As a normal part of our network administration, we log access to our web site, including IP Address and time of day. We use this information to ensure the proper operation of our systems, and also to safeguard against, and investigate unauthorized access to our systems. We do not sell or provide this information to any third parties, except when requested by law-enforcement agencies in the pursuit of criminal investigations.
We use cookies to enable session-tracking only. These cookies are user and server specific and only record an identifying number so that our web servers can establish and maintain ongoing web services sessions. These cookies do not contain private information of any kind. As an example, we use cookies on our college and seminary online course registration system to ensure continuity from the log-in page through each successive page.
4. Responsibility and Accountability
Management and employees are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of general and personal information according to this Privacy Policy. They are required to ensure that personal information is maintained in a secure environment. Violations of this policy may result in disciplinary actions.
5. How To Contact Us
If you would like to update your personal information, revise a consent you have given to us, or if you have any questions regarding the personal information we have collected from you, please contact the appropriate department of Briercrest College and Seminary.
Please email privacy@briercrest.ca if you do not know which department to contact or if you have any concerns regarding our privacy policy.
Human Resources
Policies and Forms
Career Centre
Student Employment
For New Employees
Volunteers
Recent Posts
COVID-19 Update: December 1, 2020
COVID update for Briercrest Christian Academy, College, and Seminary as of the week of December 1, 2020.2020-12-01
Yes, We Do Chapel Daily at Briercrest. Here's Why it Matters.
Daily chapels have become almost non-existent, even at Christian colleges and universities. But at Briercrest, we believe that chapel is a vital part of our daily spiritual formation. Here's why the opportunity to gather daily for chapel matters.2020-11-30
COVID-19 Update: November 23, 2020
COVID update for Briercrest Christian Academy, College, and Seminary as of the week of November 23, 2020.2020-11-23
See Also
Student Life
Fees
Admissions Adviser
The professors really promote in-class discussion and I thrive off of that. The level of the engagement the professors show in their material encourages me to also have a deep level of engagement.
From the National Survey of Student Engagement 2015
(College)
Start your application