http://www.ethanallenhomestead.org/legal.html
The Ethan Allen Homestead Museum | Home
The Ethan Allen Homestead Museum
Visit the Ethan Allen Homestead Museum, the historic home of Vermont''s founder, Ethan Allen and his wife Fanny, built in 1787.
Home
Online Museum Shop
Virtual ExhibitsWho was Ethan Allen?
Fanny's Garden
The Allen Family
Ethan Allen Timeline
Slavery in Vermont
The Allen House
Green Mountain Boys
Ethan Allen Day
The Curmudgeon's Corner
Hike the Trails
Revolutionary Poetry
Abenaki Heritage
Contact usPhone or E-mail
Volunteer!
2020Volunteer Webinar
Support Us!
Events
EducationOn Site Field Trips
History Alive
Lifelong Learning
Lecture Series
Suffrage Symposium
Virtual Field Trip
Map
Board of Directors
John Devino President
John Achenbach Vice President
Phyllis Drury Treasurer
Susan Ouellette SecretaryGenn FayRobert GrandchampVernon M. Hutchings
Patrick Lamphere
Angela Moody
Robert Powlus
Douglas Slaybaugh
Non-Discrimination Policy
The Ethan Allen Homestead Museum does not exclude, deny services to, or otherwise discriminate against
any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability,
age, sex, gender identity, religion, or sexual orientation in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and
benefits under any of its programs and activities, whether carried out
by  Ethan Allen Homestead Museum directly or through a contractor or any other entity with which  Ethan Allen Homestead Museum arranges to carry out its programs and activities.
Terms and Conditions for use
Welcome
to EthanAllenHomestead.org. If you continue to browse and use this
website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following
terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy
govern the Ethan Allen Homestead's relationship with you in relation to
this website.
The
term "Ethan Allen Homestead" or refers to
the owner of the website whose registered office is Ethan Allen
Homestead, Burlington, Vermont. The term "you" refers to the user
or viewer of our website.
The
use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The
content of the pages of this website is for your general information
and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third
parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy,
timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the
information and materials found or offered on this website for any
particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and
materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly
exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest
extent permitted by law.
Your use of any
information or materials on this website is entirely at your own
risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own
responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information
available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains
material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material
includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look,
appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in
accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these
terms and conditions.
All trademarks
reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or
licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this
website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal
offence.
From time to time this
website may also include links to other websites. These links are
provided for your convenience to provide further information. They
do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no
responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your
use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the
website is subject to the laws of the United State of America.
You
may use our site for lawful purposes only. You may not use our site
to post, transmit or otherwise distribute unlawful material.
Examples of unlawful material include, without limitation, threats
of physical harm, defamatory statements, pornographic material, and
copyrighted, trademarked and other proprietary material used without
proper authorization.
You
may not attempt to use or distribute tools designed for compromising
security or take any action to compromise the security of this site.
You
may not "flood" or disrupt our website through any means
or process.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how
Ethan Allen Homestead uses and protects any information that you give
Ethan Allen Homestead when you use this website.
Ethan Allen Homestead is committed to
ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide
certain information by which you can be identified when using this
website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in
accordance with this privacy statement.
Ethan Allen Homestead may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this
page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from February 15th 2009
What we collect
We may collect the following
information:
name
contact
information including email address
demographic
information such as ZIP code, preferences and interests
other information relevant to
customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we
gather
We require this information to
understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in
particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special
offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also
use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We
may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the
information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that
your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access
or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we
collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks
permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you
agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or
lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web
applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application
can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by
gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to
identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about
webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to
customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis
purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you
with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to
your computer or any information about you, other than the data you
choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline
cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
Our website may contain links to
other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links
to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control
over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the
protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst
visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy
statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy
statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal
information
You may choose to restrict the
collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever
you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box
that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information
to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to
us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes,
you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
info@ethanallenhomestead.org
We will not sell, distribute or lease
your personal information to third parties unless we have your
permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal
information to send you promotional information about third parties
which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish
this to happen.
If you believe that any information
we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or
email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly
correct any information found to be incorrect. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Ethan
Allen Homestead and their affiliates harmless from any claims,
losses, or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your
violation of these terms, and to fully cooperate in the defense by
Ethan Allen Homestead and their affiliates against any such claims.
Without limitation, you agree to defend us from and against any and
all claims, actions or demands brought by or against us alleging with
respect to you a) infringement or misappropriation of any
intellectual property rights; b) defamation, libel, slander,
obscenity, pornography or violation of the rights of privacy or
publicity, or c) spamming or any other offensive, harassing or
illegal conduct or violation of this Agreement. You agree to
indemnify us from and against all damages, costs, and fees awarded in
favor of third parties, and you will indemnify and hold us harmless
against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages,
expenses and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees)
(collectively, "Losses") suffered by us which Losses result
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Get
Directions!
2020 HOURS OF OPERATION Open for General Tours
July 1st to October 31st
Thurs., Fri., Sat., Sun.10 a.m.- 4 p.m.
Tours by appointment
Book Your Tour!
Admission Prices:
Individual: $12
Students 5-17: $7
Children under 5: free
Contact us for more info
Our Commitment to Equity
Handicap Accessibility
Follow Us On Social Media
>
Home
Online Museum Shop
Virtual Exhibits
Abenaki Heritage
Contact us
Support Us!
Events
Legal
Education
Map
© Copyright 2010 Ethan Allen Homestead Museum