http://www.jostens.com/apps/shop/help/shared/privacy_california.asp
Skip to main content
Your California Privacy Rights
Menu
Your California Privacy Rights
Legal Notices
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Sale
Terms Of Use
General Certifications of Conformity
Notifications of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Full Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright & Trademark
Legal Notices
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Sale
Terms Of Use
General Certifications of Conformity
Notifications of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Full Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright & Trademark
California Residents
To submit an “Access My Information” or “Delete My Information” request, click below. If you’d prefer to submit your request via phone, please call us.
If you are looking to opt-out of Jostens marketing emails or texts, you should click Unsubscribe at the bottom of the email or reply “STOP” to the text. Alternatively, you may email your opt-out request to  remove@jostens.com
My Information
1-855-314-8390
Your California Privacy Rights
Effective: January 1, 2020
Last updated: July 15, 2020
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Effective January 1, 2020, if you reside in California, you have the following rights:
Right to Know
You have the right to request us to disclose to you, no more than twice in a 12-month period, certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months period. To exercise this right, you must provide a verifiable consumer request by completing the webform at https://www.jostens.com/legalnotices/ca/ or call us at 1-855-314-8390. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following information for the 12 months preceding your request:
Categories of personal information we have collected about you Categories of sources from which we collected the personal information
Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information
Categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information
Specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
Categories of personal information about you that we have collected and sold, and categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold
Categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed for a business purpose
Right to Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information. To exercise this right, you must provide a verifiable consumer request by either completing the webform at https://www.jostens.com/legalnotices/ca/ or call us at 1-855-314-8390. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Our Process for Verifying a Request to Know or Delete
If we determine that your request is subject to an exemption or exception, we will notify you of our determination. If we determine that your request is not subject to an exemption or exception, we will comply with your request upon verification of your identity and, to the extent applicable, the identity of the California resident on whose behalf you are making such request. We will verify your identity either to a “reasonable degree of certainty” or a “reasonably high degree of certainty” depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and the risk of harm to you by unauthorized disclosure or deletion as applicable.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales
You have the right to opt out of our sale of your personal information. We may sell your personal information within the meaning of CCPA. Under the CCPA, “sell” means sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. The law contains exceptions to this definition which may limit how we respond to your direction. To exercise your rights click here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information go to the cookie policy on our Privacy Policy or call us at 1-855-314-8390.
Notwithstanding the above right to direct us not to sell your personal information, we cannot sell your personal information, if you are between 13 and 16 years of age, unless you have affirmatively authorized the sale of your personal information. To exercise this right to opt in, you will not need to create an account.
We do not knowingly sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We may not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by CCPA, we will not:
Deny goods or services to you.
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, nothing prohibits us from charging you a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your personal information.
We may offer financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. We may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to you if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to us by your personal information.
To the extent that anything in this Supplement for California Residents conflicts with our Privacy Policy, this Supplement for California Residents shall govern.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a request on behalf of a California resident, please submit the request through one of the designated methods discussed above.  After submitting the request, we will require additional information to verify your authority to act on behalf of the California resident.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We currently collect and, in the 12 months prior to the Last Updated date of this policy, have collected the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (i.e. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Personal Information described in the California Customer Records Statute (i.e. name, mailing address, phone number, signature, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (i.e. age, gender)
Commercial Information (i.e. products or services purchased or considered, purchase history)
Biometric data (i.e. photographs)
Internet or other electronic network activity (i.e. browser or search history)
Professional or employment information
Geolocation data (i.e. latitude or longitude)
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (i.e. recording of customer service calls)
Non-public Education Information
Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
to take, verify, process and deliver your order, process or obtain payment, verify your tax or tax exempt status, contest chargebacks, and determine your credit eligibility
to send you notices from time to time relating to your account, your purchases and orders
to determine your geographical location for compliance, security, anti-piracy, and fraud prevention purposes
to provide you, to the extent permitted by applicable law, with a personalized shopping experience
for warranty, technical support or similar purposes
to establish an account for future purchases by you
to facilitate subscription renewals
to provide you with effective customer service (which to the extent and in a manner permitted by applicable law includes contacting users in connection with their use, or ceasing to use or abandoning a transaction through a website, application, widget, service, and interactive property on which this policy appears (each, a “Property”)) and/or technical support
to assist you in locating your school while using some of our Properties
to provide, manage, improve, personalize and support your use of a Property, our products and services, and/or the services of our customers and partners
to improve a Property, the customer and consumer experience, and our products and services
for fraud prevention purposes, such as device fingerprinting
to identify actions or transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing, channel partner, or referral program
to deliver targeted advertisements on a Property and other websites and/or commerce solutions
to provide reporting to our current and prospective partners and service providers
for other historical, statistical or research and analysis purposes
to create and promote products and services for schools (i.e., advertising materials for schools to purchase our products)
for marketing analysis, quality improvement and to provide you with customized content and offers
for administering prize promotions, offers and events
to comply with legal requirements, law enforcement and business transactions
Categories of Sources from Which Personal Information is Collected
You; Schools; Affiliates; Advertising/Marketing providers; Analytics providers; Social media platforms; Publicly available databases
Categories of Third Parties with Which Jostens Has Shared Personal Information in the Past 12 Months
Advertising/Marketing providers: name, mailing address, email address, phone number
Affiliates: name, mailing address, email address, phone number
Analytics providers: browser or search history
Business partners (entities that manufacture products for Jostens,, independent sales representatives): name, mailing address, email address, phone, photographs
Customer relationship management platforms: name, mailing address, email address, phone number, products or services purchased, purchase history
Law enforcement/government officials: name, mailing address, email address, phone number, products or services purchased, purchase history
Payment processors: name, mailing address, credit/debit card information
Social media platforms: name, mailing address, email address
Categories of Personal Information Sold in the Past 12 Months
Internet or another electronic network activity (i.e., cookies)
Removal of Posted Information by Minors
Under California law, Jostens’ customers who are California residents under 18 and are registered users of a Property can remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information posted by the customer on this Property. Certain Properties offer functionality to remove posted content. If functionality to remove posted content is not available, California residents under 18 can request the removal of posted content and information by emailing remove@jostens.com with "California Minor Content Removal Request" in the subject line and in the body of your message. Please specify in your request the Property to which your request relates and the specific information or content you posted for which you are requesting removal. Please note that the removal of content and information does not ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the posted content or information.
Information Shared with Third Parties for Their Direct Marketing Purposes
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, Jostens customers who are California residents can request certain information once per calendar year regarding the types of information shared by Jostens with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and the identities of those third parties. If you are a California resident, email requests to privacy@jostens.com with "California Privacy Information Request" in the subject line and in the body of your message. Please also specify in your request the Jostens company to which your request pertains, otherwise we will treat your request as pertaining to Jostens, Inc. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Accessibility
We are committed to ensuring this policy is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you wish to access this policy in an alternative format, please contact us as described below. Please also see our Accessibility Statement available here.
Privacy Policy
Click here to read our Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
To contact us for questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices please email us at privacy@jostens.com or call us at 1-855-314-8390.
Find My School/Group
Select my school/group to view custom products and pricing.
School/Group Name
City
State
Country
Showing 0-0 of 0 results
Can't find your school/group?
Try this:
Try using fewer words. Use "Jefferson" instead of "Jefferson High School" or "Thomas" instead of "St. Thomas."
If you're still not able to find your school/group, please contact Customer Service.
For international schools, please select your country here.
Please note: If your school or group has closed, you will not be able to locate it on our website.
Back
Next
Remove School Affiliation
Search
Search Query
Search
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.