http://www.seas.harvard.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Academics
Faculty & Research
News & Events
Offices & Services
About Us
Information For
Alumni
Industry Partners & Recruiters
Prospective Students
Shortcuts
Employment & Jobs
Visit Us
Make a Gift
Search
Read the latest updates on coronavirus from Harvard University. For SEAS specific-updates, please visit SEAS & FAS Division of Science: Coronavirus FAQs
Offices & Services
Office of Communications
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.seas.harvard.edu.
What information do we gather about you?
We collect information from you when you access www.seas.harvard.edu.
What do we use your information for?
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website by identifying (1) which parts of our site are most heavily used, and (2) which portion of our audience comes from within the Harvard network. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous.
Any email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
User information may be shared with third-party partners to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users. Any third parties who receive user information for this purpose are prohibited from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services to users.
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
Device Information Collected By Us
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access www.seas.harvard.edu, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language or other information of this nature. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to www.seas.harvard.edu. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Third-Party Cookies
Cookies may be set by an organization other than www.seas.harvard.edu. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or other social media services for which www.seas.harvard.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
You may disable cookies through your individual browser options.
Links to Third-Party Websites
We may provide hyperlinks to third-party websites as a convenience to users of www.seas.harvard.edu. www.seas.harvard.edu does not control third-party websites and is not responsible for the contents of any linked-to, third-party websites or any hyperlink in a linked-to website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites.
Email Policy
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
User Generated Content (Including Comments and Profiles)
We may offer, now or in the future, offer the option to participate in discussions through www.seas.harvard.edu, including submitting comments and replies on selected pages. Any information you disclose in your submission of comments, including name, email, website, and the comment itself is property of Harvard University and visible on internal servers. Additionally, information regarding name and comments shall be public the site once a comment or reply is approved for submission on the website. Comment approval is up to the discretion and approval of SEAS moderators.
SEAS reserves the right to reject or remove thereafter any content from appearing on its site.
User Generated Content Terms of Use
You shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish on to the www.seas.harvard.edu site  any libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or otherwise illegal material; any comment deemed to contain any of the above following. You agree that you will not deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages or "spam.” You agree not to use language that abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual preference, age, region, disability, etc. You may not impersonate another user or a SEAS staff member by choosing a similar screen name. You must disclose conflicts of interest. Any comments deemed containing the above will not be approved for distribution or, if approved, will removed thereafter.
You acknowledge that any submissions you make to the Services (i.e., user-generated comments (each, a "Submission") may be edited, removed, modified, published, and displayed on the www.seas.harvard.edu site and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. Submissions made to the Services may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs and made available for republishing through other formats.
SEAS reserves the right to delete, move, or edit Submissions that it deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
By making a Submission, you are consenting to its display and publication on the Site and in the Services and for related online uses.
When you share or recommend (with or without adding your own comments) any articles or content from the Services to your Facebook, Twitter, or Google+ profile, that action is governed by their respective Privacy Policies.
Information Protection
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information we gather about you, we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
EEA Privacy Disclosures
The EEA privacy disclosures provide information about the collection, use, processing and sharing of data about individuals located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the “European Economic Area” or “EEA”).
Main navigation
Information For