http://www.defiance.edu/policies/privacy-policy.html
Defiance College Privacy Policy This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of our online information practices and how the information we obtain is used.
Anonymous Information Defiance College and institutionally-authorized providers of services may automatically collect anonymous data from website visitors.  The data may include, but is not limited to, visitor operating system, internet browser, and page visits.  Defiance College retains this information for research and enhancements.  Defiance College reserves the right to store, disclose, and use non-personally identifiable data without limitation. Some non-personally identifiable information may become identifiable when a visitor voluntarily shares personal information with Defiance College or to an institutionally-authorized provider of services to the College.  This combined information is intended to be used to improve the experience with Defiance College.
Personal Information Defiance College does not require you to provide personal information to visit our website; however, you may choose to provide us with personal information to help us serve your needs through an online form, survey, chat message, email, etc.  Some areas of the Defiance College website may require that you provide personally identifiable information in order to participate.  Defiance College intends to use any information that is personally identifiable to better supply information and services.
Cookies To enhance and personalize your experience, some of our webpages use cookies.  Cookies are text files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive to store your preferences.  When using cookies, we do not store personally identifiable information within the cookie.  Some Defiance College services may not work properly if cookies are disabled. Parts of the Defiance College website use Google Analytics and a chat service called Provide Support.  Both use cookies to collect anonymous traffic data.  By using the Defiance College website, you consent to the processing of data by these providers.  You may visit their websites for their privacy practices.
Third-Party Disclosure Personal information collected on the Defiance College website is not disclosed to third parties unless the third party is an institutionally-authorized provider of services to the College and/or it is reasonably necessary to comply with law. Defiance College may engage other companies or vendors to perform some services to aid us in gathering data or distributing information.  Users of these services are subject to the privacy practices established by the third party provider.
Links to Other Sites Some of our webpages may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different than our own.  Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy practices as we have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties.
Information Collected When You Make a Credit Card Bill Payment If you visit this website to make a credit card payment, Defiance College will provide a data entry screen that transmits your credit card information to the website of PayPal or iCheckGateway.  Both are credit card service providers to process the transaction.  Defiance College will not receive any of your non-public, personal information.  The credit card service provider "PayPal" or “iCheckGateway” will forward to Defiance College only that information necessary for Defiance College to properly credit the payment to your account.  For more information about PayPal’s or iCheckGateway's treatment of your non-public personal information, see the privacy and other policies displayed on the PayPal or iCheckGateway websites.
How Defiance College Protects Your Information We have put in place appropriate software, hardware, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Notification of Policy Changes Defiance College reserves the right to change the web privacy policy at any time.  Such changes will be posted on the website and will become effective upon posting.
Contact Defiance College If you have any questions or comments regarding the Defiance College privacy policy, or if you want to update any personal information you may have provided to us, you may email webmaster@defiance.edu or write: Defiance College, 701 N. Clinton Street, Defiance, OH 43512.
Policy updated 8/21/2019
©©