http://www.universityjobs.com/site/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
Job Seekers
Employers
My UJobs Account
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We, at AmeriCareers.com LLC which owns and operates the web site UniversityJobs.com, take privacy issue very seriously. We are committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. The AmeriCareers' Web Sites may contain links to other Web sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. In most cases, we do not require users to provide personal information in order to use our web sites. However, personal information such as name, email address,  street address and other personal information may be collected for certain services provided by us. We use the information we gather on our Web Sites, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Web Sites, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, except for such situations
that we may allow the authorized employers or recruiters to review job seekers' resumes, etc. if job seekers have chosen to let their resumes be searchable and viewable by employers and recruiters.
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. When you create an account or login to your accoun on AmeriCareers' Web Sites, your
information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your
information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted.
Our Web Sites use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on the pages of our web sites.
We will make its best efforts to protect users' privacy. If you have any concerns, please contact us.