http://www.mghihp.edu/about-us/policies-and-committees
Skip to main content
PEBT
A- A A+
add this page
Add
Policies and Committees
MGH Institute Policies
To ensure a professional and ethical learning environment, all members of the IHP community abide by certain standards of behavior. The following policies make explicit our commitment to shared values. The Catalog contains additional policies related to student behavior.
Human Resources Policies & Procedures Intranet
Human Resources maintains a list of policies that are specific to your employment at the MGH Institute of Professions, available on the intranet.
Title IX/Non-Discrimination
MGH Institute of Health Professions is committed to creating and maintaining a community in which all its members including students, faculty, staff and visitors can live and work together in an environment free from discrimination.
Faculty Handbook
The Faculty Handbook provides information regarding policies, descriptions for dealing with academic operations and organization, faculty roles and responsibilities, and the shared governance model.
Academic Integrity
You are responsible for reporting breaches of intellectual honesty, whether observed in a student or colleague. Let a department administrator as well as the Office of Student and Alumni Services know about the violation. The Catalog defines four categories of academic dishonesty.
Accessibility Resources
It is the responsibility of the student with a qualified disability to request accommodation from the Office of Student and Alumni Services (OSAS) in a timely manner. Once OSAS approves a student request, the staff will work with you to make a reasonable effort to provide adjustments and aids to allow the student equal access to the course.
Go Green
As part of the Institute’s commitment to minimizing environmental harm on human health, faculty should consider making readings available electronically and turning off lights and equipment after use.
Copyright
Every instructor is responsible for abiding by federal law in reproducing and distributing protected material. The Institute librarian has prepared a guide on how to comply with legal requirements.
FERPA
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords students the right to review their student records and to restrict release of personal information.
Latex Allergy Statement and Policy
This policy is to provide an environment that is as latex-free as possible for employees and students. This policy is on the MGH Institute Intranet.
Soliciting, Directing and Stewarding Charitable Contributions to MGH Institute of Health Professions Policy
This policy is on the MGH Institute Intranet. Please review and comply with this important policy regarding soliciting, directing and stewarding charitable contributions to the MGH Institute. This policy is consistent with MGH and Partners HealthCare policies.
Solicitation and Distribution Policy
Please review and comply with this important policy regarding soliciting or distributing fundraising appeals or materials to employees or students. This policy is consistent with MGH and Partners HealthCare policies. This policy is on the MGH Institute Intranet.
Web Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to describe how Partners HealthCare System, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Partners”) collects, uses and shares information about you through this website (the “Site”).
Committees
See Councils for a list of councils aat the MGH Institute.
Faculty Senate Desire2Learn Site
All members of the Faculty have the right and privilege of attending all Faculty Senate meetings. For further information on faculty governance please refer to Section 2 of the Faculty Handbook.
Academic Council and Academic Committees
The Academic Council is the primary coordinating body and leadership group for all of the academic programs and functions of the Institute. A number of key academic committees advise the Academic Council and the Office of the Provost.