http://www.allaboutvision.com/terms.htm
Home » AllAboutVision.com Privacy Information
Terms of Use
By All About Vision
AAV Media, LLC, a Dallas, Texas-based company, provides AllAboutVision.com for the purposes of information, education and communication. Your access to and use of this
website are subject to the following: This website is designed to
provide general information about vision, vision care and vision
correction. It is not intended to provide medical advice. If you suspect that you have a vision problem or a condition that requires attention, consult an eye doctor or other appropriate eye care professional as soon as possible for advice on the treatment of your own specific condition and for your own particular needs.(1)
Our goal is to ensure that the information on this website is accurate
and up-to-date, but AAV Media, LLC, and its affiliates and contractors
make no representations, warranties or assurances (expressed or implied)
as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of such information.We
shall not be liable for any damage or injury that may arise from the
use of or reliance upon any information provided on this website or from
your inability to access the website. We assume no responsibility and
shall not be liable for any damage or injury to you, your computer or
other personal property including, but not limited to, damages caused by
viruses that infect your computer equipment or other property on
account of your access to our website or from your downloading of any
materials, data, text, images, video or audio or other items from the
website.(2) Some links in this website may lead
to websites that are not under our control. When you visit any of those
websites, you will leave our website and we will accept no
responsibility or liability in respect of the material or any website
that is not under our control. Some external sites are not endorsed by us,
and we make no representation or warranty as to the content contained in
any such external website.(3) These terms of
use and your use of the website shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of Texas. If any provision of
these terms of use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason
unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed void but shall not affect
the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.(4)
We hereby authorize you to copy materials published on this website for
your non-commercial, private use only, provided any copy of these
materials that you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary
notices and disclaimers contained herein.(5)
This website is provided as a service to our visitors. We reserve the
right to delete, modify or supplement the content of this website at any
time for any reason without notification to anyone.(6) Please view our Privacy Statement for information as to how we collect and use information collected or received through this website.(7) Copyright Information:
All content of this website is owned by AAV Media, LLC, or is used with
specific permission granted by the rights holder, and is protected by
applicable copyright laws worldwide.(8) Reproduction of Images and Other Copyrighted Material.
As with any image, possession of a copy of a digitalized image does not
give unrestricted rights to use it. The copyright of an image is
generally owned by the creator, and only the copyright owner, or the
owner's legal representative, can grant permission to copy, distribute
or publicly display the image.It is illegal to reproduce
photographs taken by a professional photographer or other copyrighted
material without the permission of the copyright owner.The
copyrights of the images and other material on this website are owned by
us or the individual photographers or artists who have authorized their
use on this website.Other images and information may be
downloaded, reprinted and reproduced for non-commercial, private
purposes. Other images and information may not be manipulated or altered
without our express permission or the express permission of the
photographer or artist.For additional information on our copyrights, please read our copyright infringement policy.
(9) Trademark Information: Ownership of Trademarks and Service Marks
® / TM denote registered
trademarks and or service marks of AAV Media, LLC, unless otherwise
indicated. These trademarks as well as the trade name, service marks,
trade dress and products ("Intellectual Property") contained on this
website are protected in the United States and internationally. Except
to accurately identify our products or services, no use of any of the
intellectual property may be made without our prior express written
authorization. Our marks referred to on this website are: All About
Vision® and AllAboutVision.com®.
Page updated June 2019
Schedule an exam
Find Eye Doctor
Hot Topics
Night driving glasses: Help or hoax?
Improve your driving at night: With tips on glasses and lenses
Are polarized sunglasses good for night driving
Dominant eye test: How to find your dominant eye
How to buy contact lenses online