http://www.stevenstech.org/privacy-policy
ApplyVirtual VisitRequestCOVID Updates
About
Fast Facts
Value Proposition
Mission & Core Values
Institutional Performance Measures
College Calendar
Stay Connected
Directory
President's Office
Board of Trustees
Resources
Department of Security
Inclement Weather/Emergency Closing Information
Middle States Commission on Higher Education
Crime Statistics
Employment Listings
Events
Title IX
Consumer Information
Accreditation
K-12 Programs
STEM in Gear
Summer At Stevens
Employment
Admissions
Apply
File Upload
Pay Application Fee
MyStevens Applicant Portal
Visit
Directions to Thaddeus Stevens College
Where to Stay
Campus Map
Financial Aid
Applying for Financial Aid
Tuition and Fees
Grants & Scholarships
Loans
Academic Progress
Veterans information
FERPA Information
Financial Aid FAQs
Withdrawing and Your Financial Aid
CARES Act Funding
Early Enrollment
Early Enrollment Information Sessions
Early Enrollment Counselor/Parent Resources
Early Enrollment Presentation
Early Enrollment Reference Form- Teacher
Early Enrollment Reference Form- Counselor
Admissions Staff
Academics
Associate Degrees
Architectural Technology
Automotive Technology
Business Administration
Cabinetmaking & Wood Technology
Carpentry Technology
Collision Repair Technology
Computer Integrated Machining
Computer & Network Systems Administration
Computer Software Engineering Technology
Electrical Technology
Electro-Mechanical Technology
Electronic Engineering Technology
Engineering CAD Technology
Graphic Communications & Printing Technology
Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning - Refrigeration
Masonry Construction Technology
Mechanical Engineering Technology
Metals Fabrication & Welding Technology
Plumbing Technology
Residential Remodeling
Water & Environmental Technology
Welding Technology
Certificate Programs
Metalcasting Technology and Manufacturing Management
Electrical Construction and Maintenance
General Machine Certificate
Masonry Construction Certificate
Welding Technology Certificate
Short-Term Programs/Skill Up Fast
Skill Up Fast
Registrar
Student Withdrawal
Transfer Information
Learning Resources Center
Donated Materials
Online Resources
Library Policy
Learning Resources Center Staff
Archives
Library Guides
Academic Support
Academic Center
Counseling & Disability Services
Course Catalog
Campus Life
Residence Life
Community Living Guide
What to Bring?
Student Life
PSECU
Diversity & Inclusion Office
Student Employment
Student Government
Student Organizations
Athletics
Directions
Campus Map
Food Services
Health Services
Counseling & Accessibility Services
Campus Recreation
Multipurpose Activity Center
Schwalm Student Center
Women's Center
Intramural Sports
Career Services
Internship Information
Additional Job Search Websites
Job Fairs / Career Events
Perkins CTE Follow Up Survey
Learning Resources Center
Donate Materials
Online Resources
Library Policy
Learning Resources Center Staff
Archives
Library Guides
House of Champ Store
Give to TSCT
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Annual Fund
Annual Report
Corporate Partners, Foundations & Grants
Establishing a Scholarship
Skills USA Sponsorship
Foundation Board of Directors
Contact the Office of Advancement
EITC Tax Credit
Privacy PolicyProtecting your privacy
Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology (TSCT) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. During your visit to our website, we may collect and store some technical information, such as the domain name of your Internet provider, which pages you visit, and the time and duration of your stay. This information is used solely to provide us with a better understanding of how our website is being used and to help us make it more useful to visitors like you. It is never used to identify you.
What do we use your information for?
The collection of this information is intended to help TSCT deliver efficient and useful service, and it may be used by TSCT to analyze trends, create summary statistics for determining technical design specifications, and to otherwise aid in monitoring system performance. TSCT will exercise reasonable care to release such information only if legally mandated by law enforcement investigators, required by court proceedings, or deemed necessary to internal investigations of violations of TSCT rules and regulations.
TSCT will not sell, swap, rent, or otherwise disclose for commercial purposes, information regarding the behavior, habits, or demographics of those who use www.stevenscollege.edu. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you provide it.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive and/or credit card information is transmitted via secure socket layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database. TSCT does not store credit card numbers on its servers. Credit card numbers are processed through a third-party vendor for payment and that third party is totally PCI compliant.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to commercial interests your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating stevenscollege.edu, conducting our routine business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to other Web sites. Provision of those links from stevenscollege.edu does not imply endorsement or credibility of the service, information, or product offered through the linked sites. Those sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of stevenscollege.edu and welcome any feedback about these third-party sites.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy
TSCT is bound by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) regarding the release of student education records and, in the event of conflict with this policy, FERPA will govern. A guide to understanding FERPA is available in the office of the Registrar.
Privacy in general
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the entire Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology Web site, www.stevenscollege.edu, and the college's presence on social media sites, including but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter. However, this policy applies only to information collected through stevenscollege.edu and the college's social media sites, and not to information collected offline.
TSCT takes reasonable precautions to maintain the privacy and security of personal information disclosed to us. We cannot guarantee that these efforts will always be successful and, therefore, users must assume the risk of a breach of TSCT privacy and security systems. We cannot guarantee that this information will remain secure and are not responsible for any loss or theft of your information. Individuals are advised to be discreet and cautious in their use of our systems.
This Privacy Policy is reviewed periodically and may be modified at the discretion of TSCT. Any such changes will be posted on this site.
Website Privacy Policy
Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information submitted by employees, students, and visitors to our website. We do not actively share, sell, rent or market the personal information gathered to third parties. However, because Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology is a public corporation and government instrumentality, some information collected from the Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology website may be subject to release under the Commonwealth's Open Records Law, 65 Pa.C.S. Sections 67.101 -67.3104. Thus, in some cases the College may be required under the Open Records Law to release information gathered from our Web servers.
Policy for Responsible Use
Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology recognizes the importance of information technology to the mission of a modern college. These electronic resources provide vital communication links among faculty, students and staff. They are infused into the curriculum and provide expanded opportunities for accessing instruction and information. These resources facilitate research and scholarly endeavors, and they aid collaboration within and beyond the borders of the campus. Information technology permits the College to provide its services to faculty, students, staff, and the community and to streamline administrative processes. Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology makes electronic resources available to faculty, staff and students for the purpose of conducting official College business, including academic scholarship and research purposes.
Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology's expectation of responsible, considerate, and ethical behavior extends to cover the use of campus microcomputers and workstations, departmental computing facilities, general-use computers, campus network resources, video conferencing, fax, telephone, cable TV, and networks throughout the world to which the College provides computer access. Use of College resources must comply with State and Federal law and College policies.
This policy covers all electronic media, including but not limited to: campus and State System of Higher Education networks, central and distributed computing facilities, voice and video networks and systems, electronic mail, listserv and mailing list discussion groups, Internet and world wide web access, and electronic records stored on either servers or systems under the control of an individual or the college.
Uses of public electronic resources (such as computer labs) other than for these purposes is not permitted. Occasional and limited personal use of electronic resources for telephone, voice mail, e-mail or Internet access is expected but this privilege can be withdrawn by the College for any use or application that the College at its sole discretion deems inappropriate. If the non-business usage of any information service results in a direct cost to the college for any reason, it is the individual's responsibility to reimburse the College. Any commercial use intended for personal profit or financial gain may be a violation of the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.