http://www.simpson.edu/about-simpson-college/contact-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
facebook icon
twitter icon
youtube icon
Main Navigation - Quick Links 1
Visit
Deposit
Apply
Give
Main Navigation - Quick Links 2
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Search
Search
About
Who We Are
Simpson College serves the diverse communities of the Midwest and the nation by providing academic and co-curricular programs designed to educate students of all ages and backgrounds.
Learn More
Mission & Philosophy
Why Simpson?
History & Traditions
Maps and Locations
Contact Us
President
Our Campuses
Faculty & Staff
Offices & Resources
Simpson At A Glance
National Rankings
Admissions & Aid
Join the Storm
Learn about our social scene through current students, grab lunch or coffee with a professor or a coach and pencil out financial aid with our experts.
Schedule a Visit
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
International Students
Adult Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Veterans
Admitted Students
Tuition & Aid
Adult Undergraduate Financial Aid
Apply
Schedule a Visit
Meet Your Admissions Counselor
Information for Counselors
Each One Reach One Program
Academics
Outstanding
High-quality, active learning environments, dynamic career preparation designed to get you ahead in the job market and a vibrant campus culture makes Simpson the best choice for a degree.
Explore Academics
Majors & Minors
Adult Undergraduate
Graduate Programs
Exploreships™
Our Academic Experience
Beyond the Classroom
Summer Session
Academic Calendar
Academic Departments
President's & Dean's List
Dunn Library
Farnham Galleries
Willis Galleries
Honors Convocation
Campus Life
Do it all at SC
College is about getting involved. At SC you can do it all ... play sports, join intramurals, theatre, music, volunteer, travel ... you name it!
Explore Campus Life
Residence Life
Clubs & Organizations
Campus Dining
Internships & Career Dev.
Engagement & Service
Campus Ministry
Health & Counseling Services
Maps & Parking
Kent Campus Center
Steven Johnson Fitness Center
First-Year Student Information
Student Transportation
Title IX
Campus Safety
Athletics
Alumni & Giving
Strong & Proud
Think back to your favorite professor, the lifelong friends you made and your travel and volunteer experiences. Give those same opportunities to the next generation of Simpson alums.
Give Back
Imagine the Impact
Continue Your Legacy
The Simpson Fund
Each One Reach One Program
Alumni Board of Directors
Whispers from the Maples Alumni Project
Alumni Awards
Alumni Nomination
Honored Benefactors
Annual Report 2018-19
Donor Recognition
Request a Transcript
Update Your Information
Week of Caring 2020
Homecoming & Family Weekend
News & Events
On the Pulse
Be in the know with what is happening at Simpson. Students in the news, exciting events on campus, guest speakers, podcasts ... big things happening every day.
Check it Out
Latest News
Speaking of Simpson: Podcast
Summer Camps
Events Calendar
Simpson Success Stories
Media Contact
Simpson Magazine
Weddings
Venue Rentals & Catering
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Privacy Policy
Last updated 1/26/2017
Home
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Share on
Share on
Extra information about Privacy Policy
Side Navigation (normal)
About Simpson College
About Simpson College
Mission & Philosophy
Accreditation Information
Equity, Inclusion and Diversity
History & Traditions
Our Campuses
President
About
President’s Cabinet
Simpson College Board of Trustees
Past Presidents
Faculty and Staff
Faculty and Staff Accomplishments
Maps and Locations
Offices & Resources
Contact Us
Admission & Aid
Admission & Aid
Apply to Simpson College
Dates & Deadlines
FAQ Test Optional
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
International Students
Evening, Online & Graduate Applications
Military Service Members, Veterans and Dependents
Each One Reach One Program
Meet your Admissions Counselor
Tuition & Aid
Undergraduate Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
How to Apply for Financial Aid
Scholarships, Grants & Awards
Employer Reimbursement
Federal and Private Loans
Work Study Options
Graduate Cost of Attendance
The Simpson Promise
Visit Simpson College
Group Visit Programs
Local Accommodations
Fly-In Program
Student Ambassadors
Campus Map
Admitted Students
Information for Counselors
Academics
Academics
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar 2019-20
Academic Calendar 2020-21
Continuing & Graduate Academic Calendar
Majors & Minors
President's and Dean's List
Departments
Interdisciplinary Studies Program
Pre-Engineering
Department of Biology and Environmental Science
Pre-Health Programs
Department of Business Administration & Economics
Pre-Law
Department of Chemistry
Exploring Ministry
Department of Computer Science
Department of English
Department of History
Department of Mathematics
Department of Multimedia Communications
Department of Music
Department of Philosophy
Department of Physics
Department of Political Science
Department of Psychology
Department of Religion
Department of Sociology & Criminal Justice
Department of Sport Science and Health Education
Department of Teacher Education
Department of Theatre Arts
Department of World Language & Culture Studies
Interdepartmental
Graduate Programs
Masters of Arts in Teaching
Master of Music in Choral Conducting
Graduate Certificate in Justice Leadership
Evening & Online Programs
Accounting - Evening
Marketing Communication - Fully Online
Post-Baccalaureate Certificates
Management - Evening or Fully Online
Computer Information Systems - Evening
Criminal Justice - Evening
Human Services - Evening
Management Information Systems - Evening or Fully Online
Summer Session
Our Academic Experience
Simpson Colloquium
SC Honors
Senior Capstone
Beyond the Classroom
Research
Study Abroad
Speech and Debate
Mock Trial
Centers & Services
Farnham Galleries
Willis Galleries
COVID-19
COVID-19
COVID-19 Plan and Phases Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Student Resources
Campus Community Resources
Zoom Backgrounds
Dunn Library
Dunn Library
Archives & Special Collections
Campus and Facilities History
George Washington Carver
Joseph W. Walt Research Library & College Archives
Alumni and Giving
Alumni and Giving
Each One Reach One Program
Whispers from the Maples
Whispers from the Maples FAQ
Imagine the Impact
Annual Report 2018 - 2019
Continue Your Legacy
Homecoming & Family Weekend
The Simpson Fund
Alumni Awards
The Honor Roll of the Names That Live at Simpson
Alumni Board of Directors
Alumni Nomination
Donor Recognition
Honored Benefactors
Update Your Information
Request a Transcript
United as ONE: Simpson's Week of Caring 2020
Campus Life
Campus Life
Residence Life
First-Year Halls
Residence Life Involvement
Move-In Information
Gender Inclusive Housing
To Bring or Not to Bring?
Campus Linens
Upper-Division Options
Student Clubs & Organizations
Student Government Association
Campus Activities Board
Fraternity & Sorority Chapters
Intramurals
Shooting Sports Club
Diversity and Inclusion
Campus Dining
Internships & Career Development
Internships
Services for Employers
Community Engagement & Service
Campus Ministry
Religious Life Community
Smith Chapel/Holy Grounds
Worship Opportunities
Interfaith programs
Formation
Exploring Ministry
Simpson Youth Academy
Kent Campus Center
Steven Johnson Fitness Center
Health & Counseling Services
Counseling Frequently Asked Questions
Medical Providers
Maps & Parking
Transportation Available to Students
Title IX
Bystander Intervention
FERPA Information
Report It
Resources
Title IX Staff Training
First-Year Student Information
First-Year Simpson Colloquium - SC 101
Simpson Orientation, Advising, & Registration (SOAR)
Welcome Week
Campus Safety
Annual Fire Report
Report an Incident
Athletics
News and Events
News and Events
Latest News
Simpson wins 2018 Iowa Voting Challenge
Jackson Katz to deliver annual McBride Lecture
A Tap, Then an Honor: 26 Simpson Students Join Omicron Delta Kappa
Annual Matthew Simpson Lecture to Feature Amy Laura Hall
Simpson College elects new members to Board of Trustees
Speaking of Simpson Podcast
Summer Camps
SC Humanities Camp
Events Calendar
Simpson Success Stories
Media Contact
Simpson Magazine
Weddings
Wedding Information and Guidelines
Venue Rentals and Catering
Catering
Receptions
Simpson College (“The College” or “we/our/us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy refers to the gathering, storing, processing, use, and disclosure practices for the domains (the “Sites”) owned by The College, including: simpson.edu; choose.simpson.edu; recruit.simpson.edu, and simpsonathletics.com.
By accessing or using the Sites, you are consenting to the application of this Privacy Policy to your Personal Information.  This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Sites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to your Personal Information that Simpson College collects from you through the Sites. It does not apply to information that The College or The College’s affiliates may collect from you through any other means, or to information collected by third parties that may link to or be accessible from the Sites.
Information Collected by The College
While you use the Sites, The College may collect information from you or about you using various methods, including:
Personal Information that you willingly provide by filling out forms within the Sites. Some of the forms include, but are not limited to, online applications for admission, information requests, contests and event registrations;
Records and copies of your correspondence through the Sites with us; and
Information about your use of the Sites, which is collected automatically as you navigate through the Sites.
Using the methods described above, we collect several types of information from or about you:
Information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, employer name, graduation year, high school, and any other information by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personal Information”);
Information that relates to you or your activities but that does not identify you as an individual; and
Information about the equipment you use to access our Sites.
Information Collected Automatically
As you navigate through and interact with the Sites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information, including (i) details of your use, including traffic data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use and (ii) information about your computer, including your operating system, IP address, and other data.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies. A cookie is a small and common file placed on your device. At any point you may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your device. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to use certain features of our Sites.
Third parties’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. Third parties do not have access to our cookies.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you, including any Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To provide, enhance, improve and develop our Sites and our services, including measuring and improving the Sites’ content and layout;
To provide you with information or services that you request from us;
To resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
To prevent potentially unsafe, prohibited, or illegal activities and enforce this Privacy Policy and any applicable licensing agreements between The College and relevant third parties and any terms and conditions associated therewith;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts related to the Sites and entered into between you and us;
To notify you about changes to our Sites or any services that we offer;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information;
To support maintenance operations for the Sites or for the purpose of diagnosing/resolving any problems that might limit/disrupt the quality of users’ experience;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
Use of Your Information to Communicate with You
We may use your Personal Information to respond to communications from you.  This may include e-mail, text messages, and other forms of communication.  In certain cases, you may be able to opt out of receiving such communications via using the opt-out mechanism within certain emails, or by contacting us via phone, email or postal mail. Contact information is provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
How Information is Shared
We respect your privacy and will never sell your Personal Information to an outside source.  However, there are certain instances where we may professionally disclose information, including Personal Information, that we collect from or about you on the Sites:
To our affiliates;
To Service Providers, such as contractors, consultants and other agents that provide assistance to our business and the operation and maintenance of the Sites.
Service Providers with whom we share such information, unless we tell you differently, do not have any right to use the information we share with them beyond the scope and duration of what is necessary to assist us;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
For any purpose with your consent.
For example, we may share your information with third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information.; and
As required by law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Privacy Policy, we also reserve the right to access, preserve, use and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole discretion:
(i) to respond to legal requirements, including complying with any court order, law or legal process and responding to any government or regulatory request, including responding to law enforcement or other government officials in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity;
(ii) to enforce or apply our policies and agreements;
(iii) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, trust and safety or technical issues; or
(iv) to protect the rights, property, health or safety of The College, our users, any third parties or the public in general.
We may also create aggregate information about our users and their use of the Sites, which information does not identify any particular user. We use this aggregated information to monitor and improve our products and services. We also may disclose this anonymized, aggregated information to people and entities with whom we do business and to market our products and services.
Credit Card Information
When necessary for payments related to your use of the Sites, your credit card information will be collected and processed outside of the Sites, by a third-party payment processor. This Privacy Policy does not govern the practices of third-party payment processors, and, if you disclose your information to a third-party payment processor, different rules may apply to its use and disclosure of the information you disclose to such third-party payment processor. You acknowledge that if you provide information to third-party payment processors, that information will be subject to their user agreements, terms and conditions of sale, privacy policies and other applicable policies and agreements, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the policies of third-party payment processors.
Third Party Services
The College’s Sites may contain third party services, applications or links to outside sources (“Third-Party Services”).  If you elect to access and use Third-Party Services through the Sites, you acknowledge that this Privacy Policy addresses only The College’s collection, use and disclosure of information collected by The College from you through the Sites. It does not apply to the practices of Third-Parties Services that we do not own, control, employ or manage. If you disclose your information to a Third-Party Service, including through the Sites, the information disclosed will be subject to the privacy policies and user agreements associated with those Third-Party Services. We are not responsible for the content, user agreements or privacy policies of Third-Party Services.
These Third-Party Services may also use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
Children
Our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. No one under the age of 13 may provide any information to the Site, including, for example, a name, telephone number or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Security
Unfortunately, information transmitted through the internet or other communication networks may not be completely secure, and third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Although we work hard to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information or that your Personal Information or private communications always will remain private. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk, and we are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained within the Sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Privacy Policy on this page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this Privacy Policy. All amended terms automatically take effect after they are initially posted on this page, unless a change in any applicable law requires immediate amendment. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Policy for any changes.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Sites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using one of the methods below
Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Simpson College’s Office of Marketing and Public Relations at:
Phone: 515-961-1606
Email: success@simpson.edu
Postal Address: Simpson College, Office of Marketing and Public Relations, 701 North C Street, Indianola, IA 50125