http://www.ucwv.edu/privacy-practices/
Home/Privacy Practices
Privacy Practices
About these Terms and Conditions
You are reading the terms and conditions for use of the University of Charleston’s “UC” official website “Site”. We reserve the right to make changes to these terms and conditions from time to time which will take effect from the date of posting such changes on the Site. Your continued use of the Site will mark your acceptance of any changes to the terms and conditions. These terms and conditions were last updated on March 18, 2013.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience with the University – (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service – (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process transactions – Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.ucwv.edu
2300 MacCorkle Ave SE
Charleston, WV 25304
United States
communications@ucwv.edu
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
The Site information is provided “as is” and we make no representation, endorsement or warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. We will not be liable for any action taken (or not taken) in reliance upon the Site information and such action is taken entirely at your own risk. We reserve the right to make changes to the Site information to correct any errors or omissions (at our discretion) without notice and without liability to you.
Information you provide on the Site will be shared only with individuals within the UC community who need to know it in order to respond to your request, to provide services and to carry out university business.
External websites to which we provide hypertext links are not under our control and we take no responsibility and shall not be liable in any way for their content.
Provision of Services by Third Parties
Some of the pages that form part of the Site may make use of technologies and/or applications that are provided and/or hosted by third parties. When you make use of such technologies and applications, your information may be transmitted for processing to servers other than those that host the Site and which are not within our control. The university is not responsible for any liability arising from any loss or damage you may sustain as a result of such transmission or processing. We make no representation, endorsement or warranty about the accuracy of information that appears on the Site that originated from third parties as a result of processing by, third parties.
Non-Discrimination Policy Statement
The University of Charleston does not discriminate against any person because of any protected class or characteristic including, but not limited to, a person’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status in administration of its educational policies, scholarship and loan programs, admissions, employment, athletics, and other school administered programs in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of West Virginia.
The University of Charleston is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Comments and Feedback
Send comments or questions to communications@ucwv.edu .