http://www.conductive-education.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policygrin-adm2018-05-11T08:44:02+00:00
Our information promise
About NICE – Centre for Movement Disorders
NICE is a UK registered charity (no. 295873) dedicated to providing services and training in the field of Conductive Education. CE is based on a belief of human potential where people with neurological motor disorders have the capacity to learn and develop skills through structured teaching and learning programmes designed and delivered by professionally trained conductors.
Our conductors deliver specialised movement based programmes to teach people with disabilities the full range of skills required to promote an active lifestyle thus equipping them with the confidence, personality and motor skills to lead a lifestyle which reflects their abilities and opens up new opportunities for equality and inclusion within society.
Our commitment to you (NICE Privacy Statement)
To enable us to undertake our charitable objectives we collect and use personal information about individuals. We recognise the trust placed in us by individuals whose information we use.
It is important to us that we are open and honest about the way we use information and we are committed to ensuring that we do so in a manner that is both lawful and respects your privacy.
This notice applies to the general public and our supporters, employees, volunteers, students, contractors, and service users.  We have a separate privacy notice for the children, young people and families we support which can be found here.
This privacy notice sets out the details about how we collect, use and look after information (known as processing) and what you can expect from us.
This privacy notice is designed with clarity in mind and does not provide extensive detail of every aspect of how we collect and use your personal information.  You can access request specific details or clarification by contacting us using the contact details in this statement.
Contents
This privacy notice provides details about:
Your rights as an individual
Contacting us about your information.
The information we collect and use
Why we share information about you
How long we keep information about you
Your rights as an individual
We feel it is important that you are aware of your rights as an individual.
The right to be informed – you have the right to be told about how and when your personal information will be used.  Our aim is that this notice, in conjunction with statements on other materials, provides a clear and transparent description of how your information will be used.
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you (this is also known as a ‘Subject Access Request’).
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.  You should be aware we are required to keep most information for a minimum period of time.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have the right to restrict our processing of your information.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing including profiling.  You have the right to ensure decisions about you are not automatically made by a system or technology.
In the first instance you should contact us about your rights and how we use your information. You are entitled to an independent review of our actions should you have a concern or feel we have not respected your rights.
If you feel this is the case you can register your concern with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. Details on how to do so can be found here on their website (https://ico.org.uk/concerns) or by calling 0303 123 1113.
Contacting us about your information
As part of our responsibilities for looking after your information we have appointed a Data Protection Officer. This individual are responsible for ensuring we fulfil our obligations and commitments.
At any time you may contact us about us about any matter relating to your information. To assist us in providing you with the most appropriate response we provide a number of ways you can get in touch as follows:
Reason for contacting NICE
How you can get in touch
For general enquiries or to register a complaint or concern about how we use your information.
Email: foundation@conductive-education.org.uk
Post: Addressed to ‘Data Protection Officer’ at the address below.
Phone: 0121 449 1569 and ask for the Data Protection Officer.
To exercise your rights in relation to:
Accessing  your information
The right to be forgotten
The right to restrict/ object to processing
The right to data portability
Email: foundation@conductive-education.org.uk
Post: Addressed to ‘Data Protection Officer’ at the address below.
You must include sufficient information to let us identify you and details about which rights you are exercising.
To update or change your choice of communications you receive from us.
Email: fundraising@conductive-education.org.uk
Post: Addressed to Fundraising and Marketing Manager at the address below.
Phone: 0121 449 1569
Our address for any correspondence is:
NICE – Centre for Movement Disorders
Cannon Hill House
Russell Road
Moseley
Birmingham
B13 8RD
Please note for any enquiries relating to how we use information in children’s services that you will need to refer to our privacy notice for children and families.
The information about you we collect and use
It is important to us that we inform you about the information we collect and why we collect it.  The information we collect and the reason for collecting it are different for different groups of individuals.
Information can be classed as ‘Regular’ such as your name and address or ‘Sensitive’ such as details about your health.  The list below provides an overview of the types of information we collect and why.
We process information as follows:
Fundraise and promote the interests of the charity:
The generosity of individuals and organisations is essential to funding the vital work we undertake and we view you as part of the NICE family.
We conduct a range of fundraising and marketing activities in relation to:
Our services
Donations made
Events and challenges
Volunteering
We promote our activities though a range of methods and channels, including online and social media platforms.  We use personal information to thank you for supporting us and to provide you with further communications about our activities according to your preferences and interests.
We also ask if you are able to Gift Aid your donations and keep information specifically for this as required by HMRC.
You can update your preferences at any point by contacting us via the details above.
Purpose
Common activities
Digital Identities and Cookies
We use technology to support and assist us in undertaking our work.  We collect information that enables us to manage and secure technology and provide insight about its use as follows:
Cookies that analyse visitors to our website and social media pages.
Cookies that provide social media adverts tailored to you.
Social media advertising programmes e.g. Facebook Custom Audience
Details on how you can manage your cookie settings can be found at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
Administration and Governance
As a charitable organisation we also hold and process data as required by regulatory bodies such as the Charities Commission.  This can include personal information relating to:
Enquiries or complaints about us.
Processing financial transactions, maintaining our accounts and prevention of fraud.
Administering Gift Aid claims.
Anonymised details for measuring equality and diversity of our workforce
Sensitive Information
We do process sensitive information about individuals in a limited manner as follows:
To ensure your health and wellbeing in the workplace or at an event.
As part of monitoring equality and diversity in accordance with existing legislation.
Why we share information about you
We understand that sharing information is a sensitive topic.  We will never sell your information and are committed to being transparent with you about where we legally share information, the reason why and who with.  The list below provides an overview of what information is shared and with who.
We share information for the following reasons:
Personal and financial information for the purposes of payroll and pension management with designated suppliers.
Personal information with professional bodies and regulators in accordance with our statutory obligations.
Personal and financial details about donations for the purpose of Gift Aid claims, audits and anti-fraud legislation are shared with HMRC.
Personal details are shared with designated mailing houses for the purposes of sending printed communications.
Email addresses with providers of social media and email marketing platforms where you have agreed to receive information from us via these channels.
Information about the use of IT systems is shared with technical suppliers for the purposes of support and system administration.
Limited information about your digital identity is used to provide statistical information about the use of our IT systems including website and social media pages.
How long we keep information about you
We only keep information for as long as we are allowed to in accordance with other legislation or relevant regulations.  Once we no longer need to keep your information we remove it from our systems or securely dispose of it and we do this at the end of each financial year.
Staff and volunteer records are kept for ten years after they leave.
Supporter records are kept for ten years after the date of the last donation.
Details about legacies we receive are kept for 12 years and details about legacy pledges are kept indefinitely.
Information about financial transactions including supplier/ customer information is kept for seven years.
Anonymised statistical information about website visitors is kept in accordance with Google’s Analytics data privacy and security policy for analytical purposes.
Notification of changes
This statement may change from time to time, for example, if the law around information changes or for operational purposes.  We advise you to visit this page regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Go to Top