https://www.usna.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Updated: 15 October 2008Thank you for visiting our web site. We take your privacy seriously. We provide this notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make regarding the collection and use of information we collect from you through our web site.Information CollectionTo fulfill your requests for products and service, we may collect certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We may also collect your credit card information and billing address when you provide such information voluntarily to us. We may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you access our site such as the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University's domain); IP address; browser type; screen resolution; Internet connection speed; operating system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked to our site. How We Use the InformationThe information we collect through our web site may be used to satisfy your requests for products and services, process your donations, respond to your inquiries, provide you with more targeted content, and send you information about the Alumni Association & Foundation. We may use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to improve the content and navigation of our site so that it is more useful to visitors. In addition, we may also use the information to contact you regarding changes to our privacy policy or other policies that may affect you and your use of our web site, products and services.We may combine the information we collect with information available from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties.We may use the services of agents and contractors to assist us in providing our products and services. Such agents and contactors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may, from time to time, share certain personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address) with unrelated third parties (e.g., retailers, marketers) to enable them to provide you with opportunities to learn of products or services in which they may be interested. Please see the "Your Choices" section below for more information on how you can express your preferences regarding our sharing of information.We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process (e.g., a court order or a subpoena). We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. In addition, we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another entity. How You Can Access or Correct InformationTo access the information collected about you through this web site or to correct inaccuracies in your contact information or other information, please log onto Online Community (www.usna.com) and go to My Profile, or call membership at 410-295-4000.Your ChoicesAs noted above, we may use the information we collect from you through our web site to offer you products, services, and for other purposes such as delivering targeted content that may be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive future promotional materials from us, you may indicate your preference by updating your profile or by contacting us at 410-295-4000.We may share your information with companies whose practices are not covered by this privacy policy that may want to market products and services of interest to you. If you would like to request that we not share your information, please contact us at 410-295-4000.Links to Other SitesOur site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. We do not have control over the information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected. SecurityWe have reasonable security measures in place to help protect your personally identifiable information collected through our web site. However, we make no guarantees as to the safety or security of any information transmitted to or from this site.UpdatesFrom time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by updating this page. We encourage you to periodically check back to this policy statement to learn what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we share it. Your continued use of this web site after any such changes have been posted constitutes your agreement to those changes. Contact UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us at: onlinecommunity@usna.com.