https://www.ou.edu/marcomm/web-policies/privacypolicy
Skip Navigation
Privacy Policy
OU Homepage
Search OU
The University of Oklahoma
Skip Side Navigation
HomeSourceMediaServicesAboutContact
Marketing and Communications / Web Policies / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The University of Oklahoma is committed to respecting your privacy. External users (this excludes users who are on the University network or University computers such as students, faculty and staff) can visit official OU Web sites without revealing any personal information. Should you choose to provide us with any personal information, it will only be used by The University of Oklahoma to conduct official University business, and personal information obtained through the University’s web sites will not be disseminated to any unaffiliated third party, except as required by law.
Information Gathering
We use IP addresses (the Internet address of your computer) to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Web site. For example, we employ statistical software to identify that parts of our Web site are most heavily used and which portion of our audience comes from within the OU network.
Like many other websites, portions of The University of Oklahoma’s website may use messages given by web browsers to web servers, commonly known as cookies, which can be used to provide You with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to Your browser, which may then be stored on Your computer system. This element of data is a piece of text, not a program. Cookie information that OU collects is from previous visits to University websites. This is to enable the Site to provide more accurate and helpful information to You.
Cookies are also used by the University to manage a form of online advertising called Remarketing. Remarketing is a form of online targeted advertising by which online advertising is targeted to You based on previous Internet actions. Remarketing tags You by setting a cookie in Your browser through a target webpage or email. Once the cookie is set, the advertiser is able to show display ads to You elsewhere on the internet via an ad exchange. Additionally, the university may use Remarketing on the university website to display ads to you. Based upon Your visit to the University’s website, the University may utilize cookie technology to present you with advertisements in an appropriate manner during Your future web browsing (such as sidebar advertisements, based on your interest in the University) and with third-party vendors discussed further below.
Overall, the use of cookies helps to give You a customized experience at the Web site. Through the use of cookies, the University will know what’s working and what’s not. That information is then used to keep our website fresh and relevant to You the user. Cookies also allow the personalization of any online services the University or its third parties may provide to You. The University uses third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may place their own cookies on their websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests, and to determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. The third party partners (and their privacy policy) we share our cookies with for advertising include Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/policy.php), Twitter (https://twitter.com/en/privacy), Evergage (http://www.evergage.com/privacy-policy/), Slate (https://technolutions.com/privacy-policy), Google (https://policies.google.com/?hl=en), Charbeat (https://chartbeat.com/privacy/), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy).
By using the website, you agree to accept cookies sent by the University Website. You can disable this web capability by simply selecting the preferences within Your browser. As noted above, other sites linked to the website may also send cookies; however the University does not control such activities. You may also opt-out of a third party’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page located at this link.
Security
All official OU Web servers have appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and secure all information we collect online. Furthermore, we use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Third Party Hosting
The University may contract with one or more third parties to maintainand host the Web site(s). Therefore, any information You submit, including personal information, may be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third party. Your use of the Web site and any provision of personal information You submit to the Web site constitutes Your acknowledgement that such information or content could pass through and may be stored in servers outside our control. You agree that the University has no liability or responsibility for any such pass through or storage of same.
Third Party Sites
Sites within the OU Web may link to external sites outside of the OUdomain as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave he OU Website. The University of Oklahoma is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and does not make any representations about them.
Copyright
Sites within the OU Web may link to external sites outside of the OU domain as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the OU Web site. The University of Oklahoma is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, and does not make any representations about them.
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action
The University of Oklahoma, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, age, religion, disability, political beliefs, or status as a veteran in any of its policies, practices or procedures. This includes, but is not limited to: admissions, employment, financial aid and educational services. Inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies may be directed to: Bobby J. Mason, University Equal Opportunity Officer and Title IX Coordinator, (405) 325-3546, bjm@ou.edu, or visit www.ou.edu/eoo.
FERPA
The University of Oklahoma complies with all aspects of Public-Law 93-380, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Please click here for information on this privacy act.
Effective Dates and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 2018. The University reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice to this page. Your continued use of the website following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes and this Privacy Policy.
Updated 05/16/19
Marketing and Communications339 W. Boyd St.
Norman, OK 73069
Accessibility
Sustainability
HIPAA
OU Job Search
Policies
Legal Notices
Copyright
Resources & Offices
Updated 5/16/2019 by Marketing and Communications: marcomm@ou.edu