http://www.rockvalleycollege.edu/About/terms.cfm
Rock Valley College > About > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Copyright Notice
No part of this information may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise without the prior, written consent of Rock Valley College.
Disclaimer
This site may contain links which allow you to leave the RVC web site. Any such linked sites are not under the control of RVC and RVC is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. RVC is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by RVC of the linked site.
Since RVC continually evaluates programs and course content, information contained on this website should be interpreted only as an overview, not as a contractual agreement between RVC and the student. RVC reserves the right to cancel classes as it deems necessary and to change curricula without notice.
Privacy Statement
Registration forms on this site, when available, require users to give us contact information (such as name and email address), unique identifiers (social security number), financial information (account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (zip code, age, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our college. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for class and services that have been requested. Demographic, profile data, and unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected for serving our users and state reporting purposes only.  Rock Valley College does not share, sell or give out third party information.
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Rock Valley College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability or unfavorable discharge from military service. This policy governs the recruitment and admission of students, the recruitment and employment of faculty and staff and the operation of any of the college's programs and activities as specified by federal laws and regulations. It is also the policy of Rock Valley College that no student or employee shall be subjected to sexual harassment, which is regarded as a form of discrimination.
Acceptable Use of Information Technology Systems
Rock Valley College maintains Information Technology (IT) systems (voice, video and data hardware and software resources) in support of the Colleges mission. This procedure exists to protect the rights and privileges of the users of the IT systems, to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and to safeguard Rock Valley College and its resources. All Information Technology systems and resources are to be used only in accordance with the rules and procedures identified herein. It is the responsibility of all users of College IT systems to be familiar with, understand and comply with this procedure. Examples are provided for illustrative purposes, but are not necessarily exhaustive.
1.    USAGE
The Rock Valley College Information Technology systems (voice, video and data hardware and software resources) are to be used only by those individuals authorized to do so by approval of the Managing Director of Information Technology or designee. It is the responsibility of all users of College IT systems to safeguard their passwords and their use of such systems. The College reserves the right to regulate the content of, and connections to, its IT systems. Inappropriate use of the Colleges IT systems is prohibited; examples include:
unauthorized use, attempted use, or manipulation of Rock Valley College telephones and telephony systems, including the abuse of dial-up, wireless networks, televisions, microwave or video systems, computers, computer facilities, networks, systems, software programs and systems, or data; and
attempting to thwart or disrupt the operation of College business through manipulation of the security of IT systems.
Usage of the Microwave System should be used in conjunction with the EBS guidelines.
2.    PRIVACY
Users have no expectation of privacy in connection with their use of IT systems, except where a users confidential information or usage is otherwise protected by federal or state law (e.g., FERPA, HIPAA). The College has discretion to monitor use of its IT systems with or without notice to users, consistent with federal or state laws and regulations. Documents, email messages and other files that are deleted by users may nonetheless be archived by the College, which has a right to subsequently retrieve such material, except where protected by federal or state law. Individual users investigating, reading or accessing the private files of other users without appropriate authorization are in violation of privacy guidelines. Examples include:
accessing or attempting to access another user's computer files without permission of the owner or by authorization of ones supervisor; and
supplying or attempting to supply false or misleading information or identification in order to access another user's computer files.
3.    THEFT
Technology-related theft is expressly forbidden.  Examples include:
the unauthorized removal or attempted removal of Rock Valley College information technology resources (hardware, software, data, etc.);  and
copying or attempting to copy data or software without proper authorization by the Office of Information Technology.
4.    VANDALISM
Alteration or attempted alteration of information technology resources, including IT hardware, software, data, or other files, or network destruction or disruption, is considered vandalism. Examples include:
sending mail, files, or programs which will inordinately replicate, inflict viruses, or otherwise do damage to another user's account;
tampering with or obstructing the operation of information technology systems, including attempts to crash systems;
inspecting, modifying, or distributing data or software, or attempting to do so, without proper authorization;
interfering or attempting to interfere with the performance of information technology systems; and
damaging or defacing IT hardware or software.
5.    COPYRIGHT
The redistribution of any software, videography or copyrighted material in electronic format is prohibited, except in the case of material which is clearly marked as being public or freely distributable or material which is covered by the “Fair Use Doctrine”.  Users who redistribute software owned by or licensed to Rock Valley College without authorization from the Office of Information Technology violate agreements with software suppliers, as well as applicable federal copyright, patent and trade secret laws.  Examples include:
copying, transmitting, or disclosing data, software, documentation, or attempting to do so, without proper authorization.
6.    HARASSMENT
All use of College IT systems must conform to all federal and state laws prohibiting workplace harassment (including Title VII, Title IX, and the Illinois Human Rights Act).  Harassment of other users of information technology systems can involve the sending of unsolicited, unwanted or non-work related messages or files, singly or repeatedly.  Examples include:
interfering or attempting to interfere with the legitimate work of another user;
sending abusive or obscene messages via computer networks; and
attempting to use information technology resources to engage in the abuse of other users.
7.    COMMUNICATIONS
All authorized Rock Valley College users will adhere to the Rock Valley College Web Page Policy.  Violations would include:
sending chain letters, or sending mass mailings not authorized by designated College personnel;
use of the information technology systems for personal advertisements or personal profit, except as authorized by designated College personnel;
intentionally using information technology resources to access materials or participate in communications that are abusive, unethical, violations of privacy, obscene or pornographic.
8.    MISCELLANEOUS
unauthorized and time-consuming recreational activities and game playing;
using network accounts for work not authorized for that account;
engaging in disruptive behavior in college computer labs;
using the information technology systems for any illegal purposes;
use of software or hardware not properly licensed or authorized by the Office of Information Technology, or found to be in conflict with other IT systems, or altering system configurations; and
knowingly using information technology resources (including printers) to pursue personal matters that are distinct from RVC-related student assignments or distinct from assigned job duties and responsibilities, except where such use is minimal and infrequent in nature, does not otherwise violate provisions herein, and has inconsequential financial impact.
All requests for clarifications or interpretations of this procedure should be directed to the Managing Director of Information Technology. RVC students believed to be in violation of this procedure will be referred to the student disciplinary procedure; employees believed to be in violation will be referred to employee disciplinary procedures consistent with applicable College policies and contractual obligations. All other presumed violators will be handled on a case-by-case basis.
About RVC
Accreditation
Administration
Board of Trustees
Contact Us
Events
Freedom of Information Act
Getting Started at RVC
History of RVC
Maps
Mission, Vision & Values
News