https://www.delmnh.org/about-us-2/online-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICYadmin2020-09-08T13:09:48-04:00
Online Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting the Delaware Museum of Natural History’s website. Ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information with anyone in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement, or unless ordered by a court of law. We maintain a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. We have created this online privacy policy to explain our commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Restrictions on Use
This site is owned and operated by Delaware Museum of Natural History, Inc. The information on this site is provided to assist you in planning your visit to the Museum, and it is for this purpose only that the site may be used. While we encourage you to print information which will help plan your visit, no photographs, images, or other materials from our site may be copied, downloaded, transmitted, distributed, or used in any other way, including for commercial use, unless otherwise stated. Also, you may not alter or attempt to alter any materials or information on the site, or the site itself.
Your Privacy
The Delaware Museum of Natural History and it online partners are committed to maintaining the privacy of those who visit our websites.
The Delaware Museum of Natural History is the sole owner of the information collection on this site. This information will not be sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
The Delaware Museum of Natural History collects information from site visitors at several different points on this website.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted to our websites. On some pages, you can opt-in to receive email communications, register for events, or send communications to your colleagues. The types of personal information collected on these pages varies, and can include:
Name of member
Name of recipient/s of gift memberships (if applicable)
Names of family members (for Household, Grandparent, Sustaining, Patron, Gold Patron, or Benefactor memberships)
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit Card Information
If you do submit personal information to use, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted and also for any one or more of the following reasons:
If you join our email list, we will have a record of your email address and all other information you choose to provide. We may send you email from time to time about our activities,  as well as any specific issues or publications you have subscribed to. You will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
If you obtain or renew a Delaware Museum of Natural History membership, your information will be used to fulfill the financial transaction you have initiated, and your information will be added to our membership database for maintenance and communications regarding your membership.
If you use our tell a friend (optional), the email address(es) you provide will only be used to send your message – these contacts will not be added to our organizational lists or receive any further communications from us unless they separately decide to join our organization.
Be advised that we use third-party vendors to provide services on this site and in our offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating our online activities and campaigns, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.
From time to time we partner with other carefully selected organizations in the Wilmington and Brandywine Valley Area, so that these organizations may advise you of their events. This gives you the fullest knowledge of cultural happenings in our area. If for any reason you would like to be removed from this partnership list, please email or write us at the address below and we will take your name off of the list immediately.
Email: jacord@delmnh.org
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites for additional products and services. The Delaware Museum of Natural History is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Financial Transactions
In order to process a new, renewal, or gift membership, it is necessary for the Delaware Museum of Natural History to gather the member’s and/or payer’s name, mailing address, phone, and credit card information. This data is used to verify identity and execute the financial transaction.
If you choose to renew or purchase a membership online, you will have to provide your credit card billing information. As this information is collected and transferred over the internet to a secure server, it is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the industry standard security technology that is designed to protect sensitive information. We display the GoDaddy SSL Seal to assure you that our website is authentic and that all transactions are secured by SLL encryption. The credit card information that you provide at the time of renewal or purchase is used only to process your renewal or purchase and will not be used for any other purposes.
Changes to this policy
The Delaware Museum of Natural History reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any errors or omissions in any portion of this website. If our information practices change at some point in the future we will post any changes on the website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt our of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information if used, you should check back to our website periodically.
Please contact us for questions:
regarding this policy statement,
the practices of this site,
if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy
or to review or request changes to your contact information
You may contact us at the address below:
Communications Department
Delaware Museum of Natural History
4840 Kennett Pike
Wilmington, DE 19807
or by email to jacord@delmnh.org
Go to Top