http://www.udc.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home \
WELCOME TO UDC
At UDC, the city isn’t our location; it’s our campus. From the Community College to workforce development programs and more, UDC is active in every ward--providing a quality education and enriching the lives of students, neighbors, and stakeholders alike.
APPLY TODAY
GIVE TO UDC
WELCOME TO UDC
At UDC, the city isn’t our location; it’s our campus. From the Community College to workforce development programs and more, UDC is active in every ward--providing a quality education and enriching the lives of students, neighbors, and stakeholders alike.
APPLY TODAY
GIVE TO UDC
About UDC
History & Mission
Know Your UDC
Campus Map
Office of the President
Executive Cabinet
The Equity Imperative
UDC Foundation
Tours
Contact Us
Board of Trustees
UDC TV Schedule
Careers @ UDC
Business Opportunities @ UDC
Institute of Politics Policy and History
Campus Master Plan
Privacy Policy
The following information represents the practices of the UDC web site www.udc.edu.   Note: UDC web pages may be identified by “udc.edu” in the URL address.
Gathering of Information
When visiting the UDC web site, we collect the following information:
Your Internet location (IP address);
Which page(s) you visit on the University’s web site;
Which web page initiated your visit to the University’s web site;
Which software you’re using to navigate your visit through the University’s web site;
Anonymized demographic and interest data from third-party cookies.
The above information is not a reflection of you as an individual.
Use of Information
UDC can assure you that the information gathered through the web site does not
Collect identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address, etc.;
Provide or sell “identifiable information” to outside agencies/third parties.
Any information collected is used for the purpose of improving the function and content of the UDC web site and to monitor its performance. The data collected is analyzed to help answer any specific questions, as it relates to the usage and performance of the web site and/or individual web pages. Note: All data is anonymized prior to reporting and analysis and at no time is an individual IP address or any other personally identifiable information (PII) associated with site usage.
Opting-out
Visitors to the web site can opt-out of UDCs web data collection process by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Contacting the UDC Web Development Center
If you have questions regarding the practices of this site or “general” problems with the UDC web site, feel free to contact webmaster@udc.edu.
Disclaimer
The UDC web site provides links to other web sites – some outside the domain of “udc.edu.” The UDC web site cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites outside the University’s domain.
University Privacy Statement
The University of the District of Columbia complies with Public Law 93-380 Family Education Rights and the Privacy Act of 1975.