http://www.rth.org.uk/about/privacy
Skip to main content
The Regency Town House
Brighton & Hove heritage, conservation, community
Search form
Search
You are hereHome » About us
About usFind us
Visiting us
Contact
Subscribe
Cookies
Privacy Statement
Support us
Volunteering
What's on
Covid-19, guidelines for visitors
Exhibition & event hire
Here in the Past project
Collections
Local history
The Regency period
Building Regency houses
Care of historic homes
Blog
Women's History Group
Your FREE Town House mini-guide
Just click here.
Volunteer with us
We are looking for volunteers.
Contact Us
The Regency Town House
13 Brunswick Square
Brighton & Hove
East Sussex
BN3 1EH,    UK
t: 01273 206306
e: office@rth.org.uk
Privacy Statement
The ‘we’ and ‘us’ referred to below includes the staff and trustees of The Regency Town House and its charity, The Brunswick Town Charitable Trust, (registered in England no. 1012216).
We are committed to upholding your privacy and will only use your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, General Data Protection Regulations 2018 and other relevant legislation and regulations.
Data security
When we collect personal data from you we store it safely and protect it against misuse. Any external providers we use to process your data, for ticket booking and donations, for example, must comply with relevant legislation about how they store and process your data.
By disclosing your personal information to us you are giving us your consent to collect, store and process your personal information in the manner described here. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date within our knowledge.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice or your information, please contact office@rth.org.uk
How we acquire your personal data
There are broadly two sets of circumstances under which we may acquire and store your personal data.
a) If you sign up to our mailing list, make a donation, purchase a ticket, attend an event or you make a venue hire booking. In these cases we may acquire this standard personal data:
name
home address
telephone number
email address
b) If you work with The Regency Town House or its charity, The Brunswick Town Charitable Trust, in a paid or voluntary capacity. In these cases we may also acquire this additional personal data:
date of birth
photograph
emergency contacts
We may keep your additional personal data for up to three years after you cease working with us, then it will be destroyed.
What we do with your personal data
We process your personal data to support and facilitate the running of the Town House, the charity and their associated projects by doing the following things:
Identify those who have reason to be on the premises
Improve the safety and security of those who work here
Associate work produced with the person responsible
Administer donations, sponsorship and legacies
Manage event ticketing and invitations
Assist our fundraising efforts
With your prior consent we may also do these things:
Tell you about our activities
Ask you to support us
Your personal data will not be shared, sold or passed to other organisations to use for their own purposes.
Children, young people and vulnerable adults
If you are age 16 or under, a parent or guardian’s permission will be required before providing any personal data and we require their signature on any documentation.
In cases where an adult has given another person permission to speak on their behalf, for instance, a carer, we will ask this person to give consent for us to hold the adult’s personal data, as well as proof of permission given and proof of identification.
Newsletters
Our e-newsletters will give you news we think will be of interest to you. We may use code within our e-newsletter to identify which messages you have opened and which links you followed.
As a charity, it’s very important that we can occasionally ask people for donations. By signing up to one of our newsletters, you agree to be contacted with news about exhibitions and projects, and ways you can support us.
Opting out
You have the right to opt out of any of this at any time. If you wish to do this, please use the contact details below.
Please bear in mind that if you opt out, this may affect our ability to carry out tasks that are for your benefit.
Website analytics
We use Google Analytics cookies to track website users anonymously.
Google Analytics stores information about how long they people on the site, which pages they visit, how they got there and what they clicked on. This helps us to understand how people use our website and to better tailor it to their needs.
Google Analytics does not collect information that can identify individual site visitors.
Cookies
Like many websites, this one uses cookies.
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website's server. It allows a website to remember things like your preferences or the contents of your shopping basket. You can reset your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when a cookie is being sent.
Cookies are not used to identify you.
There is more information here about the cookies we use.
External links
Where this website contains links to other websites, we are not responsible for these websites nor for their privacy practices.
Access to your information and opting out
You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you would like a copy please contact office@rth.org.uk.
You have the right to ask us correct any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you. If asked, we will do so as soon as possible.
You have the right to ask us to delete any personal data we hold about you. If asked, we will destroy all of the personal data that we hold in our files.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office if we have not been able to resolve to your satisfaction a problem about our handling of your personal data.
Covid-19, guidelines for visitors
Guidelines for visitors and volunteers attending events at the Town House.
National Lottery
A huge Thank You to the National Lottery Heritage Fund for supporting The Regency Town House and many other cultural heritage sites across the country. They helped us to secure our building and conserve our collections, including this lovely silhouette!    Read more
Find us
Enlarge map
About us
Find us
Contact us
Privacy Statement
Cookies
Volunteering
Team
Opportunities
Friends
Subscribe
Donate
What's on
Tours and walks
Open Door
Courses
Past events
At home
Photo biennial
Exhibiting here
Collections
Bevan and Dewar family letters
Jackson architectural ornament
Denman architectural drawings
Local history
Brighton timeline
Brunswick Town
Blue plaque virtual tours
C A Busby architect
Articles from the past
The Regency period
Regency family life
Building Regency houses
Influences
The architect
Structure
Skills and crafts
Care of historic homes
The House library
Our Characters
Mrs Martha Hankey
Mrs Elinor Vicary
Mrs Simpson
Joshua Crabtree
Login