http://www.wordthink.com/privacy-policy/
WordThink
HomeAbout UsFavorite WordsMobilePrivacyTermsDMCARSS
Thursday December 10, 2020
Home » Privacy
Privacy
Radok Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding this Terms of Use Agreement, you are encouraged to immediately contact John Tyler, Online Business Services Manager
at:
Radok Corporation
8655 East Via De Ventura, Suite G200
Scottsdale, Arizona
85258 USA
Telephone (480) 346-1260
Fax Number (480) 657-7140
contact@radok.com
Information Collection and Use
Radok Corporation is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Radok Corporation collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
SharingWe do not share, sell, or trade any personally identifiable information with third-parties, except for products and services specifically requested by the user.
For example, we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We occasionally partner with other parties to provide specific services. When the user signs up for one of these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
RegistrationThere is no registration requirement to use this website.
We do, however, require information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Radok Corporation is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys &
ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award
prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-FriendIf a user elects to use our referral service
for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and
email address. Radok Corporation will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site, but their name and email address is not stored by Radok Corporation.
SecurityThis website takes every precaution to
protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. Users will also notice that the ‘HTTP’ in the URL address will always change to ‘HTTPS’ while in the SSL secure area of this website.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of
our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is
restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, our servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a safe, high security environment.
If you have any additional questions about the security of our website, you can send an email to comments@radok.com.
Special OffersWe send all new members a welcoming email to
verify orders and registration confirmations. Established members will infrequently receive information on products, services, and special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service
UpdatesWe also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal
Information:If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support department.
Choice/Opt-outOur users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to receive any product, service, or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with Unsubscribe in the subject line, or simply select comments@radok.com.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an
informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Home Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
For more information refer to our Terms of Use page.
About WordThink
WordThink provides you with a daily reminder to use many of the words you already know, and some persuasive new words you can use every day. More…
Reference
Eduro Daily Quote
Eduro provides daily quotes that are inspirational, motivating, and
thought-provoking. More…
Wikipedia Encyclopedia
Wikipedia is a multilingual, Web-based, free-content encyclopedia project.
More…
Thesaurus.com
Thesaurus.com is produced by Dictionary.com, a leading provider of language services.
More…
Dictionary.com
Dictionary.com is a multi-source dictionary search service produced by Dictionary.com, LLC.
More…
Merriam-Webster
Merriam-Webster is one of America's foremost publishers of language-related works.
More…
Worth a Look
Linux Consulting
Website Protection
Homemade Pizzas
WordPress Design
Italian Recipes
Scottsdale City Guide
Atlanta Repair Service
Online ShoppingAssisted Living - Scottsdale
News Channels
WordThink Mobile
Amazing Videos
Political News
Chicago City Guide
Sensational News
Sports News
Technology News
Terrorist News
Scottsdale City Guide
WordThink is Copyright © 1998-2018 by Radok Corporation.All Rights Reserved. Website Protection by SourceWatch.