http://www.jellyandbean.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Jelly and Bean
Twitter
Search
Toggle navigation
About Us
Our Reading Scheme
History
Philosophy
Frequently Asked Questions
What people say about us
Delivery and Postage
Useful Links
Phonics
Starting with Phonics
Phonic phase 2 resources
Phonic phase 3 resources
Phonic phase 4 resources
Phonic phase 5 resources
High Frequency Words
Fonts and Handwriting
Glossary
Products
Schools
News
Contact
search
Privacy and Cookies
HomePrivacy and Cookies
PRIVACY POLICY
We appreciate that you are trusting us with information that is important to you, and we want to be transparent about how we use it.
Here we describe the privacy practices for our applications, software, websites, and services (the “Services”). You will learn about the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we give you over your information, and the measures we take to keep it safe.
ACCOUNT INFORMATION
Some information is required to create an account on our Services, such as your name, email address, password, your telephone number. This is the only information you have to provide to create an account with us
PAYMENT AND CARD INFORMATION
If you purchase merchandise on our website, you provide your payment information, including your name, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code and billing address. We do not store this payment information. We store your delivery address to fulfil your order. Note that third-party payment processors may retain this information in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION:
PROVIDE AND MAINTAIN THE SERVICES
Using the information we collect, we are able to deliver the Services  and orders to you and honour our contract with you.
COMMUNICATE WITH YOU
We use your information when needed to send you Service notifications and respond to you when you contact us. We also use your information to promote products that we think you would be interested in.
We use cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described above
COOKIES
We may store so called “cookies” on your computer when you visit our website. This allows us to recognise your computer the next time you visit us. Most Internet browsers are set to accept these cookies automatically. The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie is specific to your computer and may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time you access our website and what parts of the website are visited.
We collect the foregoing information to monitor the usage and usefulness of our website, for statistical purposes. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse receiving it. Be aware that in such event you may no longer be able to use all the possibilities of our website.
We have listed below the main cookies we use and an explanation as to the cookies main purpose.
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmd_utmz
These are cookies from Google and are used to track visitor traffic numbers and the way visitors navigate the website, allowing us to improve the experience for visitors.
For personal data subject to the GDPR, we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These include when you have given your consent, which you may withdraw at any time by emailing us at jellyandbean@mac.com ; when the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, like processing your orders; and our legitimate business interests, such as in improving, and developing the Services, marketing new products that may be of interest.
HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED
We do not share your personal information except in the limited circumstances described below.
FOR EXTERNAL PROCESSING
We transfer information to our corporate affiliates, service providers, and other partners who process it, based on our instructions, and in compliance with this policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
FOR LEGAL REASONS OR TO PREVENT HARM
We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety of any person.
Please note: Our policy is to notify you of legal process seeking access to your information, such as search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. In cases where a court order specifies a non-disclosure period, we provide delayed notice after the expiration of the non-disclosure period. Exceptions to our notice policy include exigent or counterproductive circumstances, for example, when there is an emergency involving a danger of death or serious physical injury to a person.
YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Accessing Data. By logging into your account, you can access your personal information that you have given us.
Editing Data. By logging into your account, you change and delete your personal information.
Deleting your Data. If at any time you wish to have your data removed from our systems, then please contact us by email: jellyandbean@mac.com
DATA RETENTION
We keep your account information, like your name, email address and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We work hard to keep your data safe. We use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls to maintain the security of your data. This includes using Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to encrypt many of our Services. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may from time to time update or change this policy.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, or about our use of your information, please contact us at jellyandbean@mac.com
BOOK BANDS
read more
100 Words
read more
Are phonemes the basic units of speech?
read more
Jelly and Bean LtdBeech House15 Beech AvenueHarrogateHG2 8DS
T. 01423 879 182
F. 01423 874 307
© 2010 - 2020 Jelly and Bean Ltd. All rights reserved - site design by adigi
sitemap|terms and conditions|privacy & cookies policy