http://www.infotoday.com/privacy.shtml
Information Today, Inc. Corporate Site
KMWorld
CRM Media
Streaming Media
Faulkner
Speech Technology
Unisphere/DBTA
PRIVACY/COOKIES POLICY
Search
Home
Conferences
View All Conferences
AI & Machine Learning Summit
Blockchain in Government
Complexity in Human Systems Symposium
Computers in Libraries
Content Delivery Summit
CRM Evolution
Data Summit
Digital Experience Conference
Enterprise Search & Discovery
Esports & Sports Streaming Summit
Internet@Schools CA
Internet@Schools DC
Internet Librarian
Internet Librarian International
KMWorld
Library Leaders Summit
Office365 Symposium
OTT Leadership Summit
Smart Customer Service
SpeechTEK
Streaming Forum
Streaming Media East
Streaming Media West
Live Streaming Summit
Taxonomy Boot Camp
Taxonomy Boot Camp London
Text Analytics Forum
Video Engineering Summit
WebSearch University
Other Industry Events
Magazines
View All Magazines
Big Data Quarterly
Computers in Libraries
CRM Magazine
Database Trends and Applications
EContent
Information Today
KMWorld
Online Searcher
Searcher
Speech Technology
Streaming Media
Streaming Media European Edition
Books
Featured Titles
CyberAge Books
Ebooks
Libraries/Info Tech
ASIST Publications
American Society for Indexing
Order the ITI Catalog
Plexus Publishing
Directories
Blogs
View All
ILI365 (Information Today Europe) Blog
ITI Books Blog
LibConf Blog
Streaming Media Blog
Buyers Guides
Computers in Libraries
DestinationCRM
EContent Directory
KMWorld
Library Resource Guide
SpeechTech Annual Reference Guide
Streaming Media Sourcebook
Streaming Media European Sourcebook
Webinars
Newsletters
Newsletters
CyberSkeptic's Guide
The Information Advisor's Guide to Internet Research
Marketing Library Services
e-Newsletters
View All
CRM eWeekly
Information Today Europe eNews
ITI NewsLink
KMWorld NewsLinks
SpeechTech eWeekly
Smart Customer Service eWeekly
Streaming Media XTra
Streaming Media Europe XTra
Streaming Media Producer FOCUS
News & Events
Calendar
NewsBreaks
NewsLink
Press Releases
Information Services
American Library Directory
Biology Digest/Physical Sciences Digest
Faulkner Information Services
Fulltext Sources Online
FSO Print
FSO Online
Library Resource Guide
Literary Market Place
Knowledge Management
KMWorld Buyers' Guide
KMWorld Conference
KMWorld Magazine
KMWorld Web Events
KMWorld White Papers Series
Advertising
Print Advertising
Web/Online
e-Newsletters
Conferences
Other Opportunities
Digital Specs [PDF]
Reprints [PDF]
Online Store
Other ITI Websites
American Library Directory
Boardwalk Empire
Database Trends and Applications
DestinationCRM
EContentMag
Faulkner Information Services
Fulltext Sources Online
InfoToday Europe
KMWorld
Library Resource
Literary Market Place
OnlineVideo.net
Plexus Publishing
Smart Customer Service
Speech Technology
Streaming Media
Streaming Media Europe
Streaming Media Producer
Unisphere Research
Information
Today Home
Back
Forward
ITI Privacy/Cookies Policy
Updated: 6 January 2020.
Questions or comments about this privacy policy may be directed to: privacy@infotoday.com.
GDPR
California (CCPA) & Nevada (SB220)
The various Information Today, Inc. websites include: information about our company; subscription, sales, and delivery of content for periodicals, books, and directories that we publish; and conferences that we organize.
These websites are maintained and operated by Information Today, Inc. (ITI),
143 Old Marlton Pike, Medford, NJ 08055, Phone: 609-654-6266. Send comments
or suggestions about these sites to: webmaster@infotoday.com.
For each visitor to our websites, our Web servers log the IP
address of the computer the visitor is using to view
our Web pages, as well as the referring URL.  We routinely collect information
on what pages they access or visit. This information is used for internal
review and to improve the content of our websites. We only collect personal information (including contact and email information) that is willingly
provided by visitors to our websites.
The
Information Today/Plexus Publishing Online Store
website (hosted by Yahoo/Verizon Media, at bookstore.infotoday.com) collects information
about customers, including purchase and contact
information, and securely provides it to Information Today,
Inc., which is solely responsible for its use.
We only use that information to complete a transaction
requested by a customer. Every transaction conducted at the Information Today
Online Store website is encrypted for the customers'
protection.  The Yahoo/Verizon Media privacy policy is available
at https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html.
Your information/Personal Data
Each time you request information from us, register to attend one of ITI's conferences,
subscribe to an electronic newsletter, sign up for an online
event (Webinar), submit a proposal to speak at one of ITI's conferences, subscribe to an online service or print publication, register to view/download premium content on one of our websites, or make a purchase
from our online store, we request certain personal data, including: Full Name, Mailing/Postal Address, Email Address, Phone Number(s), Employer, and Job Title. We may also ask for additional employment demographic information including industry sector, number of employees, and company income. When you submit a proposal to speak at a conference, we may also request biographical information as well as your history of speaking at other conferences.
We use personal data you submit to us to complete transactions such as conference registrations, subscription fulfillment, or communication regarding requests to speak at a conference. We may share your personal data with sponsors of our conferences, premium content, and webinars, so that they may extend you offers
based on your consent. Third parties who purchase the personal information you supplied to us will not resell it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
We may also include you in our email mailing lists. We will request your consent to send you email via these lists. We may use these mailing lists or your
information or for internal marketing and promotional purposes
to occasionally notify you of Information Today,
Inc. products and services we think will interest
you. We may also send you email on behalf of our sponsors. If you don't wish to receive such notifications and offers from ITI, you can request to be removed from our mailing lists. Every email message sent to mailing lists maintained by Information Today, Inc. contains a link to automatically unsubscribe from the list or lists, to which the email was sent.
GDPR
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our lawful bases for processing the personal data of EU individuals are Contract, Legitimate Interest, and Consent. In the case of accepting your registration and payment to attend one of our conferences, or if you subscribe to one of our publications, we process your personal data in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you. In some cases we use legitimate interest as a lawful basis for processing your data, including sharing of your personal data with sponsors of our premium content, webinars, and conferences so that they may extend you offers of interest. We define ‘legitimate interest’ as providing you with additional useful information on related products and services that we or our sponsors provide, based on the interests you have expressed by downloading sponsored premium content or viewing sponsored webinars. If you register to attend or speak at one of our UK-based conferences, you will be asked for your consent to receive related information from third parties, including conference sponsors and exhibitors.
You have the right to access, update, delete, or request a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you want it to be updated, or removed from our systems, please contact us
via email (to privacy@infotoday.com), telephone (609-654-6266), fax (609-654-4309), or in writing (Information Today, Inc., 143 Old Marlton Pike, Medford, NJ 08055-8750).
Information Today, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Information Today, Inc. is required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
California and Nevada Residents -
Your Rights and Choices Under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) and Nevada State Privacy Law (SB 220)
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. SB 220 provides consumers (Nevada residents) with specific rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Since CCPA encompasses SB 220 rights as a subset of rights (opt-out to sale of personal data), we provide all California and Nevada consumers with the same rights, which in some instances may exceed our legal obligation. This section explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Note: We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:   Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Note: We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 609-654-6266.
Emailing us at
privacy@infotoday.com
Mailing us at Information Today, Inc. (ITI), 143 Old Marlton Pike, Medford, NJ 08055
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.   You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include requests for confirmation of identity by sending you an email at your email address that is on file with us, or providing proof of identify, such as a driver’s license. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.   We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to [45/90] days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following page:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by registering to download a sponsored White Paper or other sponsored content, or registering to attend a Webinar, and answering any specific opt-in questions presented during the registration process.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your   CCPA  rights. Unless permitted by the   CCPA or SB 220, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.   However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the   CCPA  or SB. 220 that   can result  in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any   CCPA or SB 220-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Social buttons
On many of the pages of our websites you will see ‘social buttons’. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There may be buttons for: Twitter,
Facebook's ‘Like’, LinkedIn's ‘Share’, YouTube, or others. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of Information Today, Inc.'s. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on our websites.
So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting our websites, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don’t click on the button if you are logged into their services, like Google and Facebook. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your computer or other access device from our servers, or from the servers of our third-party partners.
The various Information Today, Inc. websites use different types of cookies.
By using our websites, you consent to our use of cookies on your computer or other access device, in accordance with this cookie policy.
If you do not consent to our use of cookies, then you should either not use our websites, or use your browser in anonymous mode (“Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” in Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari).
Information on how you can delete, disable, or control cookies for most Web browsers is available at www.AllAboutCookies.org.
Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our websites.
Our websites that offer access to White Papers, Webinars, and other premium content and online events use cookies to store registration information, so that website visitors are remembered, and do not need to supply that information upon each visit.
The Literary Market Place and American Library Directory websites use cookies to maintain user sessions and log out users after a specific length of time.
The Information Today Online Store website uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about customers. For more information about the use of cookies on the Information Today/Plexus Publishing Online Store website, see https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/topics/cookies/index.html.
Information Today, Inc. uses the following third-party partner companies that also send cookies to your computer/device via your web browser:
We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to count the number of visitors to our websites, and helps us to analyze how users use our websites. It tells us things such as the typical length of stay on the site or the average number of pages a user views. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
We use Google Ad Manager
to serve ads on our websites. These cookies are very similar to the Google Analytics cookie described above, but are specific to the display of advertising on our websites. User data is anonymous.
Google AdSense cookies are used by Google to report to us how certain ads shown on our websites are performing. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more generally about Google and its policies and principles as regards advertising at https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Some of the ads you may see on our websites are customized based on predictions about your interests generated from your visits over time and across different websites. This type of ad customization - sometimes called “online behavioral” or “interest-based” advertising - is accomplished by the use of cookies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, click here.
Security
We use appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification, and improper disclosure of the personal information we collect, in both physical and electronic format. To that end, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption and Verizon and/or AWS cloud services, which comply with various globally recognized security practices and standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We take reasonable and appropriate steps to contract for and monitor the services we use to determine that they remain compliant with such practices and standards. We also provide information security awareness training to our staff and conduct periodic quality assurance audits. We endeavor to protect the privacy of your personal information that we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of information at any time.
At times, your access to conference registration is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser.
Back
to top
© 1995 -
, Information Today, Inc.
About/Contacts
Information Today, Inc. • 143 Old Marlton Pike, Medford, NJ
08055-8750 |
Phone: 609-654-6266 • Fax: 609-654-4309 • custserv@infotoday.com