https://www.connerprairie.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search
Close
Calendar
Membership
Donate
News
Subscribe
Purchase Tickets
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Conner Prairie respects the privacy of our online visitors and we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our site.
This privacy policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. All changes will be posted here. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an e-mail to: info@connerprairie.org.
Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, or give out email addresses to companies or other organizations. We will not intentionally disclose any personal identifiable information about you as an individual user (such as, your full name, street address, telephone number or email address) to any third party without having first received your permission. We may request personal identification information from you in connection with your use of, or participation in, contests, sweepstakes, games, surveys and submissions. However, we will only collect this personal information from you if it has been voluntarily submitted to us.
Any personal information provided to us may be used in connection with the activities previously referred to above. Should you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personal information in order to respond to your questions or comments. We may also keep your comments or questions for future reference.
Conner Prairie may use third-party extensions or links and services on its website. We cannot guarantee the privacy of your personal information if you use these extensions or links.
Opt-Out Procedures
At any time you may opt-out of receiving future emails and newsletters. We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about you. There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. You will have an opportunity to change selections by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails.
November 12 Update: As we prepare for A Merry Prairie Holiday, we have decided to take the necessary steps of closing the Welcome Center and our outdoor grounds for General Admission. This will ensure that our staff can work safely and efficiently to bring you A Merry Prairie Holiday, keeping public safety a high priority in the meantime.