https://www.franshalsmuseum.nl/en/about/privacy-statement/
Repainting artworks
Frans Hals uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse how visitors use our website, to enable content sharing on social media and to tailor site content and advertising to your preferences. Such cookies are also set by third parties. By clicking ‘I accept’, you consent to this. See our cookie settings for a description of the cookies for which we ask your consent.
Functional cookies
Functional and marketing cookies
Accept
Calendar
See what’s going on today
10 Oct 2020 - 10 Jan 2021
Exhibition
May it just be beautiful?
Haarlem Impressionists and Realists
Location Hal
08 Mar 2019 - 01 Jul 2022
Exhibition
Haarlem Heroes. Other Masters
Location Hof
19 Sep 2020 - 01 Jul 2022
Exhibition
Frans Hals – All civic guard pieces
One master, six civic guard pieces, one exhibition…
Location Hof
23 Mar 2013 - 01 Jan 2023
Exhibition
The Hals Phenomenon
A Glimpse into the Fascinating World of Frans…
Location Hof
Your trip
Looks like you’ll have fun!
I would love
more suggestions !
My trip details
Just tell us who you are!
I am adventureous
I am with kids
I am everything at once
I am in love
I am an expert
I am in doubt
Or do a regular search
suggestions
Locations And hours
One museum two locations
HOF
Groot Heiligland 62
2011 ES Haarlem
Opening hours
HAL
Grote Markt 16
2011 RD Haarlem
Opening hours
Tuesday - Saturday
11 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Sundays
noon - 5 p.m.
Our opening hours
We are waiting for you!
Open Today!
Tuesday - Saturday
11 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Sundays
noon - 5 p.m.
special holiday hours
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Frans Hals Museum
The Stichting Frans Hals Museum (Frans Hals Museum Foundation) processes personal data and uses cookies to improve its website. We have prepared the following Privacy Statement to inform you about what your personal data is used for, how you can exercise your rights regarding your personal data, and any other information that might be of interest.
The Frans Hals Museum values its visitors, users and close relations. Therefore, it is of the utmost importance that their personal details are processed and protected with the greatest possible care. The Frans Hals Museum deals with personal data securely and within the boundaries of the law, including the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We aim for transparency when it comes to dealing with personal data. You have the right to access, and modify, any personal information we have collected about you. In this Privacy Statement we have outlined the most relevant information per subject for you. This Privacy Statement applies to all activities of the Frans Hals Museum.
Responsible Party
Stichting Frans Hals Museum, registered with the Chamber of Commerce under CoC-number 34303231, is the responsible party within the meaning of the PDPA and GDPR. The Frans Hals Museum is located at Groot Heiligland 62 and Grote Markt 16 in Haarlem, the Netherlands.
For which purposes do we process personal data?
The Frans Hals Museum collects and processes personal data for clear and predetermined purposes.
To organise exhibitions and other public events
To guarantee the safety of our collection of artworks and the people in our museum buildings
To keep corporate records
To communicate with (potential) visitors and users of our website
To inform the press
To carry out marketing- and audience research
To acquire, and manage relations with, new patrons and other business relations
To register and deal with questions and complaints from our visitors
To execute employment contracts and other temporary agreements such as internships and training programmes
To comply with a legal obligation
To comply with filing requirements, for which data will only be used in legal proceedings or for historical, statistical or scientific research.
The Frans Hals Museum processes personal data through its website, and services related to the website (such as newsletters) and in supporting software. The Frans Hals Museum only processes data when the owner has given explicit, unequivocal permission for us to do so, in order to fulfil an agreement or when there is a justified interest for the Frans Hals Museum. Data will not be processed for any other purposes than stated above.
Which personal data does the Frans Hals Museum collect?
The personal data we collect and process about you include:
Name and home address
Email address
Telephone number
Gender
Date of birth
Bank account details
Social media
Relationship type
Family and work relationships
Profession
Content of your communications with us
The Frans Hals Museum collects personal data directly from its visitors, users and contacts. When appropriate and/or necessary, the Frans Hals Museum collects personal data from third parties or public sources, always in accordance with the law.
How does the Frans Hals Museum ensure the secure use of personal data?
The Frans Hals Museum deals with personal data with the utmost confidentiality. The Frans Hals Museum implements appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect any personal data. These measures are defined in the Service Level Agreement (SLA) with the museum’s IT service provider, a data leak protocol and internal procedures.
The Frans Hals Museum does not share personal data unless in compliance with this Privacy Statement, and only with third parties when justified, when done cautiously and/or when we are legally obliged to. The Frans Hals Museum can employ external companies to take on part of certain business services to fulfil an agreement. The Frans Hals Museum makes clear, contractually defined, agreements with these third parties to ensure confidential and careful handling of personal data.
The Frans Hals Museum does not transfer your details outside of the EU. When, in exceptional cases, transfer outside of the EU is necessary, the third party included will be bound by contract to respect EU-legislation.
For how long does the Frans Hals Museum store personal data?
The Frans Hals Museum stores personal data according to the PDPA, GDPR and the Public Records Act. Data will not be stored any longer than strictly necessary to achieve any set goals the data has been accumulated for. The retention period is defined in the Basic Selection Document of our Archiving Policy (October 2016).
How can data be accessed or deleted?
You can contact the Frans Hals Museum to request access to, and/or modification of, your personal data. Please state clearly that it is regarding an access and/or amendment request based on the GDPR. You can withdraw your permission for the processing of certain data at any time, and you can also ask us to delete your data completely. However, this is only possible when and if the Frans Hals Museum can still fulfil its legal obligations.
Please take into account that to access, amend or delete personal data, you are required to provide a copy of a valid passport or identity card to enable the museum to confirm your identity. When doing so, it is important to cross out the social security number (BSN), the document identification number and the Machine-Readable Zone (MRZ) so that it/they are illegible.
Requests must be sent to:
Stichting Frans Hals Museum
Re: Request to access or amend data
Attn. Margot Gerené (Deputy Director a.i.)
PO Box 3365
2001 DJ Haarlem
The Netherlands
meet@franshalsmuseum.nl
You have the right to file a complaint with the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens (Dutch Data Protection Authority; Dutch DPA) regarding the use of your personal data.
Where can you direct any questions about the GDPR and the Frans Hals Museum?
or +31 (0)23 5115775.
This Privacy Statement was published on 23 May 2018.
The Frans Hals Museum reserves the right to make changes or additions to its Privacy Statement where and when necessary. It is the responsibility of the individual to ensure they are abreast of the latest version of this Privacy Statement. To ensure you are aware of any changes made to the Privacy Statement, the Frans Hals Museum advises you check it on a regular basis.
Game 3 of 3
Meet your artist
Meet your artist
Meet your artist
Find your artistic match!
Start liking
Dislike
Frans Hals
Koos Breukel
Jan van Scorel
Guido van der Werve
Maerten van Heemskerck
Like
Drag & drop if you like
or dislike it
Go on! Drag me around!
Are you sure?!
I don't like him aswell
He doesn't like you I'm afraid
It's a match!
It's a match!
It's a match!
You and
have liked each other.
Meet at Frans Hals!
No matches!
No matches!
No matches!
I don’t think you’re ready for this jelly
Play again
Game 1 of 3
Art roulette
Art roulette
Art roulette
Spin to win
Start spinning
lock
lock
Game 2 of 3
GIF me Frans
GIF me Frans
GIF me Frans
And gif him now!
Start watching