http://www.agiweb.org/privacypolicy.html
The American Geosciences Institute's On-Line Privacy Policy
The American Geosciences Institute (AGI) is committed to protecting
your privacy. We use the information we collect about your access to the
website to better serve you and to enable special applications, such as
ordering of books and subscriptions.  Details about our privacy policy
are outlined below:
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you first access the AGI Website, we identify the IP-address from
which you accessed our site.  We save this information, along with
the time you first entered the site.  The website gives you a unique
identifying user ID for the site, using a cookie. "Cookies" are small pieces
of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard
drive. Our cookies only contain your user ID number and no additional personal
information.  Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
AGI tracks how you navigate through the site, mainly to the top of main
sections of the site, so that we can better understand your use of the
site so that we may continue to improve it.
When you provide us with information such as name, address, E-Mail address,
or personal information in a registration form for such things as joining
mailing lists or signing of guestbooks, AGI will record that information
against your unique ID number so that we can personalize the site in the
future.
When you place an order for a book or subscription through the website,
we require your name, address, phone, and email information.  This
information is also stored with your user ID.  However, we do not
store such sensitive information as Credit Card numbers or Social Security
Numbers in the user database.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your
name, address, and e-mail address so that we can administer the contest
and notify winners.
We also monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop
the design and layout of the store.
AGI will not redistribute information collected via the AGI website to
other organizations without your consent.
AGI protects sensitive customer information through the use of secure server
software for conducting financial transactions, such as transmission of
credit card numbers.  Additionally, all customer data and information
are protected against unauthorized access.
If you prefer not to have the AGI website track your specific usage, please
click here and we will assign the value "ANONYMOUS"
to the user ID cookie, indicating to our web server not to record your
usage.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information
we collect on the site to make improvements to AGIWEB and to enable the
development of a customized experience.  We do not sell, trade, or
rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this
information by AGI.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we
will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we
disclose it.
We welcome your comments, please send email to webmaster@agiweb.org.