http://www.ntcc.edu/student-services/registrars-office/family-educational-rights-privacy-act-ferpa
Skip to main content
Student Services
Registrar's Office
Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA)
Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA)
The following information is provided to make Students, Parents, and Employees aware of this very important legislation that protects student educational records. Please review this information, and complete forms as needed. All forms regarding the withholding or release of student records should be submitted to the Registrar’s Office, located in the Administration Building.
FERPA Permission Forms:
Student Granting Access - Electronic Form on myEagle Portal
Student - FERPA Permissions
Parent Requesting Access - Must be supported with evidence that student is claimed as dependent for Federal income tax purposes
Parental Verificaton of Student Dependency
FERPA Information
What is FERPA?
What are Education Records?
STUDENT INFO:
Withholding Directory Information
PARENT INFO:
Parental Rights Under FERPA
Request Campus Tour
Apply to NTCC
NTCC Cost Calculator
NTCC was a good choice for me because it allowed me to have some of the greatest experiences of my life. It allowed me to move out and be on my own and learn who I am as a person. I would recommend others to NTCC for continuing their education because the professors are the best around and will work with you until you understand the material.
— Kyle Moos
For More Information Contact
Registrar's Office
903-434-8139
bgooding@ntcc.edu
About NTCC
Campus Map
Instructional Locations
Campus Directory
Public Information Requests
Admissions
Admissions Office
Cost Calculator
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Programs of Study
Academic Resources
Academic Assistance
Campus Library
Course Catalog
Student Success
Campus Security Employment Make a Gift
Accreditation
Campus Security
Faculty CV & Syllabi
Financial Reporting
Online Institutional Resumes
Emergency Preparedness
Human Resources
Mental Health Resources
Privacy Policy
Public Notices
State of Texas Online
Statewide Search
State Link policy
Title IX Reporting
FERPA
Northeast Texas Community College
is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, ADA institution.
Copyright © 2018 - NTCC - All Rights Reserved
2886 FM 1735, Chapel Hill Rd. Mt. Pleasant, TX 75455
PH# 903-434-8100 or 800-870-0142 : FAX 903-572-6712