http://www.eastwestcenter.org/about-ewc/help/web-help
Jump to navigation
View EWC’s coronavirus response info
donate
contact
You are hereAboutHelpWeb Help
share
Web Help
Here are some of the Center's top Frequently Asked Questions:
How can I contact the East-West Center?You can find EWC contact info here.
Where can I find someone connected with the East-West Center?We have a directory of East-West Center online, please click here .If the person is with the
University of Hawai‘i
, instead, please try their UH Directory.
How do I get to the East-West Center? For driving instructions and maps please see
Visitor Information.
How do I find out more about East-West Center Housing, including reservations, facilities, and locations? For our Residential Facilities, you can find all that information
right here.
What kinds of educational/faculty development programs are available at the Center?
College faculty development programs are offered, as well as
K-12 teacher professional development and curriculum resources.
What kinds of grants does the East-West Center offer?The Center offers:
Fellowships and scholarships for degree study at the University of Hawaii and participation in East-West Center student programs
the Visiting Fellowships for research in residence at the Center
support for participation in specific Center activities.
The East-West Center is not a funding agency and does not offer grants to support projects outside of the Center. Be sure to check our
Applications Announcement page for
scholarships, grants, and fellowships for various program along with applications and deadlines.
I have my own financial support. How do I apply to conduct my research at the Center?
Please send a curriculum vitae, a description of your proposed research, and a cover letter briefly describing why it is beneficial to conduct this work at the Center to fellowships@eastwestcenter.org. Your proposal will be reviewed by members of the Research staff before an invitation may be issued. You are also encouraged to establish contact with a member of the
Research staff who is conducting work on areas related to yours.
Does the Center offer internships?Center staff members occasionally welcome volunteers who wish to gain experience contributing to a Center project. Interested persons should send a detailed description of research experience and interests, and a CV to
Research Program Officer. This information will be shared with relevant members of the research staff to determine if they will invite a volunteer intern. Potential interns are also encouraged to review the
list of Center projects to establish contact with the project staff. Inquiries may be circulated to and reviewed by several research staff members. While we try to give a definite response to all intern inquiries, this is not always possible.The East-West Center in Washington, DC, also has an internship program, click here to learn more about it.
Having troubles with a document on the site?Is it a
PDF
( filename
.pdf) document? You may not have the correct browser application installed. For PDF documents you need the free Adobe Acrobat Reader.
Get Acrobat Reader
Who do I speak to at the Center about news stories? For news releases, media inquiries and news about the East-West Center, contact
Karen Knudsen or call (808)944-7195.
How can I find information about a country or region? The East-West Center conducts its research, education, and seminar activities using an issues-based focus. Usually these projects also have a country or regional focus but EWC work is not organized by country or area as it is in area studies programs at universities. If you are studying a particular country or region and want to see if EWC is doing work relevant to your interests, please follow these searching tips: To find EWC staff who study a country or region, go to
Research Staff and use Edit/Find in your browser to search for the name of the country or region (i.e China or Pacific Islands). To find EWC research projects on a country or region, go to
Research Projects and Edit/Find in your browser to search for the name of the country or region. To find EWC publications on a country or region, go to
Publications and, in the Search For box, type the name of the country or region.You can find information about individual countries (and ASEAN) and their relationship to the US in the East-West Center's Asia Matters for America initiative: AsiaMattersForAmerica.org
Still have questions?You'll find East-West Center's contact information here.
print
print
Web Help
Site Map
Privacy Statement
donate to east-west center subscribe to email updates
More from our site
Create Your Own Fund
Contact Us
Morrison's Address
Privacy Statement
Online Community
Thank You
Featured Publications
The Mekong Matters for America/America Matters for the Mekong
East-West Center in Washington and Stimson Center
Challenges and Responses to COVID-19: Experience from Asia
Nancy Davis Lewis and Jonathan D. Mayer
China's Pandemic Diplomacy
Denny Roy
COViD-19 Pandemic Prompts a New Look at Ecological Security
Laura Brewington
Planning for Pandemics: Learning from the 2004–05 Avian Influenza Outbreak in Vietnam
James H. Spencer, Devid Marasco, and Michelle Eichinger
Small Grants Guide
Keith Bettinger
Climate Change in Guam: Indicators and Considerations for Key Sectors
Zena Grecni, Wendy Miles, Romina King, Abby Frazier, and Victoria Keener
Climate Change in Palau: Indicators and Considerations for Key Sectors
Wendy Miles, Zena Grecni, Erbai Xavier Matsutaro, Patrick Colin, Victoria Keener, and Yimnang Golbuu
View all publications »
Featured SitesPacific Islands Development ProgramEnhancing quality of life across the Pacific.Asia Matters for AmericaAn online hub for graphical data on US-Asia interactions.Pacific RISAManaging climate risk in the Pacific.Humans of EWCPersonal portraits from the Center community.