http://www.academyolmo.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Navigation path
You are here:
Home > Terms of Service
The Web Site (after also the «Service») URL
belongs to the following person (after also «Owner»):
Centro Culturale Academy Olmo
Registered Address: P.tta Santa Maria in Girone, 1, 47010 Portico e S.Benedetto (FC)
VAT Number: 04068590407
Telephone: +39 0543967053
Email: info@academyolmo.com
Using the Service, the user explicitly accept the following Terms of Service («Terms»). Please read them carefully.
Exclusion of warrantyThe user explicitly accepts the Service employment, which is at his risk and danger. Despite the efforts of the Owner, due to the control of the information quality, the Service and its contents are supplied without warranty of any kind, explicit or implicit.
Moreover, the Owner can not guarantee that:
the Service and its contents are going to be continuous, well-timed, safe and without errors;
the results, that it is possible to obtain from the use of this Service, will be effective, clear and reliable.
The Service and its contents may contain technical errors, inaccuracy and font errors. The Owner reserves the right to modify them at any time and without notice.
Limitation of ResponsibilityBy any chance the Owner can be responsible for any damages deriving from the use of the Service or from its contents.
Third Parts SitesThe Service may contain link to other web sites, managed from third parts. These link are exclusively provided for information purposes and for practical reasons. This does not imply any connection of third sites' association or affiliation with this Service, neither an approval of these contents by the Owner.
Suspension of the ServiceTo the Owner belongs the right of transferring, giving away, interrupting, suspending all or a part of the Service, in any case with or without notice.
Written information and processing of personal dataThe user accepts that the communications with the Owner are mainly electronic. The processing of the user's personal data is described in Privacy Policy.
Independence of the clausesAny clause of these Terms will be explained separately and independently from the others. If a clause is considered invalid, or useless, it will be considered independent from the others and it will not compromise the validity or the efficiency of the others clauses, written in these Terms.
Terms of Service UpgradeThe Owner reserves the right to modify the present Terms at any time, warning the user in one of the following way:
through news on the web site
through the change of the page, containing these Terms
through email.
Governing Law and JurisdictionThese terms are subject to the law of the Italian Republic, and the parts will devolve any eventual dispute to the territorial Jurisdiction for the headquarters of the Owner.
Newsletter Name:Surname:* La tua Email:* Do you consent to data processing?YesNo
Iscriviti
×
Privacy - Newsletter
Centro Culturale Academy Olmo will process the personal information you provide in this form in compliance with the GDPR and the Privacy Code.
By submitting this form you consent to the processing of personal data necessary for registration to our mailing list with the intention of receiving informative and/or commercial communications from us, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
By submitting this form you also consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of MailChimp, the software used for the automated management of this mailing list.
At any time you can withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data used in this mailing list, change the reception settings and/or unsubscribe through appropriate links that you will find in the emails you will receive. In addition, you can always exercise your rights regarding the processing of personal data by sending a request to info@academyolmo.com.
To consent to the processing of personal data you must first complete all the required fields.
Back
Take a few seconds to read.
I accept the conditions
I reject the conditions
This website uses technical cookies. Do you also want to consent to the use of third-party cookies for statistics and personalized content, as per our Privacy Policy? You can always change your mind later.
I consent
I decline