http://www.cvcc.edu/usage-privacy-policy.cfm
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Skip to content
Alert:
Coronavirus Preparations & Updates - Message from the President
Discover
Future Red Hawk
Red Hawk Alumni
Red Hawk Community
MYCVCC Portal
Explore
Academic Resources
Academic Resources
Admissions
Advising Center
Programs of Study
Career and College Promise
Catalog
Continuing Education Innovation Centers
Early College
Early High School Graduate
Financial Aid
International Student
Learning Assistance Center
Registration
Semester Schedules
Student Life
Student Records
Testing Center
About Us
About Us
Accreditation
Mission, Vision & History
Meet the President
Board of Trustees
Faculty & Staff Directory
CVCC Foundation
Consumer & Business Information
Policies and Procedures
Office of Research & Accountability (ORA)
Athletics
Redhawk Publishing
K64
Campus Resources
Campus Resources
Business Office
Campus Store
Career Services and Job Placement
Food Services
Library
Veterans Center
Safety & Security
CVCC Go App
Alert System Info
Alerts Messages
ValleySim Hospital
Writing Center
CVCC Help Desk
Donate
Search
MyCVCC
Apply Now
CVCCUsage and Privacy Policy
Usage and Privacy Policy
Usage and Privacy Policy of Catawba Valley Community College
Privacy
All personally identifiable information for faculty, staff, and students is held by a secure network and storage system. All payments are received through a verified and secured process. Data is never resold, divulged or communicated to any other entity.
Acceptable Use of Catawba Valley Community College Technology Resources
This policy addresses the acceptable use of technology resources provided or sponsored by Catawba Valley Community College (the “College”). Technology resources include (but are not necessarily limited to) computers, software, networks, Internet access, telephones, voice mail, printers, scanners, copiers, and electronic (email) services. This policy applies to all users of technology resources provided by the College. Compliance is mandatory. Compliance is critical to the security and integrity of technology resources.
Use of College technology resources shall be in compliance with local, state, and federal law. Use of College technology resources shall comply with any contractual or professional obligations of the College. All users are responsible for using technology resources in an efficient, responsible, considerate, ethical, and lawful manner. Any information distributed by a user must accurately identify the creator, distributor, and recipient of that information.
Access to technology resources is a privilege rather than a right. Access may be withdrawn from those who use it inappropriately or irresponsibly. Users who violate any of the technology resource policies may be subject to disciplinary action and/or legal action.
College technology resources are to be used to fulfill the mission of the College. Acceptable uses by faculty and staff include:
Use to complete the official work of the College (including instruction and administration)
Use directly related to academic research activities approved by the College
Use directly related to service on behalf of the College
Use directly related to professional development activities approved by the College
Very limited non-commercial personal use as long as that use does not interfere with the work of the College and does not create additional cost for the College
Acceptable uses by students include:
Use directly related to classes in which the student is officially enrolled
Use directly related to service activities approved by the College
Very limited non-commercial personal use as long as that use does not interfere with the work of the College and does not create additional cost for the College
Technology resources may not be used for any purpose which is illegal, immoral, unethical, dishonest, damaging to the reputation of the College, inconsistent with the mission of the College, or which may subject the College to liability. Unacceptable uses of the College’s technology resources include, but are not limited to, the following:
Harassment
Libel or slander
Fraud or misrepresentation
Destruction of or damage to equipment, software, or data belonging to the College or to others
Disruption or unauthorized monitoring of electronic communications
Unauthorized access of electronically stored information
Infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or the rights of others
Use of the College logo without prior approval from the Director of Community Relations for the College
Violation of computer system security
Unauthorized use of computer accounts, access codes (including passwords), or network identification numbers (including email accounts) assigned to others
Unauthorized access to the College’s information systems, Internet or other networked computers
Use of computer communications resources in ways that disrupt or impede the computing activities of others
Use of technology resources for commercial business purposes unrelated to the College, for personal profit, or for solicitation of resources for non-College sponsored activities
Academic dishonesty
Violation of software license agreements
Violation of network usage policies and regulations
Violation of privacy
Posting, sending, or intentionally accessing pornographic, sexually explicit, or offensive material
Posting, sending, or intentionally accessing material that is contrary to the mission of the College
Intentional distribution of computer viruses, Trojan horses, timebombs, worms, or other rogue programming
Use of electronic mail (email) for chain letters, pyramid schemes, unsolicited mass mailings (spamming)
All installations, modifications, and/or repairs of technology resources must be authorized by the Executive Officer of Technology Services or designees. Unauthorized resources are subject to seizure by the College.
The usage of College technology resources may be monitored as authorized by the Executive Officer of Technology Services or designee.
College personnel or designees will generally not access the content of user files except as follows: the user gives prior consent, the College needs to ensure the security or operating performance of its systems or networks, the College has a reasonable concern that a violation of College policy or law has occurred, or the College is complying with a valid subpoena or search warrant issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, other reasons as determined necessary by the President of the College. Therefore, the College does not guarantee privacy regarding the use of College technology resources.
Any questions as to the appropriate use of technology resources should be directed to the Executive Officer of Technology Services.
Electronic Mail Services
Email is a service provided by the College to facilitate communication and the transfer of information related to the mission of the College. This policy addresses the expectations for and use of email services established and/or sponsored by the College (“College email”).
College email is a College technology resource. Users are subject to all other policies regarding College technology resources.
Users may expect reasonable access to College email. However, access cannot be guaranteed to be available at all times or in all circumstances.
College email may be accessed for routine management or maintenance purposes.
College email users must accurately identify themselves in their electronic correspondence.
Users may be required to manage their College email storage space due to the limitations of storage resources.
College email accounts established for faculty and staff will be terminated within 90 days from the last day of employment. College email accounts established for students may be terminated at the end of the enrollment period.