https://www.longyear.org/terms-conditions/
Welcome,
My Profile
My History
My Payment Methods
My Recurring Payments
Logout
My Account
Please note that all Museum Store orders must be placed no later than Friday, December 18th to arrive by Christmas. You can place your order directly on our website or over the phone and we will be happy to assist you.
Search
My Cart
0
Search
Terms & Conditions
Longyear Museum maintains this website to provide you with information, and for education and communication. Please feel free to browse the site. You may download material displayed on this site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the contents of this site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without the permission of Longyear Museum.
You should assume that everything you see or read on this site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted. Longyear Museum neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Longyear Museum.
While Longyear Museum makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this site, it makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Longyear Museum assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on this site.
Any communication or material you transmit to this site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Longyear Museum or its affiliates for any purpose consistent with the posted Longyear Museum website.
The Longyear Museum website (www.Longyear.org) may from time-to-time link to third-party websites for your convenience and to provide easy access to additional useful information. Should you select such a link you will leave the Longyear Museum’s website. Longyear Museum does not control those sites nor their privacy practices, which may differ from Longyear Museum’s practices and policies. Any personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by such third parties is not in any way covered by the Longyear Museum’s Privacy Policy.  We recommend that you read over such website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. A link to another website from Longyear Museum’s website does not constitute an endorsement or representation about the value, quality, or usefulness of anything found on that third-party website.  Longyear Museum has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
If you have provided Longyear Museum with your e-mail address and we have sent you promotional or informational e-mail, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out or change any editable aspects of your subscriptions with Longyear Museum. We will make every reasonable effort to handle your request as quickly and efficiently as possible. If at any time you wish to correspond directly with Longyear Museum about your subscriptions or our policies, please e-mail us at letters@longyear.org.