http://www.cartermuseum.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Art is priceless, and so is your privacy. We promise to respect it. If you like to read the fine print, here it is.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who visit our website or interact with us offline, such as through email or telephonic communications and are concerned with how their “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website.
Still have questions?
Get in touch with the Carter.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
In general, you can visit our website without revealing personal information. We collect personal information if you voluntarily submit the information to us. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, fill out a form, make a donation, or enter information on our site, and through the use of “cookies,” as described below.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries). To fulfill member benefits.
To comply with the law or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. The museum uses industry standard security measures to safeguard your PII. Despite the security measures employed by the museum, it is impossible to guarantee absolute security of information sent through the Internet. The museum will, to the extent possible, control your PII and not disclose information to third parties except as noted in this policy. It is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information, including your name, address, email address, phone number, and IP information, including browser type, IP address, pages visited, time and date of visit, and credit card information if you make a purchase. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may collect statistical information about the use of the website to determine how the website is used by our visitors.
We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
We do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII unless we provide users with advance notice. However, we share the personal information provided by you with trusted companies we may hire to assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, such as third party credit card processors, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses date when you use our Site, visit google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Opting out:
You may opt out of future communications from us by email or by calling 817.738.1933.
Retention
We will process and store your information only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of information is the respective statutory retention period or as provided in our record retention policy. After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
A link to this policy can be found on our home page, cartermuseum.org
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy” and can easily be found on the page specified above.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur, we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
International Visitors
This section applies to those that visit our Site from the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
We process personal information with your consent (e.g., when we process personal information to provide goods and services you request, such as to process donations you make).
On other occasions, we may process personal information when it needs to do this to fulfill a contract (e.g., to process membership applications) or where required to do this by law.
If necessary, we may also process personal information when it is in our legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for customer service and fraud detection purposes) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Please be aware that the personal information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal information in the United States.
You have a right to the following:
To request access to the personal information we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal information;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal information about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal information directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.
To exercise these rights, contact us by email. Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
ACM PROVIDES THE SITE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. YOUR USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, AND COMPILATION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ACM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP AND/OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER THIRD PARTY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. ACM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL PROVIDE CONTINUOUS, PROMPT, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE. ACM MAKES REASONABLE, ONGOING EFFORTS TO REVISE AND UPDATE THE SITE, BUT ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, INCLUDING THE INACCURACY OF CONTENT, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SITE. ACM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES MAY AFFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE REPRODUCTION OF THE CONTENT OR COMPILATION.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NEITHER ACM, ITS AFFILIATES, TRUSTEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, COMPENSATORY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, AND/OR COMPILATION.
Please note that ACM may revise its privacy policy at any time, without notice, such changes to be effective immediately upon posting on the ACM website. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy.
Venue and choice of law
These Terms and Conditions and any counterparts, amendments, or revisions thereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any case, controversy, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, in connection with, or related to this Agreement shall be brought in any Federal or State court located in Tarrant County and the State of Texas, and the parties hereby waive any objection that they may have to personal jurisdiction in these courts.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change and changes will be reflected within this document.