https://www.warmuseum.ca/about/privacy-statement/
We are open Wednesday through Sunday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., and until 8 p.m. on Thursday, with safety measures in place.
Book your tickets here. We can’t wait to see you again!
Dismiss message
Book a space for a corporate or private event at the Canadian War Museum.
Learn More
Join the ranks of an exceptional team of employees who help ensure the success of two of Canada's most prestigious and visited museums.
Search Jobs
Building Features
Media Centre
Buy Tickets
Membership
Donate
Today's Hours
10:00 AM - 4:00 PM
See All Hours
Contact Us
Canada’s national museum of military historywith3 millionArtifacts and items in its collection500,000Visitors every year2005Opened new location on Lebreton Flats#1Of 299 things to do in Ottawa (TripAdvisor 2018)
About the Museum
Building Features
About the Corporation
Jobs
Copyright and Permissions
Privacy Notice
Disclaimers
Privacy NoticeThe Canadian War Museum is committed to respecting the personal privacy of individuals who visit its website. This statement summarizes the privacy policy and practices on the warmuseum.ca website.
All personal information held or collected by the Canadian War Museum is protected under the federal Privacy Act.
The Museum’s websites do not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or email address. We would only obtain this type of information if you supplied it voluntarily by sending us an email or registering in a secure portion of the site.
The Canadian War Museum employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted the website, the date and time of the visit, and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
The Canadian War Museum does not normally use “cookies” to track how our visitors use this site or to determine sites previously visited. (A “cookie” is a file that may be placed on your hard drive without your knowledge by a website to allow it to monitor your use of the site.)
Information on individual visitors is used by Museum employees who need to know the information to respond to your requests or to ensure the security of this system. We only share the information you give us with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution. We do not use the information to create individually identifiable profiles, nor do we disclose this information to anyone outside the federal government.
Questions or comments regarding this policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act by the Canadian War Museum may be directed to the following address:
Corporate Secretary and Director General, Strategic Planning
Canadian Museum of History
100 Laurier Street
Gatineau QC K1A 0M8
Canada
If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
Need More Information?
By Telephone
Local: 819-776-7000
Toll Free: 1-800-555-5621
TTY for People with Hearing Disabilities: 819-776-7003
By Mail
Canadian War Museum
1 Vimy Place
Ottawa, ON K1A 0M8