https://www.halesowen.ac.uk/data-protection-learner-privacy
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site.
By continuing to use the website you agree to our
Cookie Policy.
Change Settings
OK
Keep up to date with our FAQ:
Coronavirus Updates & FAQ.
×
Cancel
Data Protection & Learner Privacy
How We Use Your Personal Information
This privacy notice is issued by Halesowen College to inform learners how the College will use their personal information. For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) the College is the data controller for personal information processed by the College.
Your information is used by the College to exercise its functions and to meet its responsibilities, both statutory and otherwise for delivery of your study programme/course and associated activities.
Your information may be shared with third parties for funding, education, training, employment, debt collection, marketing, safeguarding/wellbeing purposes and research in as far as the law allows and the sharing is in compliance with the GDPR. Should you wish to abstain from your image/details being used in marketing materials you must contact the data protection controller at dp@halesowen.ac.uk.
Halesowen College will also share with the people you declare to be your emergency contacts on your learning agreement, information about your attendance at College, progress and results, behaviour and any other details relevant to your study programme/College experience, and/or any information that you have provided to the College.
You can opt out of contact for other purposes by ticking any of the boxes on your learning agreement.
Further information about use of and access to your personal data refer to theCollege Data Protection Policy.
ESFA Privacy Notice 2017 to 2018
Halesowen College is funded for your course by the Education Skills Funding Agency (ESFA). Both the College and the agency will use your personal data as described in the privacy notices below.
How We Use Your Personal Information
This privacy notice is issued by the Education and Skills Funding Agency (ESFA), on behalf of the Secretary of State for the Department of Education (DfE). It is to inform learners how their personal information will be used by the DfE, the ESFA (an executive agency of the DfE) and any successor bodies to these organisations. For the purposes of relevant data protection legislation, the DfE is the data controller for personal data processed by the ESFA.
Your personal information is used by the DfE to exercise its functions and to meet its statutory responsibilities, including under the Apprenticeships, Skills, Children and Learning Act 2009 and to create and maintain a unique learner number (ULN) and a personal learning record (PLR). Your information will be securely destroyed after it is no longer required for these purposes.
Your information may be shared with third parties for education, training, employment and well-being related purposes, including for research. This will only take place where the law allows it and the sharing is in compliance with data protection legislation.
The English European Social Fund (ESF) Managing Authority (or agents acting on its behalf) may contact you in order for them to carry out research and evaluation to inform the effectiveness of training.
Further information about use of and access to your personal data, details of organisations with whom we regularly share data, information about how long we retain your data, and how to change your consent to being contacted, please visit: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/esfa-privacy-notice