http://www.trinitydc.edu/academic-catalog/policies-edu/
Trinity has separate email systems for students and employees. Please identify yourself.
I am a student at Trinity.
I am a Trinity employee.
Remember my choice on this computer.
Let me into my email already!
Academic Catalog 2020-2021 |
Policies – EDU
School of Education Academic Policies
Trinity reserves the right to change, without prior notice, any policy or procedure, tuition or fee, curricular requirements, or any other information found on this web site or in its printed materials.
Contents
Student Status
Degree and Non-Degree Status
Full-Time and Part-Time Status
Leave of Absence
Withdrawal from the College
Intervention Policy
Commencement Participation
Advising, Enrollment, and Registration
Advising
Registration
Course Schedule Adjustments
Audit
Withdrawal from a Course
Late Withdrawal from a Course
Attendance and Examinations
Attendance
Final Examinations
Comprehensive Examinations and Assessments
Transfer Policies & Courses at Other Institutions
Transfer Credits Satisfying Degree Requirements
Courses at Other Institutions
Courses Through the Consortium of Universities of the Washington Metropolitan Area
Credit Through Non-College or Experiential Learning
Degree Requirements
General Requirements for the Master’s Degree (M.A.T., M.Ed., M.S.A)
Capstone Projects, Practica, and Student Teaching
Grading System
Grades and Grade Point Average (GPA)
Incomplete Grades
Grades for Work In Progress
Grades for Withdrawals
Grade Changes
Grades for Repeated Courses
Academic Standing
Good Academic Standing
Academic Probation
Academic Dismissal
Readmission
Academic Appeals
General Policy for Appeals
Appealing a Final Grade in a Course Below a “B” (3.0), Excluding Grades of “F”
Appealing a Final Grade of “F” in a Course
Appealing an Academic Dismissal
Other Academic Complaints
Student Information, Records, and Transcripts
Disclosure
Maintenance of Student Records
Transcripts
Student Status
Degree and Non-Degree Status
Full-Time and Part-Time Status
Leave of Absence
Withdrawal from the College
Intervention Policy
Commencement Participation
All degree and non-degree students in the School of Education are graduate students and must hold a bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution. Undergraduate education majors are a part of the College of Arts and Sciences or the School for Professional Studies and are coordinated with the School of Education.
Degree or matriculated students have been formally admitted to a degree program in the School of Education at Trinity.
Non-degree students have not been admitted to a degree program; they enroll for a limited period, often with the intent to transfer credit to a degree program. Non-degree students must complete appropriate application forms with the Office of Admissions. Enrollment in courses as a non-degree student does not denote or imply admission to a degree program. No more than six credits earned at Trinity as a non-degree student may later be applied toward a degree. Special policies apply to credit earned in professional development workshops; these credits may not be applied toward a degree (see below).
Students with non-degree status may apply for degree status by meeting all admission requirements; the student’s faculty advisor must approve in writing all credits earned as a non-degree student that will count toward the student’s degree.
Full-time and Part-time Status
A full-time graduate student in the Education Programs registers for nine or more credits in a semester. A part-time graduate student in the School of Education registers for fewer than nine credits in a semester. No student may register for more than twelve credits per semester without obtaining permission from the Dean. Further, no student may register for more than fifteen credits per semester; this includes courses taken outside of Trinity. To be considered eligible for Federal financial aid, a student must register for a minimum of six credits in a semester.
Leave of Absence
A leave of absence is a voluntary leave from campus for up to one year, with the intention of returning to Trinity. The student will not have to apply for readmission as long as she or he returns within this time frame.
A leave of absence allows the student to continue an affiliation with the University. Unlike a withdrawal (see below), a leave of absence allows Trinity to keep the student on a mailing list and continue to send important information, such as registration materials.
Students receiving financial aid must have an exit interview with a representative of Student Financial Services before the leave of absence is approved because lenders perceive a leave of absence as a withdrawal. Students are responsible for all tuition associated with course registrations and any other fees associated with the University.
Students requesting a leave of absence should adhere to the following procedures:
Student requests a leave of absence from the Dean; the approved Leave of Absence Form is distributed to the student’s advisor and Enrollment Services.
If a leave of absence is requested to begin in the middle of a semester in which the student is taking classes, the student must first withdraw from all classes in accordance with the policy for course withdrawals (see below).
The student meets with an academic advisor for an exit interview.
The student meets with a representative of Enrollment Services if the student is receiving or has received financial aid.
Student arranges payment for all outstanding bills with the Business Office.
Withdrawal from the University
A withdrawal from the University indicates that the student has no intention of returning to Trinity. If the student decides to return at a later date, the student must apply for readmission.
Since withdrawal from the University has immediate implications on financial aid, students must have an exit interview with a representative of Student Financial Services. Students are responsible for all tuition associated with course registrations and any other fees associated with the University.
Students who withdraw from the University should follow these procedures:
Notify the Dean of the School of Education of intent to withdraw from the University.
Withdraw from all classes in accordance with the policy for course withdrawals (see below) if the student withdraws from the University in the middle of a semester in which the student is taking classes.
Meet with an academic advisor for an exit interview.
Meet with a representative of Student Financial Services.
Student arranges payment for all outstanding bills with the Business Office.
Order an official transcript and ensure that it indicates withdrawal from the University after the completed withdrawal request has been processed.
Intervention Policy
The faculty of the School of Education is deeply committed to the professional development of each student. Upon occasion, our concern for the ability of specific students to function at the standard level expected within the profession is called into question. The educator’s role and obligation in maintaining the integrity of the educational profession is found in the ethical codes of the professional organizations for teachers, administrators, and counselors.
The Code of Ethics of the Education Profession of the National Educational Association states:
Commitment to the Profession (Principle II):
The education profession is vested by the public with a trust and responsibility requiring the highest ideals of professional service. It is the belief that the quality of the services of the education profession directly influences the nation and its citizens, the educator shall exert every effort to raise professional standards, to promote a climate that encourages the exercise of professional judgment, to achieve conditions that attract persons worthy of trust to careers in education, and to assist in preventing the practice of the profession by unqualified persons.
In fulfillment of the obligation to the profession, the educator shall not assist any entry into the profession of a person known to be unqualified in respect to character, education, or other relevant attribute.
This policy is not intended to supersede actions that may be taken against a student by Trinity for unsatisfactory academic progress or for violations for the Trinity Honor Code and Honesty Policy.
Students will be evaluated throughout their degree programs in three areas:
ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE: Each graduate student is expected to maintain a minimum 3.0 (B) grade point average.
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS: Each student is expected to demonstrate effective interpersonal skills considered requisite to the field of education. These skills include the ability to:
Function effectively with fellow students and faculty.
Be open and adaptable in relationships with fellow students; faculty; and students, supervisors and school personnel at their field placement sites.
Demonstrate self-awareness by being open to self-examination and commitment to personal growth.
Demonstrate a positive attitude toward the learning process and toward fellow students.
Cope with stressors presented by the expectations of all academic requirements and additional stressors such as family and job situations.
Maintain a calm, rational, professional demeanor when faced with adversity, disappointments, and disagreements with students, supervisors, parents, and instructors.
ETHICAL BEHAVIOR: Each student is expected to demonstrate awareness of and adherence to the ethical standards of the relevant professional associations both in field experiences and in the classroom.
Academic Review
If a student is experiencing difficulty in meeting the assessments and/or standards of a particular course, the course instructor will notify the student in writing with a copy of the correspondence to the student’s academic advisor. As appropriate, a referral plan for assistance by the Writing Center or Academic Services Center may be written, or the instructor may provide remediation within the course.
Interpersonal Skills and Ethical Behavior
The Faculty of the School of Education has established the following path as a working guide when questions regarding student retention arise:
The individual faculty member meets with the student, expresses specific concern(s) to the student, and seeks to establish a mutually agreed upon plan to resolve the situation before more action is required.
If a plan cannot be reached between the faculty member and the student, if the student fails to follow the agreement reached, or if the plan agreed on fails to resolve the concern, the faculty member is free to discuss the question of a student’s progress and/or competence with the student’s academic advisor. This can be done in an informal discussion and may include other School of Education faculty members, as needed. The goal of this action is to resolve the situation with the input of other faculty and to formulate a reasonable corrective action plan.
If the student objects to the plan resulting from step two or if the informal approach developed during step two fails to accomplish the desired goal, the issue will be forwarded for formal review by the School of Professional and Graduate Studies Curriculum and Academic Policy (PGS-CAP) committee.  The purposes of the formal review are: to determine if an actionable problem exists; if a specific plan to resolve the issue can be developed; and if the student should be retained in the program.
After reviewing the original concern and the student’s academic performance, interpersonal skills, and ethical behavior, the Retention and Review Committee will determine the student’s status in the program. The student and faculty member will be provided the opportunity to present any appropriate information.
A decision will be made which may include one of the following:
The concerns raised by the faculty member do not warrant further action, and the student will be allowed to continue in the program without restriction.
The student will be placed on “Professional Probation” with specific requirements for remediation. Procedures will be specified for progress to be monitored by the concerned faculty member, the student’s academic advisor, and the Dean of the School of Education. The Committee will also determine if and when the student may be removed from “Professional Probation.” While on “Professional Probation,” the student will not be allowed to enroll in Practicum or Internship courses, but may be enrolled in other courses, appropriate to the student’s program of study.
The student may be terminated from the program and may not enroll in further course work in the School of Education at Trinity.
The student will be informed of the Retention and Review Committee’s decision through written communication within 10 days of the meeting. The student may appeal the Committee’s decision to Trinity’s Vice President of Academic Affairs/Provost; such an appeal must be in writing and must be postmarked no more than 10 days following the date of the written communication from the Committee. If no resolution is reached at the level of the Vice President of Academic Affairs/Provost, the appeal may be forwarded to Trinity’s President. The decision of the President is final.
Commencement Participation
Only students who have fulfilled all requirements may participate in Commencement and related activities.
To participate in Commencement, students must adhere to the following procedures:
Submit an application for graduation to Enrollment Services by the printed deadline.
Receive financial clearance.
Participate in an advisor audit. Advisors will provide a written audit of each student’s transcript and forward the signed transcript to Enrollment Services, indicating the student’s status for graduation.
Students completing the certificate program may take part in the respective program celebratory acknowledgement of certificate of completion.  Students may be mailed their certificates and the date of completion will be recorded on their transcripts.
Return to Top
Advising, Enrollment, and Registration
Advising
Registration
Course Schedule Adjustments
Audit
Withdrawal from a Course
Late Withdrawal from a Course
Advising
Advising for Degree Students
Students admitted to a degree program must meet with an academic advisor to discuss their career options and degree requirements; students and advisors collaboratively plan a Program of Study. Once a Program of Study is on file in the School of Education, students may choose to register by obtaining the approval of their advisor or the appropriate academic Dean who verifies their Program of Study. If students propose to deviate from their Program of Study (e.g. take an additional course or take a course out of sequence), they must discuss the proposed course of study with their academic advisor and obtain the advisor’s signature.
Advising for Non-Degree Students
Students who have not been fully admitted into a degree program should be advised to take courses according to the sequences established by the appropriate graduate program. Offices that perform advising functions should follow the recommended course sequences outlined by each graduate program. To register, non-degree students must obtain the signature of the Director of Admissions for the School of Education, the Dean of the School of Education, or the Dean’s designate.
Advisor Assignment and Change of Advisors
Students are assigned academic advisors specific to their course of study. Only in extenuating circumstances may students change advisors if an option is available.
Registration
During the registration period near the end of each term, matriculated students register for courses according to the Program of Study for the following semester. After selecting the appropriate courses, each student must register via Self-Service, following all instructions. Incomplete registrations will not be processed, and registrations will not be processed until all financial holds are cleared.
Course Schedule Adjustments
Students may add or drop courses without academic penalty during the designated Course Schedule Adjustment period at the start of each semester; official deadlines are listed on the Academic Calendar. During this period students may also change to or from a formal audit or alter the number of credits in courses carrying variable credit. If a schedule change involves increased tuition and/or fees, payment arrangements must be made before the change will be processed. Students seeking a Course Schedule Adjustment should follow these procedures:
Obtain a Schedule Adjustment Form.
Meet with an academic advisor to discuss how the proposed change(s) may affect the student’s academic goals and progress toward degree.
Complete relevant sections of the Schedule Adjustment Form and obtain advisor’s signature.
Return signed form to Enrollment Services.
Audit
Formal audits
Classes audited on a formal basis will appear on the transcript, but they do not carry credits applicable toward a degree. Students in the School of Education must pay a fee per credit to audit a class. Students must obtain formal permission from their academic advisor to audit a class. An auditor must register for the course and attend class meetings regularly.
Informal audits
Informal audits of classes in the School of Education are not allowed; only enrolled students or formal auditors may attend classes. Children may not attend classes with or without their parents (see below).
Withdrawal from a Course
Once the Course Schedule Adjustment period has passed, a course may not be removed from a student’s academic record for any reason, but students may still withdraw from a course at any time up to the deadline for withdrawal from all classes; exact dates are listed in the Academic calendar. This policy is not applicable to Winter and May Terms or other intensive sessions; in such cases, withdrawal is not allowed after the published Course Schedule Adjustment period.
When a student withdraws from a course, a designation of “W” (Withdrawal) will appear on the student’s transcript. Students who fail to withdraw officially or to meet course requirements are liable to receive a grade of “F” (Fail).
Students are responsible for the full payment for courses from which they have withdrawn. Students should refer to the published course schedule for withdrawal and payment information. To withdraw from a course, students should follow this procedure:
Obtain a Schedule Adjustment Form.
Confer with an academic advisor to discuss how withdrawing from the course will affect academic plans.
Complete relevant sections of the Schedule Adjustment Form.
Obtain the signatures of their academic advisor and the course instructor.
Return signed form to Registration Services or the Office of the Registrar.
Enrollment Services will inform the course instructor(s) in writing that the student has officially withdrawn from the courses(s).
Late Withdrawal from a Course
Withdrawing from a course after the deadline to withdraw constitutes a late withdrawal; late withdrawal is a serious academic matter and an application for late withdrawal will be considered only in exceptional circumstances. Late withdrawals will not be considered after the last day of classes.
When a student withdraws from a course late, a designation of “W” (Withdrawal) will appear on the student’s transcript. Students who fail to withdraw officially or to meet course requirements are liable to receive a grade of “F” (Fail).
Students are responsible for the full payment for courses from which they have withdrawn late. To pursue late withdrawal from a course, students should follow this procedure:
Student obtains Petition for Schedule Adjustment after Registration Deadline form from Enrollment Services.
Student meets with advisor to discuss how withdrawal from the course will affect academic plans.
Student fills out relevant sections of the form.
Student obtains the signatures of student’s academic advisor and returns the form to Enrollment Services.
Enrollment Services consults with the Dean and, as appropriate, the School of Professional and Graduate Studies Curriculum and Academic Policy (PGS CAP) Committee. A final decision is rendered regarding the appeal.
If the application is approved, Enrollment Services will inform the course instructor(s) in writing that the student has officially withdrawn from the course(s).
Return to Top
Attendance and Examinations
Attendance
Final Examinations
Comprehensive Examinations and Assessments
Attendance
Students are expected to attend all class meetings; class attendance means students are punctual and stay for the duration of the class. Faculty have the right and obligation to monitor attendance, and absences are defined at the instructor’s discretion. Students are responsible for reviewing the attendance policy for each instructor as listed in the course syllabus. A student’s final course grade will be impacted by class attendance. See the course syllabus.
No children may attend classes or be left unattended anywhere on campus; childcare is the responsibility of the student. We understand that child care emergencies happen. However, Trinity is not in a position to provide emergency child care on campus. We advise students, faculty and staff who have child care emergencies to choose to remain at home rather than trying to bring the child to campus.
Final Examinations
Course examinations or final assessments are held at the end of each semester at the discretion of each instructor.
In accordance with the Honor System, Trinity’s semester examinations are not proctored. The faculty entrusts the students and the Student Association with the responsibility of maintaining the integrity of this system.
Comprehensive Examinations and Assessments
Comprehensive Examination for Candidates in Teacher Education
Prior to enrolling in the Internship (Student Teaching), candidates for the M.A.T. and Undergraduate Majors in Education must achieve qualifying scores on the appropriate exam, as listed below by program.
These exams provide an opportunity for faculty to review candidates’ knowledge, skills, and dispositions to ensure their readiness for student teaching. The examinations also provide an opportunity for teacher candidates to integrate the knowledge gained from coursework and field experiences and to apply that knowledge to hypothetical situations similar to those that might be encountered when teaching.
All students in the Masters of Arts in Teaching should see their academic advisor, well in advance, regarding preparation and registration for the examination.
When a candidate is unsuccessful in achieving a qualifying score after three opportunities, the faculty reserves the right, on approval of the Dean, to not recommend the student for graduation, for endorsement for certification/licensure, or both. Student appeals must be filed with the Dean within four weeks of being notified of the third failure.
Candidates in the Early Childhood Education, Elementary Education, Secondary Education, and Special Education MAT programs must pass the Praxis II exam in their content area(s) prior to student teaching.  During the semester of student teaching all candidates complete a Content Portfolio, which is made up of unit plans in the various content areas required in these fields, along with context and reflection.  Many of these unit plans will have been submitted as assignments in previous coursework.  The University Supervisor will guide candidates through the requirements for the Content Portfolio.
Comprehensive Examination for Candidates in Educational Administration
Students in the Educational Administration Program are required to earn a minimum performance rating of “Meets the Standard” on the Final Project, a standards-based portfolio. In addition, students in districts requiring state licensure may elect to take the external assessment, the School Leaders Licensure Assessment, in order to meet state qualifications. Students who do not demonstrate mastery of the Standards for School Leaders as evidenced in the standards-based portfolio will register to repeat EDAD 662 – Internship in Administration III.
Return to Top
Transfer Policies & Courses at Other Institutions
Transfer Credits Satisfying Degree Requirements
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate Program Transfer Policy
Courses at Other Institutions
Courses Through the Consortium of Universities of the Washington Metropolitan Area
Credit Through Non-College or Experiential Learning
Transfer Credits Satisfying Graduate Degree Requirements
A maximum of six transfer credits may be granted for transfer to a degree program. Courses eligible for transfer must meet the following requirements:
The course(s) must have been completed at a college or university accredited by the appropriate regional higher education accrediting association.
The course(s) must have been completed with a final grade of “B” or better.
The course(s) must have been taken at the graduate-level.
Each course must have been completed no longer than five years prior to the date of matriculation to the School of Education.
Requests for transfer credit must be relevant to the degree sought and must be approved by the student’s faculty advisor.
Continuing Education courses taken at Trinity or other approved organizations and institutions do not count toward a Trinity degree. Only under special circumstances may a student make a written appeal to his or her advisor and the Dean to request that a maximum of three credits of Continuing Education courses be transferred to a degree program.
Post-Baccalaureate Certificate Program Transfer Credit Policy
Transfer credits may be accepted for a post-baccalaureate certificate program if they meet the student’s planned degree program just as they are for graduate degree programs.  Students may transfer up to six total credits in alignment with the certificate curriculum.  All other Trinity transfer credit policies apply.
Trinity certificate courses may be applied to degree programs depending on the graduate degree program.  Students enrolled in degree programs at Trinity may simultaneously pursue a certificate and these courses will count toward both credentials.
Courses at Other Institutions
While enrolled at Trinity, a student may earn credits on a limited basis at other accredited institutions. Students planning to take courses at another institution must first obtain approval from their faculty advisor for the number of credits and specific courses to be taken before they enroll in the course(s). A student who does not follow these procedures has no guarantee that the credits earned will apply toward the Trinity degree. Authorization from the faculty advisor will be documented on the student’s Program of Study. Students should obtain the appropriate forms from Enrollment Services.
Transfer courses will appear on a student’s transcript as “TR” unless the course was completed at a consortium school. A student may transfer no more than six credits toward a Trinity degree (see above).
Courses Through the Consortium of Universities of the Washington Metropolitan Area
Through the Consortium of Universities of the Washington Metropolitan Area, full-time degree students at Trinity can participate in special programs and take courses offered by other member institutions during fall and spring semesters only.
Registration is limited to a needed course or courses that cannot reasonably be expected to be offered at Trinity.
The approval of the Dean is required for registration in any course offered through the Consortium.
Enrollment is subject to Consortium as well as Trinity regulations. Students should confer with the Consortium Coordinator.
The following policies govern the participation of Trinity students in the Consortium:
Trinity students may take Consortium courses only if the courses are not available at Trinity during the semester.
Only full-time degree students are eligible for Consortium privileges. Exceptions require approval by Trinity’s Consortium Coordinator.
Students in their last semester before graduation are discouraged from taking courses through the Consortium. Delays in reporting Consortium grades may prevent a student from graduating and/or participating in commencement activities.
Students must demonstrate the relevance of proposed Consortium course(s) to their academic and post-College goals. This rationale must be submitted with the registration form.
Before receiving advisor approval, students must obtain approval from the appropriate Trinity Program Chair in the subject area involved (or the Trinity Consortium Coordinator for courses in subjects without corresponding programs at Trinity).
Students on probation or carrying a grade of “Incomplete” should take Consortium courses only in extraordinary circumstances; approval is required from Trinity’s Consortium Coordinator.
Students wishing to take more than two Consortium courses in any given semester must obtain approval from Trinity’s Consortium Coordinator.
All registrations for Consortium courses must receive final approval from the Dean of the School of Education.
The final grade received in a Consortium course is recorded on the Trinity transcript and calculated into the student’s grade point average.
Students participating in Consortium courses or programs must arrange for their own transportation.
Grades of “I” (Incomplete) may be given for courses taken through the Consortium. Students who arrange grades of Incomplete at a visited institution should note that the time limits for making up the incomplete are not to exceed those of the home institution. However, a faculty member at the visited institution may require an earlier deadline.
Trinity is not responsible for delays in the reporting of grades from Consortium institutions; all grades must be recorded by the Registrar for a student to be eligible to receive credit. Students are responsible for checking with instructors at Consortium institutions to assure the timely report of grades to Trinity.
Credit Through Non-College or Experiential Learning
Trinity recognizes that learning may occur in a variety of settings. Graduate students who can demonstrate by submission of a portfolio that they have already acquired the knowledge, skills, and competencies taught in a Trinity graduate program course may receive credit for that course.
Eligibility for experiential learning credit is as follows:
Degree-seeking students who have completed nine credit hours at Trinity with a grade point average of at least 3.0 may apply, with approval of their advisor, for a maximum of six credits for experiential learning.
The student will then be required to submit a portfolio through their advisor for review by an appropriate faculty member.
The portfolio must provide appropriate evidence that the student has acquired the competencies required to pass the course for which they are requesting credit.
If the portfolio is approved, this credit may be applied toward the requirements of a Master of Arts, Master of Arts in Teaching, Master of Education, or the Master of Science in Administration degree.
All cases involving experiential learning credit will be considered on an individual basis by the student’s academic advisor and the office of the Dean of the School of Education. All portfolios must be completed and presented to the advisor for approval prior to the semester in which one plans to graduate.
Students applying for experiential learning credit must follow these procedures:
All students who wish to apply for experiential learning credit must discuss their experiences with their academic advisor prior to applying. This will give both parties an indication of whether the experiences are credit-worthy.
After meeting with the advisor, the student may apply to develop an experiential credit portfolio. The student will fill out the experiential learning application form and acquire a receipt from the business office indicating payment of the application fee. The student submits the application and the receipt to the advisor.
Upon receipt of the advisor’s and the Dean’s approval on the portfolio application form, a copy will be sent by the Dean’s office to the Business office, so the applicant will be billed by the Business Office for the appropriate tuition for experiential credit. NOTE: Submission of a portfolio does not guarantee awarding of credit. Credit will be awarded on the basis of the merit of the portfolio.
The Dean and the advisor will mutually agree as to the most appropriate faculty member to be given the portfolio for review.
The faculty reviewer will notify the advisor and the Dean as to the acceptance or rejection of the portfolio on the appropriate form. The Dean’s office will forward a copy of the form to the Registrar, the student’s file in the School of Education, and Human Resources.
Return to Top
Degree Requirements
General Requirements for Graduate Certificate
General Requirements for the Master's Degree (M.A.T., M.Ed., M.S.A.)
Capstone Projects, Practica, and Student Teaching
General Requirements for the Post-Baccalaureate Certificate
1.Students must meet three general requirements to graduate and receive a certificate
a. Successful completion of all program requirements (refer to the Trinity Catalog for specific requirements).
b. Be in good academic standing (see Academic Standing below).
2. The minimum cumulative grade point average (GPA) required to graduate is 3.0.
3. No student may count more than one course in which a “C” was earned toward a degree.
General Requirements for the Master's Degree (M.A.T., M.Ed., M.S.A.)
Students must meet three general requirements to graduate and receive a Master's Degree
Successfully complete all program requirements (refer to the appropriate catalog page for specific requirements).
Successfully complete the capstone, final project, student teaching or internships, as appropriate to the program (see below).
Be in good academic standing (see Academic Standing below).
The minimum cumulative grade point average (GPA) required to graduate is 3.0.
No student who has more than 3 credits below a “B“on his or her transcript may graduate and receive a degree.
All degree requirements must be completed within five years of matriculation as a degree candidate. Any request for an extension must be made in writing to the Dean of the School of Education.
Capstones, Practica, Student Teaching, and Internships
Near the end of their degree program, all graduate students must complete a capstone project, practicum, student teaching, and/or internship, which provides them with the opportunity to apply, synthesize, and evaluate knowledge and skills acquired during their graduate study. Students should consult their faculty advisor for a description of options and guidelines.
Admission into a degree program does not automatically guarantee admission into capstone projects, practica, student teaching, or internships. To qualify for admission into these courses, students must meet the requirements of their specific program.
Students should register for the capstone in the semester in which they plan to complete the project. Students who require more than one semester to complete the capstone project will be charged a continuation fee for each subsequent semester until the project is completed.
Return to Top
Grading System
Grades and Grade Point Average (GPA)
Incomplete Grades
Grades for Work In Progress
Grades for Withdrawals
Grade Changes
Grades for Repeated Courses
Grades and Grade Point Average (GPA)
A student's grade point average (GPA) is determined by the average of grade points earned in a semester. The School of Education uses the following system to assign grade points to graduate students:
Letter Grade
4-Point Scale
Equivalent
100-Point Scale Equivalent
Letter Grade
4-Point Scale
Equivalent
100-Point Scale Equivalent
A
4.0
100-93
B
3.0
86-83
A-
3.7
92-90
B-
2.7
82-80
B+
3.3
89-87
F
0.0
72 and below
Designations carrying no grade points include:
AU
Audit
TR
Transfer Credit
I
Incomplete
U
Unsatisfactory
IP
In Progress
W
Withdrawal
S
Satisfactory
[ ]
Repeated Course
Incomplete Grades
A grade of "I" (Incomplete) is recorded only in cases judged sufficiently serious by the instructor. In all cases, the student and instructor must fill out and sign a Request for Incomplete form no later than the end of the final examination period stipulating the work to be completed before the grade and credit for the course will be recorded and the date by which the work must be accomplished.
The Request for Incomplete form must be submitted to the Enrollment Service office no later than the date when final term grades are due. A copy of the Request for Incomplete form must be delivered to the student's advisor.
Graduate students must complete all work as specified in the Request for Incomplete before the end of the subsequent semester, whether they register for courses in that semester or not. All summer sessions constitute one semester. Students must submit work sufficiently in advance of the end of the semester to allow instructors time for grading, and instructors must submit a valid grade within 72 hours of the end of the final examination period. Extensions of the Request for Incomplete require the approval of the PGS CAP Committee.
Grades that are still incomplete after the deadline are changed from "I" to "F" on the student's transcript. For Incomplete Grades in Consortium courses, see above.
Grades for Work In Progress
The grade of "IP" (In Progress) is recorded only in cases where a student has not completed the Practicum, Internship, or Capstone Project during the semester in which the student initially registered for the course(s). Students who receive a grade of "IP" for a course must register for one credit in their program's Directed Research course for each subsequent semester until the project is completed. Directed Research courses are graded on the basis of "S"/"U" (Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory) and are not calculated in a student's GPA. Once all required work has been submitted for a grade, the supervising faculty member will replace the grade of "IP" with the letter grade earned in the course. Grades of "IP" are exempt from the 120-day limit for grade changes, although students must still complete all work for their degree within the five-year time limit.
Grades for Withdrawals
A designation of "W" (Withdrawal) will appear on the student's transcript if the student withdraws from the course following the Course Schedule Adjustment deadline. Withdrawals are not used to calculate a student's GPA. The process for withdrawal from a course is described above.
Grade Changes
Faculty, at their discretion and only after serious consideration, may change a student's grade. Any grade change must be finalized with Enrollment Services no later than one hundred twenty calendar days following the last day of the academic term in which the original grade was posted. To appeal a grade received in a course, refer to the section on Academic Appeals below.
Grades for Repeated Courses
A graduate student may repeat a course only once. Transcripts will indicate all semesters in which the course was taken, but only the most favorable grade will be reported and used to calculate the GPA. In place of the less favorable grade(s), the notation "[ ]" will appear on the transcript to indicate that the course has been repeated.
Return to Top
Academic Standing
Good Academic Standing
Academic Probation
Academic Dismissal
Readmission
Good Academic Standing
Good academic standing for students in the Education Programs constitutes maintaining a minimum cumulative grade point average (GPA) of 3.0. Students receiving a grade of "F" in a course are not considered to be in good academic standing regardless of their GPA and may be dismissed from the University (see below).
Certificate Programs:
Students must maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0 in the post-baccalaureate certificate program and may count no more than one course in which a “C” was earned toward the post-baccalaureate certificate. Courses in the certificate programs are repeatable.  Satisfactory academic progress is a criterion for the award of financial aid.  Students not making academic progress will be referred to their academic advisor for academic counseling.  All other Trinity academic policies and procedures apply to certificate courses.
Academic Probation
Students who are not in good academic standing are placed on academic probation. Students may be placed on academic probation if their semester or cumulative GPA falls below 3.0 or if they have completed less than two-thirds of their attempted credits. All courses, except audits, that appear on a student's transcript constitute attempted credits. Courses for which the student has earned grades of "F," "I," or "W," are considered attempted credits that have not been completed.
Academic probation indicates that the student is no longer in good academic standing, and the student's eligibility to continue studies at Trinity is under question. Students on academic probation are limited to two courses comprising a course load of no more than six credits during the semester for which they are on academic probation. Students may be removed from academic probation once their cumulative GPA is raised to the minimum standard of 3.0. A student may remain on academic probation for no more than one semester. Failure to raise the GPA to the minimum standard of 3.0 during a student's semester on academic probation may result in dismissal from the University (see below).
Academic Dismissal
Students may be dismissed from Trinity for academic reasons, including:
Carrying a GPA below 3.0 after spending one semester on academic probation.
Earning a final grade of "F" in a graduate course.
Violating the Honor System in an academic matter, as detailed in the Trinity Honor Code and Procedure Manual.
Trinity reserves the right to dismiss students because of poor academic performance or unsatisfactory conduct. Trinity reserves the right to dismiss students because of academic standing or unprofessional conduct.
To appeal decisions regarding probation and dismissal, students may submit a written request to the School of Education Dean (see below).
Readmission
Students who have been dismissed from Trinity for academic reasons may reapply after one year following the dismissal by making a written appeal to the Dean of the School of Education presenting compelling evidence for why they should be readmitted. Following the Dean's approval, students must then apply for readmission through the Office of Admissions and be reaccepted to Trinity before attending classes.
If the student is readmitted, she or he will receive an acceptance letter from the Office of Admissions that details specific provisions and conditions of their readmission.
A copy of the acceptance letter will be sent to Enrollment Services and the student's academic advisor, and it will become a part of the student's permanent academic record.
For students readmitted after academic dismissal, conditions for readmission typically include a mandatory semester on academic probation, although other conditions may also apply.
Failure to comply with the provisions and conditions of admission may result in disciplinary action, including dismissal.
Return to Top
Academic Appeals
General Policy for Appeals
Appealing a Final Grade in a Course Below a "B" (3.0), Excluding Grades of "F"
Appealing a Final Grade of "F" in a Course
Appealing an Academic Dismissal
Other Academic Complaints
General Policy for Appeals
Appeals may be made to change only grades lower than a "B" (3.0). Separate procedures should be followed for appealing grades of "F" (see below). Appeals regarding academic probation or dismissal should be directed to the School of Education Dean.  (See below for procedures.)
Requests for an exception to an academic policy stated in the Trinity Catalog or the Academic Policy Handbook should be directed to the PGS CAP Committee.
Any other application for the redress of a student grievance based on the charge of discrimination that relates to academic procedures or policies must be addressed to the PGS CAP Committee.
Appealing a Final Grade in a Course Below a "B" (3.0), Excluding Grades of "F"
The student first submits a written appeal to the course instructor in order to resolve the issue no later than three weeks after the beginning of the semester following that in which the grade was assigned. The instructor will respond to the student in writing within three weeks.
If the student and instructor do not resolve the matter, the student may appeal the grade in writing to his or her program chair no later than one week after the date on the instructor's response. The program chair may mediate the issue for three weeks after the date on the instructor's written response to the student.
The program chair's decision about the issue represents the final resolution of a dispute for grades below a "B," excluding grades of "F" unless the grade in question will lead to dismissal.
If the grade being appealed will lead to dismissal (even if the grade is not an "F") and the program chair is unable to resolve the dispute, the student may appeal formally to the School of Professional Studies Curriculum and Academic Policy (PGS CAP) Committee in writing; this appeal must be filed no later than nine weeks after the beginning of the semester following that in which the grade was assigned.
Appealing a Final Grade of "F" in a Course
The student first submits a written appeal to the course instructor in order to resolve the issue no later than three weeks after the beginning of the semester following that in which the grade was assigned. The instructor will respond to the student in writing within three weeks.
If the student and instructor do not resolve the matter, the student may appeal the grade in writing to his or her program chair no later than one week after the date on the instructor's response. The program chair may mediate the issue for three weeks after the date on the instructor's written response to the student.
If the program chair is unable to resolve the dispute, the student may appeal formally to the School of Professional Studies Curriculum and Academic Policy (PGS CAP) Committee in writing; this appeal must be filed no later than nine weeks after the beginning of the semester following that in which the grade was assigned.
The (PGS CAP) Committee may resolve the dispute based solely upon the written appeal.
The (PGS CAP) Committee informs the student, the program chair, the instructor, and Enrollment Services of its decision in writing.
Appeals of Academic Dismissals
Grade appeals occur through the process described above, and the decision of the PGS CAP Committee is final on all grade appeals.
If the denial of a grade appeal results in the student’s academic dismissal from Trinity, or if the student incurs academic dismissal for failure to satisfy academic progress requirements, or failure to satisfy professional standards in the professional schools, then the student has the opportunity to appeal the academic dismissal according to this procedure:
The student may write a letter of appeal requesting reinstatement to the EDU Dean stating the reasons why she or he should not incur academic dismissal.
The Dean will review the appeal with the director or chair of the student’s major academic program.
The Dean will inform the student in writing of the appeal decision.
If the Dean denies the student’s request for reinstatement, the student may make a further written appeal to the Provost.
The Provost will review the case and render a decision to the student.
If the Provost denies the student’s appeal, the student may make a written appeal to the President. The President does not over-rule the academic judgment of the faculty, deans and provost as to the academic performance of the student. The President may over-rule the lower decisions and direct a different outcome only if she finds evidence of improper procedures or bias in the lower reviews of the case. The different outcome may include a new review of the case at lower levels or an alternative disposition of the case.
The President’s decision is final and no further internal appeals are available.
Other Academic Complaints
If a student has a complaint about an academic matter that is unrelated to an appeal of grades or a dismissal, the process for registering and reviewing general complaints is as follows:
The student should attempt to resolve the complaint directly with the staff person or faculty member responsible for the topic in question.
If the student cannot resolve the complaint through direct discussion with the staff or faculty member, the student should register the complaint with the academic dean of the collegiate unit. Email directly to the Dean is the best method for registering the complaint since the written complaint gives the Dean the opportunity to review the complete set of facts clearly.
The Dean will address the complaint with the student, orally or in writing as may be best, and will meet with the student if a meeting is appropriate.
Upon reviewing the complaint, the Dean may also ask another member of the faculty or staff to resolve the matter with the student.
If the matter remains unresolved, the student may direct the complaint to the Provost, who will review the matter and direct the appropriate outcome. The Provost may direct another member of the faculty or staff to resolve the matter with the student.
Students need to be aware that not all complaints result in a resolution in the student’s favor. Students have a right to be heard, to have the complaint taken seriously and reviewed for appropriate application of Trinity’s policies and procedures. Students do not have a right to a specific requested result.
Return to Top
Student Information, Records, and Transcripts
Disclosure
Maintenance of Student Records
Transcripts
Disclosure
The following categories of student information are designated as public or directory information:
Category I information includes name, address, telephone number, dates of attendance, and class standing.
Category II information includes previous institution(s) attended, major field(s) of study, awards, honors (such as Dean's List), and degree(s) conferred.
Information from Category I or Category II may be disclosed by the institution for any purpose, at its discretion.
Under the provision of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, students may withhold disclosure of any category of information. To prohibit disclosure, students must provide Enrollment Services with written notification.
Trinity assumes that any student who does not specifically request the withholding of Category I or II directory information has indicated individual approval for disclosure.
Maintenance of Student Records
Trinity protects the reputation of its students by carefully maintaining the confidentiality of their official University records. To preserve privacy, the records are safeguarded from unauthorized access and disclosure. Trinity faculty, administrators, and staff are fully aware of the necessity to ensure integrity, accuracy, and confidentiality.
Accordingly, Trinity complies with the provisions set forth in Sec. 438 of the General Educational Provisions Act, 20 U.S.C. 1232 (g), entitled the Family Educational Provisions Act of 1974. This law guarantees the student's right to examine her or his official educational records, as well as her or his right to privacy pursuant to the release of such records to third parties.
Trinity's policy on the maintenance of student records is in accord with federal regulations. A copy of the policy is available from Enrollment Services , and this statement serves as notification of rights protected by law.
Transcripts
Current and former students of Trinity may request academic transcripts from Enrollment Services.
Requests must be made in writing and include the student's social security number, most recent date of attendance or graduation, the full name and address of the party receiving the transcript, and the student's signature.
Trinity adheres to the following policies on the release of transcripts:
a. No transcript will be released if the student has failed to satisfy all financial obligations to the University.
b. Transcripts will not be issued to a third party without written authorization of the student.
c. A faxed transcript request will be accepted provided a credit card number, including expiration date, is included. This request must be signed by the student.
Return to Top
Disclaimer
Trinity reserves the right to change, without prior notice, any policy or procedure, tuition or fee, curricular requirements, or any other information found on this web site or in its printed materials.
Questions may be directed to the Office of Academic Affairs at academicaffairs@trinitydc.edu.
Return to Top
Trinity reserves the right to change, without prior notice, any policy or procedure, tuition or fee, curricular requirements, or any other information found on this web site or in its printed materials.
Questions may be directed to the Office of Academic Affairs at academicaffairs@trinitydc.edu.
About Trinity
Mission Statement
President’s Message
General Information
Board of Trustees
Attending Trinity
Admissions Overview
Tuition and Fees
Financial Aid
Academic Programs
All Academic Programs
College of Arts and Sciences
School of Business and Graduate Studies
School of Education
School of Nursing and Health Professions
School of Professional Studies
Continuing Education
Special Programs
Student Resources
Campus Life
Student Resources
All Academic Programs
Academic Calendar
Academic Policies
Previous Catalogs
Archived Catalogs
Admissions
Admissions Home
Academics
Academics Home
Library
Bookstore
Academic Calendar
Course Schedule
Academic Catalog
Billiart Center for Social Justice
Academic Programs
- College of Arts and Sciences (Women's College)
- Nursing and Health Professions
- Professional Studies
- Business and Graduate Studies
- Education
- Continuing Education
- Trinity At THEARC
More Academic Links...
Student Services
Enrollment Services
Tuition & Financial Aid
Transcript Request
Academic Services
Student Affairs
Student Activities
Athletics
Campus Ministry
Clubs and Organizations
Dining Services
Health Services
Residential Life
More Student Services Links...
Campus Services
Alumnae/i Affairs
Business Office
Visit Campus + Parking Map
Conference Services
Development
Human Resources
Metro Shuttle
Security
Sports and Fitness Center
Technology Services
More Campus Services Links...
About Trinity
A-Z
Accreditation
Mission
Tuition & Financial Aid
President and Board
Who's Who at Trinity
Media and News
Strategic Plan
Policies and Handbook
More About Trinity...
University Home | Careers at Trinity | Top of Page
Veritas
© 2020 Trinity Washington University
125 Michigan Ave. NE, Washington, DC 20017
202-884-9000     General Contact Form
Faculty/Staff       Offices/Locations
Last Name: First Name: Department:
Enter the first few letters of what you are looking for.
Office:
Enter the first few letters of what you are looking for.