https://www.dwu.edu/privacy-policy
Give
Close Menu
Search
Search
Academics
Majors & Minors
Graduate Programs
Digital DWU
Student Support
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalogs
Learn & Earn
Internships
Learn Strong
Admissions
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Information
Admission Requirements
Transfer Students
International Students
New Student Registration
For Parents & Families
Digital DWU
Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Meet Our Admissions Staff
Online & Adult Students
Online & Adult Programs
LPN-B.S. (Sioux Falls)
Master of Arts in Education
Master of Business Administration
Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit Church Leadership
Admission Requirements
Tuition and Fees
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Resources
Virtual Campus Login
FAQs
Get in touch.
Student Life
Welcome FAQ
Residence Life
Campus Ministry
ESPORTS
Life at DWU
McGovern Library
Campus Health
Office of Disability Services
Academic and Career Services Center
Student Handbook
Campus Safety
Student Life Staff
Title IX
TRIO SSS
Capstone Day
DWU Store
Alumni & Visitors
Give to DWU
Blue & White Days
For Alumni
President’s Circle
Wesleyan Today Alumni Magazine
Make a Loan Payment
For Employers
Conference & Meeting Rooms
Science & Engineering Fair
Performing Arts
Musical Performance Opportunities
Current Theatre Season
Request Performing Arts Info
Performing Arts Scholarships
Friends of the Performing Arts
Tickets
Performing Arts FAQ
Athletics
About DWU
Why DWU?
Mission & Values
DWU Strategic Plan
Centers of Excellence
Directions to Campus
DWU Facts
Faculty & Staff Directory
Leadership & President's Office
DWU Employment
Consumer Information
About Mitchell
Webcam
COVID-19 INFORMATION
Resources
COVID-19 Case Notification Form
Health and Safety Precautions
DWU Core Commitments
Campus Updates
Tiger Tool Kit
FAQs
Join our notification list
Contact UsDWU StoreNewsEventsMcGovern LibraryTigerNetCanvasCampus EmailWesleyan Central
Schedule a Visit
Apply Online
Give to DWU
HomePrivacy Policy
Get Started
Visit Today
Dec
19
Women’s Basketball vs. Midland
4:00 PM
Dec
19
Men’s Basketball vs. Midland
6:00 PM
Web Site Privacy Statement
Dakota Wesleyan University is committed to the privacy of all constituents. We want you to understand how and why we collect, use and disclose personal information about you on all domains owned by the university, including: www.dwu.edu; www.dwuathletics.com; www.mcgoverncenter.com; www.mcgoverncenter.org; and give.dwu.edu.
Information Collected
DWU occasionally collects information from our users on our websites.  Typical collection points are forms and e-commerce pages (purchases and donations).
We do not collect any personal information about you on our website unless you choose to provide it to us voluntarily. “Personal information” includes information that is unique to you and might include your phone number, name, address and email address. If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us, do not enter the information and do not proceed with that screen or page. If you do provide us with personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected.
Forms
There are many forms on the DWU website including, but not limited to, online applications for admission, questionnaires, visit forms and event registrations.
E-commerce
When you complete an e-commerce transaction, we ask you to provide contact information (such as name, email address, mailing address, etc.) and financial information (such as credit card information). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your order.  If we have trouble processing your order, we will use this information to contact you.  All online financial transactions are completed via an externally hosted, third-party website.
How Information Is Used
Information gathered through our site is only used for the stated purpose.
As required by law: Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
With third parties: Some of our technology partners have access to personally identifiable information. They do not retain, share or use this information for any secondary purposes.
Third party intermediaries: We use a credit card processing company to bill users for purchases. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Service providers: We occasionally partner with third parties to provide specific services, like online purchase fulfillment.  When the user requests or purchases these services, we share information necessary for the third party to provide these services.  These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. We may use cookies for a number of purposes - for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the use of our website for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and marketing offers, or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our website.
Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this website, and will not track your other internet activity. Our cookies do not gather personally identifiable information.
You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. We may occasionally use other companies to set cookies on our website and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers for our website. We use the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated above.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website contains links to other sites; DWU is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Email
We appreciate your questions and comments about our website and services, and we welcome your email messages submitted via the Contact Us form, or via email. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing any issues contained in your message. We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your comments. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your email address will not be used for any other purpose.
Confidentiality and Security
This website takes every precaution to protect users’ information. When you submit sensitive information to our website, your information is protected both online and off line.
When our forms request sensitive information, such as a credit card numbers or you Social Security Number, that information is protected with SSL encryption. We maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
If we change this privacy policy, the most recent version of the policy will be posted at this location. This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this our privacy policy, email support@dwu.edu or call 605-995-2900.