http://www.afdenver.org/about/policy/
CONTACT US +1 (303) 831-0304
LOGIN
0 ITEMS
Toggle navigation
HomeLearn Frenchfrench classes general informationfrench classes for adultsFrench workshops for adultsfrench classes kids and teensprivate french classesBusiness French ClassesFrench Language TextbooksScholarshipsFrench Classes OnlinePlacement TestsEventsEvent Calendarfrench cultural eventsfrench book clubsfrench cultural events for kidsFirst FridayCommunity EventsAnnual EventsLibraryServicesOur ServicesEnglish French Translation ServicesBook Our Art Galleryfrench certificationsMembershipDonateAboutAbout UsOur TeamContactFaqPolicyVolunteerInternship OpportunitiesFrancophone jobs in Coloradojob opportunities at afdNews And Press
Policy
ENROLLMENT AND PRIVACY POLICIES
By registering for a class, students acknowledge and agree with the the AFD school policies as stated on this website.
In General
Registrations will be accepted in the order received. A course will be declared “closed” when payment for a maximum of twelve (12)
registrations has been received, (See the information under “Payment” below). Please note that a minimum of four registrations is required
to open a course. If this minimum is not met, students who have already registered for the course will be offered other options, including
registering for a different course.
If students who have already registered wish to keep a course open with fewer than 4 students, course fees for SEMI-PRIVATE INSTRUCTION will
apply.
For course-level placement purposes, non-beginner students who have not previously studied at the Alliance Française must be evaluated by
Alliance Française staff before registering for a course.
Membership Requirement
Membership in the Alliance Française is required in order to register for Alliance Française courses. The non-refundable membership fee is
valid for 12 full months. Membership privileges include, in addition to eligibility to participate in our French language instruction
program, borrowing rights to our library (French books and videos), free or discounted admission to various cultural and leisure activities,
and discounts on goods and services from various companies and local organizations.
Payment
Course fees must be paid in full before students attend the first class. A student will not be considered registered for a course until full
payment has been made.
Course Cancellations
The Alliance Française reserves the right to cancel a class due to insufficient registration. Course fees already paid for a cancelled class
will be refunded based on the original method of payment or a credit will be issued if asked. Credit is valid for one year starting from the
date of withdrawal.
Early Registration Discount
A 10% early registration discount is available to students who register for all classes once the schedule is posted.
Student Discount
A12% student discount is available to college students for 11-week courses. A current student ID is required at the time of registration.
Course Withdrawals
Withdrawal from a course must be made in writing addressed to the Director, and should include the reason why. A $30 withdrawal fee will be
deducted from the amount of a refund to cover our administrative costs for processing course withdrawals.
Brush-up week Withdrawals :
Student must withdraw no later than (5) days before the brush-up week begins to receive a full refund of courses fees only
(Membership fees, and the cost of any purchases course material are non-refundable)
Student must withdraw after the first class but before the second class in order to receive a partial credit of tuition after subtracting
the cost of the class attended.
NO REFUND WILL BE ISSUED AFTER THE FIRST CLASS OF A BRUSH-UP WEEK.
NO CREDIT WILL BE ISSUED AFTER THE SECOND CLASS OF A BRUSH-UP WEEK.
11 Week Course Withdrawal
Students must withdraw no later than (5) five days before a course session begins to receive a full refund of course fees only (Membership
fees, and the cost of any purchased course materials are non-refundable). If credit is given, it is valid for one year from the date of
withdrawal. Once the credit expires, it is no longer valid. Please call us to implement use of credit for a future class.
Students who withdraw after this (5) five-day period, but before the end of the second week of an 11-week course session will receive a
partial credit of tuition after subtracting the cost of the two classes that have occurred. If credit is given, it will last for one
year from the date of notice of withdrawal.
After the year expires, the credit is no longer valid. Please call us to implement use of credit for a
future class.
NO CREDIT OR REFUND WILL BE ISSUED AFTER THE SECOND WEEK OF 11-WEEK CLASSES.
5-week or 6-week Workshop Withdrawal
For other types of courses (5-week or 6-week workshops) the time period for partial tuition credit will be reduced as follows: before the
end of the first week.
NO REFUNDS WILL BE GIVEN FOR WORKSHOPS. AFTER THE FIRST WEEK NO CREDIT WILL BE ISSUED.
Privacy Policy
Alliance Française de Denver is highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believes that the protection of those interests
is one of its most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of its obligations, Alliance Française de Denver has adopted the
following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business:
Acquisition of Information
We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service
efficiently and securely.
Our Employees and Privacy
We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who
require it to perform their jobs.
Security Measures
We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal
requirements and the demands of customer service.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a
duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and
provide our services.
Privacy and Our Business Partners
When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is
necessary and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a
manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email us or call (303) 831-0304.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Submit
DENVER MAIN OFFICE
Alliance Française de Denver
571 Galapago Street
Denver, CO 80204
BOULDER CLASSES
Galvanize Boulder
1023 Walnut Street
Boulder, Colorado  80302
EVERGREEN CLASSES
Center for the Arts Evergreen
31880 Rocky Village Dr.
Evergreen, CO 80469
CENTENNIAL CLASSES
Hamsher Wealth Management
6950 E Belleview  Ave Suite 103
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
PARKER CLASSES
Center of the Arts PACE
20000 E. Pikes Peak Ave.
Parker, CO 80138
SOUTHGLENN LIBRARY
6972 S Vine Street
Centennial, CO 80122
GOLDEN CLASSES
Office
evolution | Work Empowered 14143
Denver West
Parkway, Suite 100, Golden, CO 80401
BUSINESS HOURS/LIBRARY HOURS (DENVER)
M-Th 9:00 AM-6:30 PM
Fri 9:00 AM-5:00 PM
SERVICES
Private Classes
Book our Art Gallery
Translations
Scholarships
VOLUNTEER
Volunteer with us
MEDIA INQUERIES
Email your Media Inquiry
GENERAL INFO
AF Worldwide
AF in USA
FAQ
POLICY
CONTACT US
+1
(303) 831-0304
reception@afdenver.org
©2018 Alliance Française de Denver | All Rights Reserved | Website by Oncord