https://www.jobs.ac.uk/legal/terms-and-conditions/
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
Recruiters
Your Account
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
Your Account
Recruiters
Terms and Conditions of Use
These are the Terms and Conditions that apply to the use of the Company’s Website.
The Terms and Conditions may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
You should review these Terms and Conditions periodically for changes.
Particular services provided on the Company’s Website may also be governed by additional or alternative
Terms and Conditions, which will be posted on the Company’s Website.
The Company’s Website uses Google Maps API(s) and by using our Company’s Website you are bound by
Google’s Terms of Service
.
By using the Company’s Website you are deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions.
The Privacy Policy notice applicable to Jobseekers also applies to
your use of the Company’s Website, which is available at:
https://www.jobs.ac.uk/legal/privacy-policy/
1. Definitions
1.1
In these Terms and Conditions, the following words shall have
the following meanings:
"Company"
means Warwick University Services Limited trading as jobs.ac.uk;
"Company’s Website"
means
www.jobs.ac.uk;
"Intellectual Property Rights"
means copyright and any other intellectual property rights whatsoever and wherever subsisting in the Candidate Information;
"Materials"
means the views expressed and content of the Careers Advice section
"Personal Data"
has the meaning as more particularly defined in the Data Protection Act 2018.
"Profile Information"
means the information provided by a Candidate including (without limitation) name, email address, location, and current role.
2. Use of material
You can download, print and copy material from the Company’s Website for your own
personal use. You must not reproduce any part of the Company’s Website or its material unless the
Company have granted you permission to do so. Permission can be sought from the
Company's marketing team.
3. Disclaimer of liability
3.1 To the extent permitted by law and subject to clause 11.1 the Company accepts no
responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, (without limitation), any error,
omission or inaccuracy therein.
3.2 To the extent permitted by law and subject to
clause 11.1 the Company does not warrant that:
3.2.1 Details of vacancies will be current, complete
or accurate or up to date;
3.2.2 Applications for vacancies will be successful;
3.2.3 The Company’s Website or any of its contents are virus free; or
3.2.4 The provision of any of the services of the
Company will be uninterrupted or error-free.
4. Accessing external websites
You can access other sites via links from the Company’s Website. These sites are
not under the control of the Company, and the Company accepts no responsibility for any content on such
sites or for any use to which they put any personal or confidential information provided by you.
5. Registering for a jobs.ac.uk Website account
5.1 If you register for an account on the Company’s Website, you will be required to
provide your first name, last name, current location (country), email address and a password, which we
will store in order to create an individual user account for you. The Company is committed to ensuring
your privacy is protected. This information will only ever be used by the Company. The Company will not
contact you other than to send you, information about jobs, the bulletins you have subscribed to or
internal news about the Company's services for jobseekers, or offers from the Company's partner
companies and invitations from the Company to take part in research / surveys. The Company will not
distribute any of the details including the email address you provide to a third party unless for the
provision of the supply of services outlined on the Company’s Website. The Company have put in place
suitable security procedures to safeguard your information.
5.2 Access to your account on the Company’s Website is via your email address and
password, so please keep your password safe and do not disclose it to anyone else.
5.3 Any registration details you use must be personal
to you and must not be used by anyone else.
5.4 You must not maliciously create additional accounts on the Company’s Website.
5.5 You are responsible for keeping your account
details up to date and must do so logging in to your
jobs.ac.uk Website account and making the amendments online.
5.6 If, for any reason, the Company believes that you have not complied with these
terms and conditions, or are misusing your jobs.ac.uk Website account in any way, the Company may, at
its discretion, cancel, suspend or otherwise restrict your access to your jobs.ac.uk Website account
immediately and without giving any advance notice.
6. Registration for Jobs by Email
6.1 When signing up for our Jobs by Email service, the Company, in addition to those
details obtained when registering for an account on the Company’s Website (see clause 5.1) will also
collect your job searching preferences. This information will only ever be used by the Company.
6.2 The Company does not guarantee that the Jobs by
Email service will be compatible with your email provider.
6.3 The Company can cancel access to the Jobs by Email
service at any time if you do not comply with these Terms and
Conditions.
7. Blogs
7.1 The contents of the Company’s Website blogs and their comments are solely owned by
the Company.
7.2 You understand that all opinions expressed by users of the Company’s Website blogs
are expressed strictly in their individual capacities, and not as representatives of the Company or any
of the Company's sponsors or partners. The opinions that you or others post in a Company’s Website blog
do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Company.
7.3 Comments that use inappropriate language or unlawful, harassing, defamatory,
abusive, obscene, threatening, harmful, profane, sexually orientated, racially offensive or otherwise
objectionable material are not acceptable, and the Company reserves the right to remove any such
material from the Company’s Website
7.4 You may not violate, plagiarise, or infringe on the Intellectual Property Rights of
third parties. If such an event occurs, the individual posting the information shall be held solely
responsible. The Company will not be held responsible for member-posted information that may violate
Intellectual Property Rights.
7.5 You may reproduce, quote or syndicate portions of the Company’s Website blogs,
either online or in print, as long as it is credited as originating from the Company’s Website Blogs
(
blog.jobs.ac.uk).
7.6 If you upload material to the Company’s Website, it will not be moderated by the
Company, and the Company makes no warranties in relation to such material and subject to clause 11.1
accepts no liability for such material.
7.7 Blog postings may provide links to other websites on the Internet.
The Company are not responsible or liable for such content and make no express or implied warranty about
the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, merchantability, or any other aspect of the content of
such postings. The Company are not responsible or liable for any advertising, products, or other
materials on or available from such websites or resources. The inclusion of links does not imply
endorsement of the Websites by the Company or any association with their operators.
8. Careers Advice
8.1 The views expressed and content of the Careers
Advice section (the "Materials") are primarily those of the
respective authors and not necessarily those of the Company.
8.2 Although the Company has made every effort to
ensure that the Materials are accurate at the time of publishing, it
gives no warranties and makes no representations, express or limited,
as to the accuracy, quality, validity or completeness of the Materials.
8.3 The Company shall be under no obligation to notify
any person of any error in the Materials.
8.4 To the extent permitted by law and subject to
clause 11.1 the Company and their respective staff accept no
responsibility for any use which is made of the Materials and shall not
be liable to any person for any direct or indirect loss or damage,
including (without limitation) loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss
of data or any third party claims which may arise from the use of the
Materials.
9. Email Communications
9.1 Messages from the Company may be confidential. If
you are not the intended recipient you should not copy or disclose any
message to anyone but should kindly notify the sender and delete the
message.
9.2 Opinions, conclusions and other information in any message that do not relate to
the official business of the Company or the Company’s Website shall be understood as neither given nor
endorsed by it.
9.3 The Company accepts no responsibility for viruses
and it is the recipient's responsibility to scan any email and any
attachments.
9.4 The Company reserves the right to access and
disclose all messages sent over its email system.
10. Problems with the Company’s Website
10.1 If you experience any problems with the Company’s Website or wish to make a
complaint about the Company’s Website, any of the services available on the Company’s Website or any
recruiters who you feel are misusing the services the Company provide then please
contact us immediately.
10.2 To the extent permitted by law and subject to clause 11.1 the Company does not
accept any liability for any delay or disruption that you may experience whilst using any aspect of the
Company’s Website or for any loss or damage to your account.
10.3 The Company does not guarantee the continued and uninterrupted availability of any
aspect of the Company’s Website and to the extent permitted by law and subject to clause 11.1 the
Company accepts no liability for any unavailability including without limitation due to technical
errors or faults.
10.4 The Company is concerned for the privacy of visitors and registered users of the
Company’s Website. The protection of your personal information is extremely important to us. However,
please remember that the security of information transmitted over the Internet cannot be assured.
11. Liability
11.1 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will exclude
or limit the Company's liability to you for fraud or statements made
fraudulently; or for death or personal injury caused by the Company's
negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or
limited under applicable law.
12. Data Protection
12.1 The Company shall comply at all times with the Data Protection Act 2018,
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, and any relevant replacement/subsequent European
and/or UK privacy legislation from time to time, for the purposes of performing its obligations and
exercising its rights under these terms and conditions (“Data Protection Legislation”) and shall not
perform its obligations under this Agreement in such a way as to cause breach of any of its obligations
under the Data Protection Legislation.
12.2 The website of the Information Commissioner's
Office provides information and assistance with regard to your rights
under the Data Protection Act 2018 and related legislation
(www.ico.org.uk).
13. General
13.1 Notwithstanding that any terms may prove to be
illegal or unenforceable, the remaining Terms and Conditions of this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
13.2 Except as expressly set out in these terms,
nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall confer on any third party
any benefit or the right to enforce any provisions of this Agreement.
13.3 The Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
constitute the whole agreement between you and us relating to this
subject matter and supersedes all prior arrangements or promises
between you and us relating to this subject matter. Nothing in this
clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
13.4 These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with English Law and you and the Company hereby
submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Legal Information
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Copyright © jobs.ac.uk 1998 - 2020
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Find a Job
Find PhDs
Career Advice
Jobs by Email
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Copyright © jobs.ac.uk 1998 - 2020
IE11 Trigger
Browser Upgrade Recommended
jobs.ac.uk has been optimised for the latest browsers.
For the best user experience, we recommend viewing jobs.ac.uk on one of the following: