https://www.fasnyfiremuseum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJamie Quinn2020-02-04T10:02:43-05:00
Privacy PolicyEffective date: February 4, 2020
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of the FASNY Museum of Firefighting (“the MoFF”) in connection with personal data the MoFF collects online (e.g., through the MoFF’s websites and mobile apps), and offline (e.g., through customer support hotlines and in-person promotional activities) (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal data the MoFF collects, how the MoFF may use and share the data, and the privacy choices that you have with respect to the MoFF’s handling of personal data about you.
How the MoFF Collects Information
The MoFF may collect personal data from various sources, including:
Directly from you, at your direction or with your consent
Information and content you provide
From companies that organize events or programs at the MoFF
From vendors and other third parties that join with the MoFF in initiatives and projects (such as advertisers, fellowship sponsors, etc.)
Automatically, from devices that you use to connect to the MoFF’s sites
From time to time, the MoFF may use or augment the personal information it has about you with information obtained from other sources, such as public databases, social media platforms and other third parties. For example, the MoFFmay use such third-party information to confirm contact or billing information, to verify professional affiliations, or to better understand your interests by associating demographic information with the information you have provided.
Types of Information the MoFF Collects
The types of personal data the MoFF may collect may include:
Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address and phone number
Demographic information, such as date of birth, gender and zip code
Information to confirm an individual’s student status or affiliation with a research institution
Information in connection with employment, fellowship or internship applications
Content you make available through social media accounts (e.g., when you sign in using social media plug-ins)
Billing information, such as credit card details, billing address and proof of identification
Membership information, such as your name and any information you submit in connection with your member profile
How the MoFF Uses Your Information
The MoFF may use the information it collects to:
Respond to requests, questions and comments
Manage ticket sales and group reservations
Offer mission-related products and services that the MoFF believes may be of interest to visitors and the public
Fulfill, manage and send you information about your orders
Offer and administer promotions, sweepstakes, auctions or other contests
Conduct market research and administer surveys
Provide you with newsletters, articles, announcements, invitations and other information about programs, exhibitions, other third parties and events
Provide and manage memberships
Collect and process donations
Process requests to access the MoFF archives
Offer educational and public programs
Analyze and enhance MoFF communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails have been received and read)
Tailor the content displayed to site users in communications, and in connection with the use of the MoFF sites
Generate anonymized data for further data analytics
Process employment, internship and fellowship applications, as further described in the “Employment, Internship and Fellowship Applications” section below
Comply with legal requirements, judicial process and MoFF policies (including to verify site users’ identity in connection with access or correction requests)
Protect against, identify, investigate and respond to fraud, illegal activity (such as incidents of hacking or misuse of MoFF sites), and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the use of the sites
The MoFF may also aggregate any personal data that it collects in connection with the MoFF sites, such that the information is no longer personally identifiable or attributable to you. The MoFF may use such aggregated information for its own legitimate business purposes without restriction.
How the MoFF Shares Your Information
The MoFF may share the information it collects with:
Other third parties who join with the MoFF in initiatives and projects
Other members or donors in limited circumstances
Other cultural organizations in limited circumstances
Others within the organization
Service providers that perform services on the MoFF’s behalf or others with whom the MoFF may collaborate, including:
Other third parties with whom the MoFF jointly develops or offer programs or events
Marketing organizations
Survey and market research providers
Payment processors
Analytics organizations
Technology providers (including technology support, email and web hosting providers, email and text communications providers, and website and mobile app developers)
The MoFF may also disclose personal data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, protect and defend the MoFF’s rights or property, protect the safety of visitors and site users or the public, or to protect against legal liability.
Unless prohibited by applicable law, the MoFF reserves the right to transfer the information it maintains in the event it sells or transfers all or a portion of its organization or assets. If the MoFF engages in such a sale or transfer, it will – where required by applicable law – make reasonable efforts to direct the recipient to use your personal data in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. After such a sale or transfer, you may contact the recipient with any inquiries concerning the processing of your personal data.
The MoFF’s Legitimate Interests
The MoFF processes your information given its legitimate interests in providing the public with access to exhibitions, programs and membership. The MoFF may also process your information given its legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities and collecting donations to promote and fund activities and programs in furtherance of the MoFF’s mission.
Content Submitted by Users
Some features of the sites allow you to post content on the MoFF’s websites or mobile apps, or social media pages, such as product reviews. Content that you provide may be shared publicly or with other users or third parties.
Employment, Internship and Fellowship Applications
If you apply for employment or an internship or fellowship with the MoFF, the MoFF will use the information you provide to process your application, to monitor recruitment statistics, and to comply with government reporting requirements. The MoFF is headquartered in the United States, and employee, intern, fellow and recruitment data areheld there and in other MoFF locations worldwide. If an applicant becomes a MoFF employee or intern, the MoFF will maintain a record relating to that person’s employment or internship participation (including information collected via the employment or internship application) and may provide additional information about its data practices in connection with employee and intern data to the extent required by law.
Minors
The MoFF does not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 13. If the MoFF learns that it hascollected personal data from a child under the age of 13, it will delete that information.
Your Rights and Choices
Individuals in certain jurisdictions, such as in the European Union, may have certain rights and choices regarding the MoFF’s processing of their personal data. The MoFF reserves the right to verify your identity in connection with any requests regarding personal data to help ensure that it provides the information it maintains to the individuals to whom it pertains, and allow only those individuals or their authorized representatives to exercise rights with respect to that information.
If the MoFF relies on your consent for the processing of your personal data, it will obtain your consent at the time it collects your personal data. To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent previously provided to the MoFF, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal data. The MoFFwill apply these preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing consent to the MoFF’s use or disclosure of your personal data will mean that the MoFF may no longer be able to provide you with services or information about programming or initiatives that may be of interest to you.
Access to Personal Data
You may access the data the MoFF maintains about you by submitting a request to fhcontact@fasnyfiremuseum.com.If the MoFF grants your request, it will provide you with a copy of the personal data it maintains about you in the ordinary course of business, in a commonly used format. You may request to correct any errors in your personal data. The MoFF may reject your request to access or correct personal data, as permitted by applicable law. If the MoFF rejects your request, it will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection.
Portability of Personal Data
Under certain conditions, you may request that the MoFF transfer your personal data to another entity in the format in which the MoFF maintains it in the ordinary course of business. The MoFF may reject your request, as permitted by applicable law. If the MoFF rejects your request, it will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection.
Deletion of Personal Data
You may request that the MoFF delete your personal data. The MoFF may reject your request, as permitted by applicable law. For example, the MoFF may be required by legal, tax or other reasons to retain your personal data in its business or donation records. If the MoFF rejects your request, it will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection.
Marketing
You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing or other commercial emails from the MoFF by following the instructions included in the email. However, even if you opt out of receiving such communications, the MoFF retainsthe right to send you certain other types of communications (such as information about your site purchases or changes to the MoFF’s Privacy Policy or Terms of Use).
Cookies and Advertising
The MoFF, its service providers, and other third parties may also collect certain information about the use of the MoFF sites by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and other technologies.
The MoFF, its service providers and other third parties may collect information about site users’ online activities over time and across third-party websites and the MoFF sites.
The information that may be collected by automated means includes:
URLs that refer users to the MoFF sites
Search terms used to reach the MoFF sites
Details about the devices that are used to access the MoFF sites (such as IP address, browser type, and operating system information)
Details about users’ interaction with the MoFF sites (such as the date, time, frequency and length of visits, specific content and pages accessed and buttons clicked during the visits, and information provided by you, including email addresses)
Web browsers may offer users of the MoFF sites the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of the MoFF sites may not function correctly. For more information on how to disable cookies, please visit your internet browser’s “help” menu.
To support and enhance the services provided through the MoFF sites, the MoFF may display advertisements, and also allow third parties to display advertisements, through the MoFF sites. Advertising cookies (or targeting cookies) collect information about the browsing habits associated with your device and are used to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used by services provided by third parties on the MoFF sites, such as “Like” or “Share” buttons, in addition to providing the requested functionality. Third parties provide these services in return for recognizing that you (or more accurately your device) have visited a certain website. These third parties put down advertising cookies both when you visit the MoFF sites and when you use their services and navigate away from the MoFF sites. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third-party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. The MoFF is not responsible for the privacy practices of these ad networks and other parties. Advertisements served through the services may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category created by the third party, which may be inferred from information you provide to us, based on your services usage patterns, or based on your activity on Third-Party Services (as defined in this Privacy Policy below). Some of the third parties that collect information about your activities on the MoFF sites may be members of organizations or programs that provide you with choices regarding the use of your browsing behavior for purposes of targeted advertising. European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. Mobile app users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, and selecting your choices. Please note that the MoFF may also work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms above. Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) mechanisms, the MoFF does not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time. Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Links to Other Websites and Third Party Content
The MoFF may provide links to other websites, services and applications that are not operated or controlled by the MoFF (the “Third-Party Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Third-Party Services. While the MoFF attempts to facilitate access only to those Third-Party Services that share the MoFF’s respect for your privacy, the MoFF cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of those Third-Party Services. The MoFF encourages you to review and understand the privacy practices of any Third-Party Services before providing any information to or through them. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the Third-Party Service that provides the feature.
International Data Transfers
The MoFF may transfer your personal data for processing in countries other than the country in which you initially provided the information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you are located outside of the United States, the MoFF typically transfers and processes all personal data in the United States, where the MoFF is headquartered. The countries to which the MoFF transfers personal data may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the one in which you reside. By using the site, you consent to the transfer of your information to the United States.
How the MoFF Protects Information
The MoFF maintains reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal data it maintains against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Despite these efforts, however, no organization, including the MoFF, can fully eliminate risks or guarantee the security of personal data. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of information about you at any time, and the MoFF bears no liability for uses or disclosures of personal data or other data arising in connection with theft of the information or other malicious actions.
Data Retention
The MoFF retains personal data for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the data was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. When the MoFF no longer needs the personal information, it either anonymizes the information or securely destroys the information.
California
Customers who reside in California and have provided their personal data to the MoFF can request, once per calendar year, information about the MoFF’s sharing of certain categories of personal data to third parties, for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests should be submitted by email to fhcontact@fasnyfiremuseum or by mail:
FASNY Museum of Firefighting
117 Harry Howard Avenue
Hudson, NY 12534
Changes to the MoFF’s Privacy Policy
The MoFF may at any time in its sole discretion revise or update this Privacy Policy. The MoFF will post any changes on this page and indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Privacy Policy at any time by visiting this page. The MoFF will also notify you of any material changes either through a pop-up notice, email or through other reasonable means.
Contacting the MoFF
If you have any questions, requests or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please email fhcontact@fasnyfiremuseum.com or mail them to:
FASNY Museum of Firefighting
117 Harry Howard Avenue
Hudson, NY 12534
X
Go to Top