https://www.ram.ac.uk/privacy-policy
Jump to main navigation
Jump to main content
Home
Accessibility Statement
Royal Academy of Music
Open search
Toggle menu
Back
Study
Course finder
Departments
About our courses
Open Day Home
How to apply
Audition
Fees, scholarships and bursaries
Why study at the Academy?
Exchanges
Artist Development
Back
Student Life
Students' Union
Living in London
Accommodation
Visas and immigration
Wellbeing and support
Term dates
International students
Back
What's On
Travelling to the Academy
Access
Attending events
Sign up to our mailing list
All events
Back
Recordings
Semele
P
L
A
Y
Play video
Semele
View all Recordings
Back
Alumni
Meet our alumni
Alumni benefits
Get involved
Alumni Portal
Support the Academy
About Us
Museum
News
People
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
vimeo
wechat
Enter your search
Close header search
Submit search
Explore Privacy Policy
Cookies and analytics – an overview
Enrolled Students
Protecting your Privacy
The future of music is our purpose. With you, we are the custodians of the art and craft of great musical accomplishment. We invite talent from all over the world to be a part of this ambitious conservatoire. By working with us on this mission, we work with your data in a number of ways.
The Royal Academy of Music is committed to protecting your privacy and your personal data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
The Royal Academy of Music is the data controller and has overall responsibility for processing the personal data it requires to serve its students, staff, donors, alumni, ticket-buyers, volunteers, applicants and visitors, and to fulfil its role as a leading conservatoire.You are in control of your personal data. For more information you can contact the Academy Data Protection Officer on dpo@ram.ac.uk or at the Royal Academy of Music, Marylebone Road, London NW1 5HT. We hope to resolve any concern you might have quickly and easily. If you have contacted us in relation to your personal information but are not satisfied with our response, you can contact the Information Commissioners Office for more information or to make a complaint. You’ll find out about how to ask for further information or exercise your rights (see below) on this page.
Why does the Academy collect and process my data?
The Academy uses data to support a full range of activities, including managing student, staff and alumni services, advertising and ticketing to concerts and events, providing reports to regulatory bodies, communicating with alumni and donors, fundraising and monitoring the success of the Academy’s communications.
What is personal data?
Personal data means any information relating to an identifiable living person who can be directly or indirectly identified. This may also include special categories of personal data or criminal convictions and offences data. These are considered more sensitive and we may only process them in more limited circumstances.
The data we collect about you might include:
Your name, gender and date of birthYour phone number, email address, postal address and websiteYour educational historyYour communication preferences (for example, how you prefer we contact you)Your affiliation with the AcademyYour place of employment, profession, title and professional achievementsWhether or not you have volunteered at the AcademyPersonal interests and hobbiesInformation about your relationships at the AcademyLimited information about your personal relationshipsYour donation history with the Academy, or whether you might be interested in supporting the AcademyRecords of communications we have had with you (for example, letters or invitations we have sent you or received from you)Your attendance at Academy eventsDetails of your visit(s) to our website, including traffic, location data, your browser usage and the resources that you access (you’ll find more about how to control this here)Your image and likeness as captured in video footage or photographs for the purpose of promoting the Academy (you’ll find more about your rights in relation to your image here)
Complete this form to change the way we communicate with you or to opt out of all communication and data processing.
View your details
Update your communication preferences
Under what basis can the Academy legally process data?
We have a legitimate interest in improving and maintaining our relationship with you, and in protecting our beneficiaries and the wider society affected by our work.
For the general and future use of data from applicants, alumni, ticket-buyers, event attendees and donors we will process under our legitimate business interests to do so or, in some cases, where you have given your consent. When we process your data for legitimate interests, we will make sure our actions are necessary, targeted and within your reasonable expectation of how we will use your data. We balance the benefits to you against those of our business to make sure we are compliant with data protection legislation and that we are not causing any harm or distress. At any point you are welcome to change the way you prefer to be contacted or request to be withdrawn from our records.
Our processes for collecting, processing and storing student data vary slightly from the other parties mentioned here. Please visit the student section of this Policy for more information on student data.
We hold personal data securely in our systems and databases, with access restricted to relevant authorised personnel. We do not sell any of our data to third-party organisations for their own use; however, in cases where use of a third-party organisation is required to carry out Academy business, we ensure that the partner complies with all data security policies and has signed a third-party data-sharing agreement with the Academy. We also ensure that the third party does not store your details for any longer than is necessary to complete the activity.
What rights do I have to my data?
You have many rights in respect to how we hold and use your data.
You have:
the right to be informed we collect your data
Individuals have the right to to informed about the collection and use of their personal data. This is a key transparency requirement under the Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR.We must provide you with information including: the purposes for processing your personal data, our retention periods for that personal data, and who it will be shared with. This is known as ‘privacy information’ and is set out in our privacy notices.We must provide privacy information to you at the time we collect your personal data from you. Should we obtain personal data from other sources, we must provide you with privacy information within a reasonable period of obtaining the data.Should you believe that we have not provided you with sufficient information about how we are going to process your data then you can ask us to show you the ‘privacy information’ or explain the legal basis we have used to process your data.
the right to know say no to our use of your data
The Data Protection Act 2018 and the GDPR gives you a right to object to the following:
processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling);direct marketing (including profiling); andprocessing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.You must provide us with specific reasons in order to exercise this right to object to processing for research purposes.
You can find further information on this right to object on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold on you
The right to data portability allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.
It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability.
The right of portability only applies to information an individual has provided to the institution.
You can find further information on this right to data portability on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
the right to correct inaccuracies in your data
The Data Protection Act 2018 and the GDPR includes a right for individuals to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete.
Should you believe that the personal data we are processing about you is inaccurate you can submit a request for rectification.
There are certain circumstances when we can refuse a request for rectification.
the right to restrict how we process your data
You will also have a right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data. As with the right to be forgotten, this is not an absolute right and will only apply in certain circumstances. You should refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office guidance on right to restrict processing for further information on this.
Should we restrict processing for an individual the Academy will be able to store the information but we will not be able to use it.
the right to be ‘forgotten’
The Data Protection Act 2018 and the GDPR introduces the right to erasure. This is also known as the ‘the right to be forgotten’.
This is not an absolute right and it will only apply in certain circumstances. The Information Commissioner’s Office have further information on the circumstances when data can be requested for erasure and it may be useful to read their guidance on right to erasure before submitting a request.
How does the Academy collect personal data?
Collecting your details allows us to provide services to you and to manage the interests of the Academy. We collect your information in a number of ways.
When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
This includes when you buy a ticket, sign up to our mailing lists, make a donation, complete an application form or let us know verbally or in writing that you wish to receive communications from us.
When we communicate with you
We keep a record of the emails we send you and we may track whether you receive or open them so we can make sure we are sending you the most relevant information. We may then track any subsequent actions online, such as buying a ticket. You can unsubscribe from any of our communications by visiting the preferences centre or by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ option in any email communication. You may opt out of mail and phone calls by calling 020 7873 7423 or emailing developmentinbox@ram.ac.uk.
When information about you is publicly available
This may include information found in places such as your biography on your work website or information that has been published in articles or newspapers. It may also include commercial services we use to research donors, like Companies House, WealthWatch, Nexis or Dow Jones. Finally, we may update your contact details through the National Change of Address Service provided by Royal Mail.
When we use social media to broadcast messages and updates about events and news
On occasion, we may reply to comments or questions you make to us on social media platforms. You may also see adverts from us on social media that are tailored to your interests. Depending on your settings and the privacy policies used by social media services like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, we may receive non-personally-identifying demographic or analytical information from these services, which enables us to better understand the reach and effectiveness of our advertising.
When you visit our website
If you consent to do so when you visit our website, we may place a cookie, or small text file, on your computer or device when browsing our website, which can be used to identify users and analyse web traffic, to help us to understand and improve our site and how it is used. You may choose to reject this option at any time when you visit the website. For more information on how to disable cookies, visit wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies.
When senior volunteers or staff share it with us
In rare circumstances a member of staff or friend of the Academy identifies someone who might be interested in what we do. We may take limited details in order to communicate with this person, who will subsequently be invited to send us further details and can opt out of any contact at that point.
When we film or photograph concerts, events or day to day life at the Academy
Photo and video shoots take place in and around the Academy from time to time, and for various reasons. If you visit the Academy or attend one of our events, your image may be captured incidentally. The Royal Academy of Music employs the services of 3rd party photographers or videographers to shoot or record events. Please note that these individuals/organisations may hold the right to retain the images taken. We may also share images/footage with freelance production staff, partners, Academy students and other suppliers. Details on the organisations who may hold your images are available upon request. If you require further information on your rights or any other details on how we process your personal data please refer to section on photography and video below.
Special Circumstances
Minors
If you are 16 or under, you must have permission from a parent or guardian before you give us personal information. If we find that we have received information from you without the appropriate consent, we reserve the right to cancel all transactions and services and remove all personal data that you have supplied. You will be able to resubmit the information when you have the required permission.
Photography and video
Photography and filming may take place in the following situations:
Academy performancesAcademy events (including, for example, fundraising events, royal visits, graduation and open days)Commissioned photography and film shoots for publications such as the prospectus or Diary of EventsRehearsals and preparation for eventsStudent examinations and assessmentsHow will I be informed of photo and video collection?
Students are made aware of, and consent to, photography and filming when they enrol.Visiting artists and professors are required to sign a consent/release form in advance of their visit.Any photography involving children is classified as special category information under the GDPR meaning that explicit written parental/carer consent is always required.When individuals attend Academy events they are informed in writing (where appropriate/possible) that photography will take place and the intended use of the images.A statement is included in publicity material (where appropriate/possible) explaining that photography will be taking place at an event.A notice is displayed at the venue (where appropriate/possible) explaining that photography or filming will be taking place.How will photographs or video of me be used and stored?
We store and process video footage and/or photographs for the following purposes:
Promotional purposes, including use in the Academy’s printed materials and on its digital channelsUse by selected third parties for the Academy’s promotional purposes (‘promotional purposes’ include but are not limited to marketing, media coverage, fundraising and recruitment)Archive and educational purposesAssessment/study purposes of conducting, choral conducting and composition students (where such students will be provided with copies of the recordings on request)Video footage and/or photographs will be held in perpetuity as part of the Academy’s historic archive.
How long does the Academy hold personal details?
There are different policies on holding details, depending on the department and type of details and the types of individuals involved (for example, ticket buyers, alumni). Please contact the Data Protection Officer on dpo@ram.ac.uk for more information.
Data transfers outside of the European Union
In some instances, the Academy may transfer your details outside the European Economic area. We will only do this if it is essential to core services, for example, to arrange overseas auditions or send alumni e-newsletters. We will take every precaution to ensure these details are transferred securely and in full compliance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to learn at, work with, advocate for or support the Academy after the changes come into effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.
Useful contacts
We hope this policy has been useful and clear. Please do get in touch with us if you have any questions about any aspect of this privacy policy, and in particular if you would like to object to any processing of your personal information that we carry out.
Email us: dpo@ram.ac.uk
Write to us:
Data Protection Officer
Royal Academy of Music
Marylebone Road
London
NW1 5HT