http://www.smu.edu/CUL/hamon/about/policies#filming
Faculty
Graduate Students
Alumni
Ask Us
My Account
Give
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Search
NavigateSearchSocial
Hamon Arts LibraryResearch HelpServicesAboutAboutDirections & Floor MapsAudiovisual CollectionsSMU Concert and Recital Recordings ArchiveHawn GalleryLibrary StaffPoliciesCirculation PoliciesFilming & Photograph PolicyHoursExhibitionsExhibitionsCurrent ExhibitionsHawn Gallery EventsUpcoming ExhibitionsPast ExhibitionsHawn GallerySpecial CollectionsSpecial CollectionsBywaters Special CollectionsG. William Jones Film & Video CollectionSearch Library Resources
About the LibraryHamon Arts Library
/About the Library
/PoliciesPolicies
Scenes from Carib Gold, 1956
Cycle Park Theatre, Dallas, 1907, McCord/Renshaw Collection on the Performing Arts
Page 59 from Caddo Lake Sketchbook, DeForrest Judd, n.d.
Page 9 from Big Bend - Hill Country - Caddo Lake Sketchbook, DeForrest Judd, n.d.
Untitled [printing stage for Bird of the Swamp], Janet Turner
William Gillette in
Sherlock Holmes, 1899
Pre-fired glass, Unitarian Church, "The Sun and the Firmament", Dallas. 1966, Octavio Medellin
Weather Vane with Fighting Dog and Cat Ornament], Potter Iron Studios, 1945
Scenes from Sulphur Springs Collection of Pre-Nickelodeon Films
Scenes from the Tyler, Texas Black Film Collection
PreviousNext
Gift Acceptance Policy
Donating Materials
Public Service Policies
Animals in the Library
Cell Phone Usage
Computers, Public Use
Conduct
Filming and Photography in the Library
Food and Drink
Fund Raising
Lost & Found
Posting on Bulletin Boards
Privacy and Confidentiality
Quiet Study Areas
Smoking
Study Rooms
Tabling
Unattended Belongings
Donate Materials
We regret that the Hamon Arts Library is unable to accept gifts of library materials at this time.
For donations to special collections within the SMU Libraries, please see the guidelines below:
DeGolyer Library
Bywaters Special Collections at The Hamon Arts Library
The G. William Jones Film and Video Collection
Animals in the Library
Animals are prohibited from entering Hamon Arts Library with the exception of service animals and animals featured in programs sponsored by SMU Libraries.
Cell Phone and Video Chat Calls
Cell phone and video chat conversations may be conducted only in designated areas of Hamon Library. All calls must be held in a normal tone of voice that respects the library as a quiet study environment. Library staff and security may use their discretion as to the disturbance of calls and may ask callers to move to a less disruptive area.
These calls may only be conducted on the first-floor lobby, stairwells and in group or individual study rooms.
Public Computer Use
Library computers are provided for the purpose of retrieving information in support of the research, instruction, and service mission of the University. Non-research activities such as game playing, gambling, and commercial ventures are not permitted on library computers.
SMU students, faculty, and staff have first priority use of all computers and resources. Library staff reserve the right to ask computer users for identification.
If other users are waiting, an individual's computer time may be limited. Library staff reserve the right to ask a computer user to surrender a computer or resource to another user with a higher priority.
Library staff are not responsible for computer failures or loss of data. Use computers at your own risk. Save to portable storage device. Saving files to the desktop may result in loss of data.
Reference staff are available to assist users with library research resources (e.g., databases provided by the libraries) but not with other programs (e.g., Microsoft Word).
Southern Methodist University's Computing and Communications Policy 12.3 (found within section 12.0 Intellectual Policy / Information Technology in the University Policy Manual) governs the use of all computers and networks of the University. The policy is available online. (Available only to SMU Students, Faculty, and Staf; Login required).
Any attempt to circumvent or disable security arrangements on any computer in the State of Texas is a misdemeanor and will be treated accordingly, including a report to the SMU Department of Public Safety.
Visitors who violate this policy may be asked to leave and/or receive a criminal trespass citation from SMU Police. SMU computer users who violate this policy will be referred to SMU Police and further action may be taken.
Although the SMU Libraries make every attempt to protect library users' privacy, all university electronic information is the property of SMU, unless otherwise stated in a contractual agreement or other applicable policy (i.e. University Policy 12.3, "Intellectual Property") and may be subject to review by authorized officials.
Conduct
Hamon Arts Library expects all visitors, both SMU affiliates and guests, to act responsibly and respectfully. This includes:
adhering to University Policy 13.10 which prohibits “unauthorized canvassing, peddling, and/or solicitation.”
avoiding interfering with, threatening or harassing library staff or other library users, including engaging patrons in unwelcome conversations about religion, politics, or other issues.
maintaining a quiet research and study environment in areas designed for quiet study. Please see the library's Cell Phones Policy.
preserving accessibility to library materials by keeping library materials and property clean, unmarked, and fully intact.
maintaining library computer systems by refraining from unauthorized accessing and altering of any library computer system, network computer program.
following posted guidelines on the use of equipment and electronic resources, and all SMU computer use policies.
complying with U.S. copyright laws and/or SMU's policies on copyright
maintaining a clean environment by not smoking and by disposing of trash appropriately. Please see the library's Food and Drink Policy.
using only authorized areas of the library.
following directions for exiting the building or where to go in case of emergency.
being responsible for their personal property.
Filming and Photography in Hamon Arts Library
SMU Students, Faculty, and Staff
Filming and photography in the Hamon Arts Library are only permitted with prior request. Permission may be granted to SMU students, faculty, and staff who wish to film in the library to fulfill SMU-related assignments. For non-SMU requests, see below.
Students, faculty, and staff filming in the Hamon Arts Library are subject to the following:
Filming/photography may be performed only in the designated areas as approved.
Student filming/photography must be sponsored by an SMU faculty member.
Artificial lighting must be kept to a minimum.
Filming/photography must not disturb library users or staff members, or interfere with normal library operations
Photographers must provide their own subjects or obtain the consent of anyone who is photographed.
Filming/photography should be during off-peak hours.
Any exceptions must be approved by the Director of the Hamon Arts Library.
Instructions for SMU-related requests
Requesters must complete and submit the Film Request Form to the Hamon Arts Library Circulation Desk for approval at least 5 business days prior to the filming date. Requesters must also submit a signed Release Form for every participant that will be filmed in the project in the library facility at the Hamon Circulation Desk.
Non-SMU Requests
Requests for filming and photography in the Hamon Arts Library by or for organizations or individuals outside SMU must be approved by the Dean of SMU Libraries or the dean's delegate.
Contact information:
Dean of SMU Libraries
Fondren Library
P.O. Box 750135
Dallas, TX 75275-0135
Telephone: (214) 768-2401
cruppi@smu.edu
Food and Drink
To provide a comfortable, inviting atmosphere for all library users, Hamon Arts Library has adopted the following policy regarding the consumption of food and drink by library users. These rules assume that all patrons will take responsibility for disposing of their own trash in receptacles provided, cleaning up minor food and drink spills, and reporting large spills to library staff for immediate cleanup.
The consumption of certain food and covered beverages are allowed throughout the library except where prohibited by this policy.
Anyone responsible for damaging computer and/or media equipment is liable for the full cost of repairs or replacement of the equipment.
Avoid foods that are messy, smelly, or otherwise disruptive to other patrons. You may consume these foods in the Taubman Atrium just outside the Hamon Library.
Thank you for taking care of our library!
Fund Raising
SMU Libraries will refer all requests for student fund raising activities to the Director of Student Activities & Multicultural Student Affairs. No student fund raising activities will take place in the library.
For Southern Methodist University student fund raising policies and procedures, please visit:  SMU's Student Code of Conduct, Section 3.24a.
Lost & Found
Lost items found inside Hamon Arts Library and turned in to staff will be stored at the Hamon Arts Library Circulation Desk.  Valuable items are held for 7 days and then turned over to the SMU Police department or mailed to the owner/appropriate administrative department, if feasible. All other items are held for 30 days and then donated or discarded.  For further information, please contact the Services Desk in-person or via telephone (214-768-3813).
For all other items lost on campus, please check with the building where you may have lost the item, or contact the SMU Police Department at 214-768-3388. They have the campus-wide Lost and Found.
Posting on Bulletin Boards
Postings should go on bulletin boards only. Library staff reserve the right to remove postings.
Removing postings:
Space is limited and not guaranteed. Priority is given to postings that publicize specific SMU-sponsored events.
Postings will be removed after the event, after being posted for 2 weeks, or at the discretion of our staff.
Items posted anywhere other than designated bulletin boards (e.g. walls or doors) will be removed.
Privacy and Confidentiality
Southern Methodist University Libraries actively protects the privacy and confidentiality of library patrons and their use of resources and services. Individuals who use library services that require personally identifiable information are entitled to view their information. The library will explain the process of accessing or updating your information so that all personally identifiable information is accurate and up-to-date. Since some of the information we use is provided by other campus offices (e.g. Registrar's Office or Human Resources), you may need to update your information elsewhere if it is not correct.
While the Libraries must collect some personally identifiable information in order to function properly (such as notification of overdue items, recalls, reminders, etc.), SMU Libraries will not share data with others, unless required by law. We conduct regular privacy audits in order to ensure that all library programs and services are enforcing our privacy policy. Library users who have questions, concerns, or complaints about the library's handling of their privacy and confidentiality rights should file written comments with the Director of Hamon Arts Library. We will respond in a timely manner and may conduct a privacy investigation or review of policy and procedures.
As an academic division of Southern Methodist University, the SMU Libraries abide by SMU's privacy policy, available at Right to Know and Other Legal Disclosures page on the SMU website.
Study Areas in Hamon Arts Library
In order to ensure a pleasant and productive environment for study and research for all users, the Library has designated Silent Study, Quiet Collaboration and Group Study areas. Signage indicating these designations is posted on each floor. If individuals or groups are conducting conversations or otherwise disturbing others in these areas, please notify a library staff member.
Silent Study Areas
Speak quietly and only when necessary.
Keep conversations brief.
No cell phone use.
Hamon Library, Second and Third Floors
Quiet Collaboration areas
Low tone conversations are permitted still respecting others.
Hamon Library, First Floor and Basement
No cell phone use.
Group Study Rooms
Discussion encouraged but not to be heard outside study room
Cell phone use OK in group study rooms, lobby, and stairwells. Refer to Cell Phone and Video Chat Call Policy
Group study rooms are 2250, 2270, 3250, 3270
Smoking
All forms of smoking, including tobacco products and e-cigarettes are prohibited.
Study Room Policies
Hamon Arts Library Group Study Room Policies
Group study rooms are available for use by SMU students, staff, and faculty.
Reservations should be made online through the appropriate library’s website.
The maximum reservation length is 3 hours.
Back to back reservations are prohibited.
Room reservation may be made up to 14 days in advance.
Study Room windows cannot be blocked or covered at any time.
Food is not permitted in study rooms. Covered drinks are permitted.
All study rooms are subject to library hours and policies.
Hamon Arts Library Individual Long-Term Study Room Policies
The Hamon Arts Library has 10 individual long-term study rooms available for SMU Meadows School of the Arts graduate and doctoral students. Applications are available at the circulation desk or online.
Rooms are assigned for one academic year. Renewals may be granted on a case-by-case basis.
Rooms are assigned on a first-come first-served basis to SMU graduate and doctoral students.
Only library materials that are checked out may be left in the study rooms. Non-circulating materials should be returned to the stacks after use.
Library staff will routinely monitor rooms and remove materials that are not charged out, non-circulating, missing, or overdue.
The library assumes no responsibility for personal items left in the rooms.
Electrical appliances are not allowed in the rooms.
Food is not permitted in study rooms. Covered drinks are permitted.
Study Room windows cannot be blocked or covered at any time.
Violation of study room policies may result in the loss of the room.
All study rooms are subject to library hours and policies.
Unattended Belongings
Please do not leave personal belongings unattended. The library is not responsible for loss, theft, or damage of personal property. Personal belongings may not be used to hold a study, carrel, or computer. The library reserves the right to remove unattended belongings to lost and found, located at the Circulation Desk.
About the LibraryDirections & Floor Maps
Audiovisual Collections
SMU Concert and Recital Recordings Archive
Hawn Gallery
Library Staff
Policies
Circulation Policies
Filming & Photograph Policy