http://www.sevenoaksschool.org/privacystatement/
Sevenoaks School
About Us
The School
Overview
School Ethos
School History
Serving Old Sennockians in the First World War
Headmaster George Heslop and the First World War
WW1 Roll of Honour
Our Accolades
Inspection Reports
Our Publications
The Sennockian
FAQ
The Headmaster
Headmaster
Why Sevenoaks?
Educational vision
Why Sevenoaks?
Our Global Outlook
Our Location
The Campus
Campus development
Campus awards
The Town
The Gardens
Hiring our facilities
Governors
Ian Doherty
Christopher Gill
Kirsteen Allen
Alison Beckett
Adam Boulton
John Davies
Sarah Dunnett
Eliza Ecclestone
Guy Innes
James London
Paul Luxmoore
Melanie McInerney
Mark Merson
David Phillips
Andrew Timms
Professor Ian Wilson
Anita Yuravlivker
Life After Sevenoaks
Alumni Programme
Notable Alumni
University Results
Vacancies
Working at Sevenoaks
Employee benefits
Academic vacancies
Support vacancies
Admissions
Introduction
Entry at 11+
Introduction
How to apply
Assessment Day
Past Papers
Additional forms
FAQ
Contact Details
Entry at 13+
Introduction
How to apply
Past Papers
FAQ
Additional Forms
Contact Details
Sixth Form Entry
Introduction
How to apply
Entrance Tests
FAQ
Additional Forms
Post Offer Morning
Recommended reading
Contact us
Pre-IB Enrichment
Scholarships
Introduction
Academic
Music Scholarships
Art Scholarships
Drama Scholarships
Sport Scholarships
Sixth Form
Fees and Bursaries
Fees
Financial Assistance
Bursarial support
FAQ
Overseas Applicants
Overseas applicants
International visits
OS & FP booking form Dubai March 2018
Visa requirements
Visits and Open Mornings
Visits and Open Mornings
Meet the team
Arabella Stuart
Lorna Dolan
Fenella Cournane
Emily Smith
Melanie Fearfield
Karen Rowland
FAQ
Academic
Overview
The IB
The IB at Sevenoaks
The IB explained
The value of the IB
IB Learner Profile
CAS
Extended Essay
TOK
IB and US universities
Forty years of the IB
IB in the news
IB FAQ
IB Revision Courses
IB Revision Courses
Easter Revision Courses
Summer Review Courses
Summer Maths Course
Our Subjects
Languages and Literature
English & World Lit.
Lit. & Performance
Modern Languages
Overview
French
German
Spanish
Mandarin
Russian
Other Languages
Trips & Exchanges
Classical Languages
Classics
Individuals and Societies
Economics
Geography
History
Philosophy
Psychology
Experimental Sciences
Biology
Chemistry
Physics
Technology
Mathematics
Mathematics
Expressive Arts
Music
Theatre
Visual Arts
IB Art Exhibition 2020
Art Exhibition Guides
The Core
Systems of Belief
Critical Perspectives
Ten Ideas
TOK
Our Curriculum
Lower School
Middle School
Sixth Form
SSC
Academic Deputy
Middle School Diploma
The Diploma
Our Institutes
Teaching and Learning
About
Symposium 2021
Symposium speakers
Symposium sub themes
Travel and Accommodation
Keynotes
Research
Innovate
Ideas Lab & fellowships
Wellbeing
Learning to Learn
Character Education
Digital Learning
ITL Latest News
ITL News- Dec 2018
Service and reflection
Introduction
Metacognition
Harkness
Masters Project
Marking
Service & Social Impact
SSI at Sevenoaks
Local Service
Global Service
Photo Gallery
Press Gallery
News
SSI Newsletters
World Education Week
Cat Davison
Gabby Tan
Alex Hall & Alex Potter
Aanya Tanti
Christiane Gontarek
Higher Education
Exam Results
Latest Exam Results
Previous Years: IB
Previous Years: Year 11
Free Open Lectures
Beyond Sevenoaks
Higher Education
University Results
University Offers
US and international
University FAQ
Notable Alumni
Professor Sir Jonathan Bate CBE (OS 1976)
Professor Kenneth Cheung MD (OS 1982)
Professor Ruth Morgan (OS 1999)
Caroline Steinbeis (OS 1998)
Professor Sir Simon Donaldson Kt FRS (OS 1975)
Andrew Gourlay (OS 2001)
Professor Emily Greenwood (OS 1993)
Stephen Hale OBE (OS 1990)
Olivia Cole (OS 1999)
Learning Support
Learning Support FAQ
The Library
School life
Pastoral care
Overview
Pastoral Deputy
The Tutor System
The Tutor System: FAQ
Common Rooms
PSHE
Divisional Heads
Policy Documents
Religion
Pastoral FAQ
Boarding
Boarding Ethos
Boarding Life
Boarding Stories
Life in the IC
Life in Sennocke House
Life in GIH
The Town
The Houses
Aisher House
GIH
The IC
Johnsons
Park Grange
School House
Sennocke House
Staying Healthy
Tutoring
Trips and Weekends
FAQ
Lower School
Overview
A Typical Day
Divisional Head
Middle School
Overview
A Typical Day
Divisional Heads
Sixth Form
Overview
A Typical Day
Divisional Heads
Health & Wellbeing
Health Centre
Counsellor
Peer Mentors
Catering
Co-curricular
Introduction
Co-curricular Deputy
Visual Arts
Sport
Return to Sport
Sport
Physical Education
Remote Resources
Sevenoaks Inter School Challenge
Sport News
Sports Calendar
Sport Fixtures
Sport Results
Sports and Teams
Maps & Directions
Termly Sport Review
Approach to sport
Coaching ethos
Sport Scholarships
Sport Science
Our facilities
Sport Tours
Meet the PE team
James Emmitt
Steve Brenchley
Sean Holden
Lauren Cripps
Cath Nicholson
Jack Jarvis
Jamie Cullen
Andy Cornah
Charlotte Smith
Astria Nairn
Dave Smith
Sandra Jordan
Music
Music
Choirs
Choirs
Choral Society
Sennocke Consort
Chamber Choir
Lower School Singers
Senior Girls' Ensemble
Parents' Choir
Gospel Choir
Orchestras
Orchestras
Symphony Orchestra
Foundation orchestra
Sevenoaks Strings
Wind Band
Concerts
Concerts
Solo Concerts
Large Ensemble Concerts
Chamber music
Chamber music
Classical ensembles
Jazz and pop ensembles
Contemporary music
Contemporary music
Big Band
Composers' Corner
Music lessons
Music news
Music Videos
Music Gallery
Music Calendar
Trips and Tours
Facilities
Holistic studies
The holistic approach
Meet the team
Christopher Dyer
Julia Kiggell
Kathryn Ashwell
Tau Wey
Nick Beston
Simon Palmer
Jackie Hendry
Jon Hendry
Suzy Parkin
David Chan
Virginia Chan
Musical alumni
Joe Stilgoe
Verity Quade
Hannah Dawson
Minn Majoe
Matthew Best
James McVinnie
Music outside Sevenoaks
Music outside Sevenoaks
BBC Young Musician
Composers In Action
Drama
Photo Gallery
Reviews
Service & Social Impact
Activities
Clubs and Societies
Debating
IQ
MUN
Schickler Society
CCF
DofE
Trips & Exchanges
Support Us
The Foundation
The Foundation
The Trustees
Jin Yu Cheong
Kenneth Cheung
Tat-Seng Chiam
Dr Nikki Lee
Pratap Shirke
Covid-19 Appeal
Old Sennockians
Make a Gift
Leave a Legacy
Campaign for Sevenoaks School
Covid-19 Appeal
Make a Gift
Old Sennockians
Contact Us
Contact
Get in Touch
Contact Details
Find Us
Parents
Pupils
Staff
OS
|
The Space
Sennocke Centre
Outreach
Summer Programme
News
Calendar
Videos
Galleries
Fixtures
Sports Results
I am looking for...
About the School
Admissions
Open Mornings
Exam Results
Fees
Boarding Information
Sports Fixtures and Results
Fixture maps and directions
Key dates
Parent Pages
Parents Online
Vacancies
About this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement explains how personal data is processed by Sevenoaks School, a registered charity (No. 1101358) and a company limited by guarantee (No. 04908949). It also encompasses data processing by the School’s trading company Sennocke Services Ltd (No. 01980362) and The Friends of Sevenoaks School charity (No. 1164214).
Use of the term ‘the School’ refers to Sevenoaks School, and its associated entities Sennocke Services Limited and Friends of Sevenoaks. Where there is a need to describe the data processing arrangements between the three entities, they are separately identified.
This Privacy Statement also describes how data is processed in conjunction with The Sevenoaks School Foundation (The Foundation), a separate charity with the object of the advancement of Sevenoaks School. The Foundation’s Privacy Statement may be viewed at https://inspire.sevenoaksschool.org
The School is a data controller of your personal data for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 and we take our responsibilities as a controller of data very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how the School obtains, processes and protects your personal data, and how we manage our commitment and responsibility to you. It also explains the legal rights that you have in relation to your personal data. If you have any questions about your personal data or its use, please contact the Clerk by email at clerk@sevenoaksschool.org
Types of personal data we process
The School processes personal data about prospective, current and former students and their parents; School staff; suppliers and contractors; commercial customers of Sennocke Services Ltd, and other individuals connected to or visiting the School.
Data processed by the School takes different forms. It may be factual information, expressions of opinion, images or other recorded information which identifies or relates to a living individual.
Examples of data held include:•	name, title, date of birth and gender; •	contact details including address, email, phone numbers; •	occupations and professional activities; •	family and spouse/partner details; •	admissions, academic, disciplinary and other educational records, information about special educational needs, references, examination scripts and marks; •	information related to the health and wellbeing of students; •	education and employment data; •	images, audio and video recordings including CCTV; •	financial information (e.g.
for bursary assessment or for fundraising); •	courses, meetings or events attended; •	We also need to process “special category personal data” for certain purposes. i.e. personal data relating to an
individual’s health, sex life or sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, and trade union membership.
Purposes for which we process personal data
We process personal data to support the School’s operation as an independent day and boarding school, and in particular for:
•	The assessment, selection and admission of students; •	All administration relating to the delivery of education, including
curriculum and timetable, monitoring and reporting on pupil progress, administration of examinations and the provision of pupil references (including after the student has left); •	Educational support and co-curricular activities including library services, higher education advice, administration of School sports and trips, and provision of School IT; •	The safeguarding and wellbeing of pupils through the provision of pastoral care, and health care services; •	Compliance with legislation and regulation including information required for inspection by the Independent Schools Inspectorate and the provision of annual census information to the Independent Schools Council and Department for Education; •	School administration including the management of pupil records, finance (including fees, invoices and accounts), the management and security of School property, including the provision of identity cards and CCTV, planning research and analysis, and the application of School rules; •	Promoting and marketing the School; •	The provision to parents, students and staff of sports services provided by the Sennocke Centre, under the management of Sennocke Services Ltd; •	The opportunity to attend events managed by The Space, under the management of Sennocke Services Ltd; •	The management of our relationships with commercial customers of Sennocke Services Ltd; •	The involvement of parents and staff with The Friends of Sevenoaks School whose object is to engage in activities that advance the education of the students of Sevenoaks School. •	The management of our community education engagement activities
Fundraising and Keeping in Touch
Development and alumni activities in support of Sevenoaks School are managed by the Sevenoaks School Foundation.
Please see their separate Privacy Statement for details of the Foundation’s approach to safeguarding your data, and how you may manage preferences, particularly after a pupil has left the School.
How we collect, process and share information about you
We collect most of the personal data we process directly from the individuals concerned, or in the case of pupils, from their parents. We also collect some data from third parties, including referees, previous schools, the Disclosure and Barring Service, professionals or authorities working with the individual, or from publicly available resources.
The School has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. Our online forms that are used to collect personal data such as event booking forms are encrypted. Our network is securely protected and monitored. Our policies on the use of information systems and devices are rigorous. The School undertakes regular reviews of people with access to the information it holds to ensure that it is only available to appropriately trained staff and vetted contractors. Further details of our security measures are available on request from clerk@sevenoaksschool.org
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We may transfer information we process about you to countries outside the EU which do not provide the same level of data protection as the country in which you reside, for example, where your data is being held on our behalf by third party service providers whose servers are geographically located outside the EU. Where this happens, in order to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected we have put in place measures to ensure that your personal information is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with and respects the EU and UK laws on data protection such as standard contractual clauses which have been approved by the European Commission.
In the day to day running of the School, we process and share personal data (including special category personal data where appropriate) with third parties such as the School’s professional advisers, the Local Safeguarding Board, the Disclosure and Barring Service, UK Visas and Immigration, HM Revenue and Customs the Department for Education, and third party service providers such as our website hoster.
Information is shared between Sevenoaks School and the Foundation on the basis of the shared objectives and legitimate interests of both organisations. Whereas the School is a controller of personal data primarily for the purposes of providing education and pastoral care of its students, the Foundation is a controller of personal data for the purposes of marketing, development and fundraising,
and administering the School’s alumni association (Old Sennockians.) Where it is appropriate and lawful to do so, the School will share personal data with the Foundation and vice versa for their respective purposes. Where personal data is shared, it is always in compliance with our data protection laws. For more information about how the Foundation process personal data please read their Privacy Statement at https://inspire.sevenoaksschool.org/privacy-statement.
Information is also shared between the School, Sennocke Services Ltd and Friends of Sevenoaks, again on the basis of the shared objectives and on the legal basis that it is in the legitimate interest of all three associated organisations.
The legal basis for processing your personal data
We will process your personal data on the basis of one or more legal grounds depending upon the specific purpose for which we are using your information, but in most cases, the legal basis falls into one of the following categories below. (Where appropriate, we have also identified our legitimate interests in processing your personal data.)
•	For contractual purposes: o	E.g. we need to process personal data in order to fulfil our duties and obligations under the parent contract including the provision of education and pastoral care.
•	Where you have provided your consent: o	We require your consent to publish images of you on our website and on third party social networking platforms.  o	We rely on your consent to send you electronic direct marketing such as email, SMS and telephone. o	We rely on consent to share personal data and special category personal data with third party professionals such as Educational Psychologists for specialist assessment or to examination boards. o	We may rely on consent to share a reference and other information in support of an application to other educational establishments such as universities. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
•	To comply with our legal obligations or for the purposes of substantial public interest: o	E.g. we are required by law to process personal data in order to comply with our safeguarding and other legal obligations. This may involve sharing personal data and special category personal data with other agencies such as the Local Authority.
•	Where processing is necessary for the purposes of preventative or occupational medicine or provision of treatment by a health professional: o	E.g. the School’s nurses will collect and process medical data when assessing the medical needs of students or providing them with medical treatment.
•	Where the processing is necessary for the purposes of the
legitimate interests of the School or the legitimate interests of a third party such as the Foundation or the Friends of Sevenoaks providing these are not overridden by the interests rights and freedoms of individuals and do not involve the processing of special category personal data: Many of the purposes for which the School processes personal data will be based upon this legal ground. Examples, include: o	We may send you marketing on our own behalf or on behalf of others such as the Friends of Sevenoaks for legitimate business purposes which include raising funds for the School. But you always have the right to control how we go about this by updating your marketing preferences or to stop receiving marketing altogether; o	To give and receive information and references about former, current or prospective students, including information about outstanding fees or payment history; o	To appropriately monitor use of the School’s IT and communications system so as to ensure that it is being used in accordance with School policy and the law; o	To lawfully monitor School buildings and individuals using CCTV for the prevention and detection of crime, for the safety of our students, staff and visitors and to protect School buildings and property; o	For the purposes of management planning and forecasting, research and statistical analysis such as diversity or gender pay gap analysis; o	We transfer personal data between the Foundation and the School for legitimate and reasonable purposes where those purposes assist the Foundation with its fundraising objective or to protect the School’s interests. e.g. where it is necessary to understand any conflict of interest which may arise in the context of a donation.
The School may also process personal data where it is necessary to protect the vital interests of an individual or where it is necessary to do so in the context of legal claims and proceedings in order to protect the interests of the School, our staff or our students.
How long will the School keep your personal data?
Your personal data will be retained securely for so long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for but including for the purposes of satisfying any legal*, accounting or reporting requirements and where required to assert or defend against legal claims, until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Upon expiry of the applicable retention period we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with data protection law or other applicable regulation. If you have any specific questions about retention of your information please contact clerk@sevenoaksschool.org
Your rights Under Data Protection Law you have the right to: •	Obtain access to, and copies of, the personal data we hold about you; o	The School is required to respond within one month. But please note, we may be able to respond more quickly to targeted requests for information. If your request is manifestly excessive or similar to previous requests, we may ask you to reconsider or charge a fee where the law permits us to do so. o	The School may legally withhold your personal data in certain circumstances. For example, where making the information available to you would reveal personal data about another person. The School is also legally entitled to withhold information that is legally privileged, references given or to be given in confidence for employment or educational purposes and student examination scripts.
•	Correct any inaccurate data we hold about you;
•	Ask for data about you to be amended or erased, subject to certain limitations;
•	Ask us not to send you communications;
•	Withdraw your consent to any further processing, where the School is relying on consent as a ground for processing;
•	In certain circumstances receive data in a reasonable format specified by you;
•	Request the restriction of the processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it;
•	Object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or the legitimate interest of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to the processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to access or amend your personal data or object to how it is used, please contact Gail Jones, Clerk to the Governors, in writing or by email to: clerk@sevenoaksschool.org. We will respond as soon as we can, and certainly within the statutory time limits.
If you fail to provide personal data to us
Where we need to process your personal data in order to comply with a law (for instance, in relation to necessary checks with the Disclosure and Barring Service) or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide the personal data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with employment or admit your child to the School). In these sort of circumstances, we may have to decline to provide you with a service or enter into a contract with you, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time the personal data is collected.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights you have in relation to your personal data please contact clerk@sevenoaksschool.org. We will respond as soon as reasonably practicable, and certainly within the statutory time limits.
Student Data
Where consent is necessary for the processing of student data, we will rely on parental consent unless, given the nature of the processing in question and the student’s age and understanding, it is more appropriate to rely on the student’s consent. Parents may not always be consulted. This will depend on the interest of the child, the parents’ rights under their contract or other legal rights, and the precise nature of the circumstances.
Apart from in exceptional circumstances, a student’s consent will not be required to keep parents informed about the pupil’s progress, activities, behaviour and welfare. Where a pupil raises a confidential matter and expressly withholds their consent to disclosure to their parents there may be an obligation to maintain confidentiality. Alternatively the School may take the decision that disclosure is in the best interest of the student or students, or may be required by law.
Students may make subject access requests for their own personal data, provided they have sufficient maturity to understand the request they are making. Requests can be made by a parent or other person on behalf of a student. However, if the School deems that the student has sufficient maturity, it may require their consent before their personal data is disclosed to their parent or other representative.
Keeping your information up to date
The School has a responsibility to keep your information accurate and up to date. To help us with this task you should inform us of any changes. You can amend your data with us at any time, and we will remind you of this in all communications we send.
Children and privacy
The safety and welfare of pupils is paramount. The School will not, for example, use individual student stories without parental and student’s consent. Images which do not intrude on individual privacy may be used in accordance with School policy.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is sent and stored on your computer and/or mobile device when you visit our website. Cookies may identify your computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address but do not identify you as an individual. We use cookies on our website so we can personalise content for visitors, make sure it works the way it should and to make improvements.
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Comments Your comments and feedback will help us to learn and improve. If you wish to communicate with us about any aspect of your experience of the School, please contact clerk@sevenoaksschool.org.
If you are not satisfied with our response you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
Changes to our privacy statement
The School may change this policy from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we treat your information we will make this clear on the School website or by contacting you directly.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement please contact Gail Jones, Clerk to the Governors, Sevenoaks School, High Street, Kent, TN13 1HU. clerk@sevenoaksschool.org