http://www.museumsassociation.org/terms
Terms
Terms and conditions for our website
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the Museums Association’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “the Museums Association” or “MA” “us” or “we” or “our” refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 42 Clerkenwell Close, London, EC1R 0AZ. We are a charitable company limited by guarantee company registration number 252131 and charity registration number 313024, in England and Wales, and a charity registered in Scotland number OSCR SC041856. Our VAT registration number is GB 523 0407 92.
The term “you” or “your” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
1. Terms of use of this website:
1.1 The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
1.2 Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
1.3 Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
1.4 This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
1.5 All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of or licensed to the operator are acknowledged on the website.
1.6 Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
1.7 This website also includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
1.8 Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
2. Website disclaimer
2.1 The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by the Museums Association and while we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
2.2 In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
2.3 Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the Museums Association. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
2.4 Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the Museums Association takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable.
3. Copyright notice
3.1 This website and its content is copyright of the Museums Association – © The Museums Association. All rights reserved.
3.2 Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
3.2.1 You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
3.3 You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
4. Intellectual property rights and use of material
4.1 The content, layout, design, data, graphics and trade marks on this website are protected by UK and other international copyright laws and other than as expressly permitted by licence or herein, downloading, saving, (including on any other website or electronic retrieval system or service), altering or modifying, or reproduction of any material, is not permitted. In no circumstances may any commercial use of such material be made without our express written consent.
The Museums Association and Museums Journal trademarks and logos which are displayed on this website are the trademarks of the Museums Association. Any use of including framing, meta tags or other text utilising such trademarks is strictly prohibited without our expressed written consent.
4.2 You may however print and download a small and reasonable quantity of such materials from this website, strictly for personal, non commercial use and on the following basis:
4.2.1 No documents or related graphics on this website are modified in any way;
4.2.2 No graphics on this website are used separately from accompanying text;
4.2.3 Our copyright and trade mark notices remain as appear in all copies online; and
4.2.4 Customary bibliographic citation, including author attribution, date, article, article title and the URL www.museumsassociation.org are included.
4.2.5 All rights not expressly granted in these terms or any express licence, are reserved.
5. Links to other websites
5.1 Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
6. Cancellations and returns
6.1 Events: no refunds are available for cancellations and fees may not be transferred to another event but a replacement delegate may attend.
6.2 Annual conference: full refunds can only be made if we are notified by a certain date each year (usually two months before the conference). Cancellations made between one and two months before the conference will receive a 50% refund. No refunds are made for cancellations made within one month of the event
6.3 Publications: publications purchased online can be returned within seven days from the date you receive the item (or the date you receive the first issue if it is a periodical). Return the publication along with its mailing wrapper to us at 42 Clerkenwell Close, London, EC1R 0AZ and we will refund the cost of the item or subscription along with the postage that you paid to return it.
6.4 Membership: if you have purchased membership and change your mind within 7 days, notify us by phone (020 7566 7880) or by email (membership@museumsassociation.org). Your membership fee will be refunded in full once we have received your membership card (if it has already been sent to you). If you have used membership benefits such as discounts on events or publications, we will be unable to cancel your membership. If you pay by Direct Debit and wish to end your membership when you receive your renewal notification please get in touch to inform us. If you pay by other methods, there is no need to take any action. Please note all Museums Association memberships are annual and cannot be cancelled part way through the year.
7. Privacy
For information on how we use and protect any personal information that you give to us, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Comments: Community RulesTo participate in any of our online communities, please read our Code of Conduct.
In order to comment on articles and other content on museumsassociation.org you must first register and log in. Comments will be displayed with your name, and any workplace details you have provided.
By commenting on any content on museumsassociation.org you agree to the following Community Rules, which are at our discretion.
We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at its discretion. Users who persistently break the following rules may be blocked from making comments, at our discretion.
· Comments should not be disruptive, threatening offensive or abusive. museumsassociation.org will not tolerate personal attacks on writers, individuals or other users, or persistent trolling.
· No unlawful or content that could be deemed harassing, defamatory, obscene or offensively profane. No comments that may put us in legal jeopardy, or material posted in potential breach of copyright.
· Racism, sexism, homophobia or other forms of hate-speech will not be tolerated.
· No impersonation attempts.
· You may post URLs to other websites but commercial comments that we deem to be advertising will be removed.
· No spamming.
· Keep your posts relevant. Off-topic posts will be removed at our discretion
· You may only post content to which you own the copyright – do not post content copied from others.
We reserve the right to add to these Community Rules at any time, without notice.
By submitting a comment to museumsassociation.org, you retain copyright of your comment, but agree to grant us a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content.
If you do not wish to grant such rights to us, you should not submit your contribution to museumsassociation.org.
How we protect your data
For our events and online spaces
Answers to your questions
Advertisement