http://www.briarcliff.edu/legal-and-consumer/
Section Navigation
Legal & Consumer Information
Choose a section
Click for choices
Information about Briar Cliff
Academic Policies & Programs
Student Financial Assistance
Student Outcomes
Health and Safety
Other BCU Policies & Resources
Quick Links
Find my degreeExplore financial aidRequest More InfoVisit CampusApply Today
Section Navigation
At Briar Cliff University, we protect your rights by making a wide range of information about our institution available to current and prospective students. This information, provided in compliance with federal regulations, ranges from our privacy policies and the protection of student records to our academic policies, financial aid and health and safety information on campus:
Information about Briar Cliff University
Accreditation Information
Students may review copies of documents regarding entities that accredit, license, or approve the institution and its programs.
Briar Cliff University is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Higher Learning Commission, 30 North LaSalle Street, Suite 2400, Chicago, Illinois 60602-2504. Tel: (800) 621-7440. To review the accreditation documents, contact the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, call (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
MORE ACCREDITATION INFORMATION
Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act
Many departments at Briar Cliff University collect and maintain information about students. Although these records belong to the university, both university policy and federal law accord students a number of rights concerning these records. The federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) establishes rules and regulations for access to and disclosure of student records.
To fulfill FERPA requirements, the university has established Policies on Student Records. These policies outline a student's rights regarding his/her records, where records may be kept and maintained, what kinds of information are in those records, the conditions under which the student or others may have access and what action a student can take regarding perceived inaccuracies or if a student's rights have been compromised. The policies on student records are published by the Office of the Registrar. For more information or to receive a copy, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1,  or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
LEARN MORE ABOUT FERPA
Student Information Release Policy
Most information containing a student’s personal and academic records is considered confidential and is not released to anyone without the student’s written authorization. There is, however, some information that Briar Cliff University and its employees can release without the student’s authorization. This information is defined as “directory information.” Students may also request that this information be withheld from the public, but must do so in person at the Office of the Registrar.
For more information, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1,  or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR STUDENT INFORMATION RELEASE POLICY
Compliance with Electronic Code of Federal Regulations
The Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) annual edition is the codification of the general and permanent rules published in the Federal Register by the departments and agencies of the Federal Government produced by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR) and the Government Publishing Office.
LEARN MORE ABOUT CFR
State Authorizations for Online Degree Offerings (Distance Education)
Universities are required to comply with the distance education laws of each individual state. If you are an out-of-state student seeking to enroll in one of Briar Cliff's online degree completion or graduate programs, or if you are an online student considering moving to another state, you should check Briar Cliff University's status with that state.  Visit the state authorization page to determine if your program is authorized in your home/target state.  Participating in a program not authorized by your state could result in loss of transferability of credits.
Students with Disabilities
For information on facilities and services for disabled students, contact Student Support Services, Heelan Hall Room #057, Tel: (712) 279-1717, or visit the Student Support Services webpage.
Career & Placement Services
Briar Cliff University does its best to assist graduates in job placement, and to assist current students in internship placement. Students and graduates can find career and employment information through the Office of Career Education. Contact the Office of Career Education online, in person at Stark Student Center Room #SD-4 , or by telephone: (712) 279-5455.
LEARN MORE ABOUT CAREER & PLACEMENT SERVICES
Student Diversity
For information about Briar Cliff's diversity of the student body, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1, or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
Or, download Briar Cliff University's updated student body profile (PDF).
Privacy Rights & Consumer Protection
Briar Cliff protects personal privacy in compliance with any applicable laws.
European Union General Data Protection Regulation
California Consumer Privacy Act
Academic Policies & Programs
Academic Program Descriptions
Information on Briar Cliff University's academic programs and degree offerings can be found on the Degrees & Programs webpage.
Academic Standing Policy
In order to be a considered a student in good standing at Briar Cliff University, a student must earn and maintain a cumulative grade point average of 2.00 or better. Any student who fails to earn a 2.00 GPA in any term and whose cumulative GPA drops below 2.00 is classified as a student on probation and runs the risk of being dismissed from the university.
For more information, contact the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, call (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
LEARN MORE ABOUT ACADEMIC STANDING POLICY
Academic Withdrawal Procedures
Students may add or drop classes in their schedules with the help of faculty advisors. Classes may be added or dropped within the first two days of the term only. During the next three days, courses may be added and dropped by picking up a Change in Registration form from the Office of the Registrar. After the first week, however, only the Registrar’s Office may change a student’s schedule.
For more information or to receive a copy, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1,  or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
LEARN MORE ABOUT THE ACADEMIC WITHDRAWAL PROCEDURES
Articulation Agreements (with other institutions)
Briar Cliff University maintains a number of articulation agreements with other colleges and universities to serve students with specific academic program needs. In some cases, these agreements cover how credits transfer to Briar Cliff University for completion of the baccalaureate degree. In other cases, the agreements allow Briar Cliff University students to transfer to and from degree programs at other institutions while completing the baccalaureate degree at Briar Cliff University.
For more information, contact the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, call (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
LEARN MORE ABOUT ARTICULATION AGREEMENTS
Copyright, Peer-to-Peer File Sharing & Plagiarism
Information about the university's policies on use of copyrighted material, including peer-to-peer file sharing, is on the Copyright, Peer-to-Peer File Sharing and Plagiarism policy webpage.
For more information, contact the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, call (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
Definition of a Credit Hour & Semester Length
Briar Cliff University defines a credit hour as the equivalent of 50 minutes of instruction per week. A semester is 14 weeks of instruction, so a credit hour is equivalent to 700 minutes in a semester.
For more information, contact the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, call (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
Faculty
Information on the university's faculty and instructional personnel is available via the online employee directory.
Graduation Requirements
Degree candidates must meet the graduation requirements of the catalog in effect at the time of graduation or of either of the previous two catalogs, provided that the student was enrolled, at either Briar Cliff University or another institution with which Briar Cliff University has a joint admission articulation. For more information, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1,  or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
VIEW GRADUATION REQUIREMENTS
Transfer of Credit
Upon receipt of official transcripts during the admission process, Briar Cliff University's Office of Admissions can evaluate them to determine how many of your credits will transfer to the University. For more information, contact the Office of Admissions online, in person at Noonan Hall Office #106,  or by telephone: (712) 279-5200.
Student Complaint/Grievance Policy
To support its commitment to equity and due process, Briar Cliff University encourages students and prospective students to address complaints relating to institutional policies and consumer protection issues first with personnel in the department or office that led to the complaint alleged.Then, if needed, University administrators may also become involved to help resolve complaints. Briar Cliff students may file three types of grievances: academic issues, administrative issues or discrimination issues.
For more information, refer to p. 10-14 in the current Student Handbook.
If you have concerns regarding the quality of instruction provided at the University or the University's ongoing ability to meet its accreditation requirements, you may contact the University's accreditor, the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, using the process described here: www.ncahlc.org/HLC-Institutions/complaints.html.
Complaints Outside of Due Process
Briar Cliff University has created procedures to respond to complaints that fall outside of due process, such as those that may be submitted by clinical personnel, patients, or other stakeholders involved with the University.
LEARN MORE ABOUT COMPLAINTS OUTSIDE OF DUE PROCESS
Incarcerated Student Policy
Briar Cliff University has created procedures for students who are incarcerated in local penal institutions. For more information, click on the link below.
INCARCERATED STUDENT POLICY
Student Financial Assistance
Consumer Information for Financial Aid
Briar Cliff University is required, on an annual basis, to provide to all enrolled students a list of financial aid information that is available to them. A list of the information is described below. Briar Cliff University will provide a paper copy to any student upon request. The information may be obtained by calling (712) 279-5200 or by contacting the Financial Aid Office online.
You can also obtain all institutional and financial aid information by contacting any of the following persons:
Vice President for Enrollment Management, Stark Student Center | 08, (712) 279-1774
Financial Aid Officer, Noonan Hall Room 113, (712) 279-1636
Financial Aid Administrator, Noonan Hall Room 116, (712) 279-1614
Below is a list of financial aid information available to students:
Financial Aid Overview
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
Types of Aid (including scholarships, grants, state aid, federal aid, work study, military benefits and private loans)
Eligibility for Federal Financial Aid
How to Apply for Aid
Financial Aid Guides
Other Financial Aid Forms
How to Activate Your Federal Student Loans (video)
How to Complete Exit Loan Counseling (video)
Private Loan Information
Institutional Refund Policy
Satisfactory Academic Progress
This is the term used to denote a student's successful completion of course work toward a degree. Students must maintain specific, satisfactory academic progress requirements to be eligible for financial aid. For more information, click the link below, contact the Office of Financial Aid online, visit in person at Noonan Hall Office #106, or call (712) 279-5200.
LEARN MORE ABOUT SATISFACTORY ACADEMIC PROGRESS
Disbursement of Your Aid Funds
Financial aid is disbursed (released) to students in different ways depending on the type of aid and other factors. For more detailed information regarding method and frequency of fund disbursement, refer to your corresponding Financial Aid guidebook.
To request a print copy of a financial aid guidebook, contact the Office of Financial Aid online, visit in person at Noonan Hall Office #106, or call (712) 279-5200.
University Code of Conduct for Student Loans
Briar Cliff University adheres to a code of conduct regarding relationships with providers of educational loans. For more information, read the code of conduct by clicking the link below, or request a print copy by contacting the Office of Academic Affairs, Heelan Hall Office #155, tel: (712) 279-1642 or email AcademicDean@briarcliff.edu.
VIEW CODE OF CONDUCT FOR STUDENT LOANS (PDF)
Financial Complaint Procedure
Briar Cliff University is committed to treating all students fairly and respectfully. If you encounter a problem or a grievance arises concerning tuition, fees or your financial aid process at Briar Cliff, we encourage you to contact the Office of Financial Aid online, visiting in person at Noonan Hall Office #106, or calling (712) 279-5200.
You may also file a formal complaint with the Iowa College Student Aid Commission. For more information, click on the link below.
FILING A FORMAL COMPLAINT
Scholarship Fraud
The College Scholarship Fraud Prevention Act of 2000 was passed to protect against fraud in student financial aid by establishing stricter sentencing guidelines for criminal financial aid fraud. According to the Federal Trade Commission, perpetrators of financial aid fraud often use the following lines to sell their scholarship services; students should avoid any scholarship service or website that says the following:
"This scholarship is guaranteed or your money back."
"You can't get this information anywhere else."
"I just need your credit card or bank account number to hold this scholarship."
"We'll do all the work."
"This scholarship will cost some money."
"You've been selected by a 'national foundation' to receive a scholarship" or "You're a finalist" in a contest you never entered.
The U.S. Department of Education notes that there is no need to any student to pay for college preparation or financial aid advice. High school counselors, college financial aid administrators and the Federal Student Aid Information Center all provide help for free. Visit www.federalstudentaid.ed.gov/LSA for lists of fraud warning signs and free sources of aid information.
If you believe you've been the victim of scholarship fraud, wish to file a complaint, or want more information, call 1 (877) FTC-HELP or visit the Federal Trade Commission website. Also, visit the U.S. Department of Education Office of the Inspector General.
Student Outcomes
Graduation & Retention Rates (PDF)
The Office of the Registrar offers up-to-date data on degrees conferred, enrollment reports, freshmen retention rates and race and ethnicity reports for annual degrees. Click on the link below to view the annual graduation and retention rate report.
For more information, contact the Office of the Registrar online, in person at Noonan Hall Room GR-1, or by telephone: (712) 279-5448.
VIEW GRADUATION & RETENTION RATES (PDF)
Graduation And Retention Rates For Student Athletes
This must be provided to student-athletes, their parents, high school coaches, and guidance counselors upon request. Click on the link below to view the athlete graduation rates at Briar Cliff University.
For more information, contact the Athletic Department administrative offices, located on the third floor of the Newman Flanagan Center, tel: (712) 279-1761.
VIEW ATHLETE GRADUATION RATES (PDF)
Employment For Graduates
Available information about job placement rates and the types of employment obtained by Briar Cliff University may be obtained from the Office for Career Education.
For more information, contact the Office for Career Education online, in person at the Stark Student Center Room #SD-4, or by telephone: (712) 279-5455.
Athletic Program Participation And Financial Support Data
As part of The Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act, information on annual participation rates and financing of men's and women's sports in intercollegiate athletic programs is available by request to students and the general public.
For more information or to receive a copy of the report, contact the Athletic Department administrative offices, located on the third floor of the Newman Flanagan Center, tel: (712) 279-1761. Or, click on the link below:
LEARN MORE ABOUT OUT ATHLETIC PROGRAM PARTICIPATION
Health and Safety
Campus Safety & Security Services
Campus Right to Know & Security Act
Campus Security & Fire Safety Report
Emergency Response & Evacuation Procedures
Crime Reporting & Prevention
Drug & Alcohol Abuse Prevention
Vaccination Policy
Sexual Abuse, Assault & Title IX Procedures
Other BCU Policies & Resources
Our Website Privacy Policy
Contact Information for University Departments & Offices
Undergraduate Student Handbook (PDF)
Graduate Student Handbook (PDF)
Online Student Orientation (PDF)
Academic Catalogs
Academic Calendar
Course Schedules
State of Iowa Voter Registration
NOTE: Information on the Website is Subject to Change
Because of the nature of federal, state, and institutional guidelines affecting financial aid programs, the information contained in this website is subject to change.
Section Navigation
Apply Now Give Back Library BCYOU! Charger STABLE
News Calendar Directory Job Opportunities Employee Portal Legal & Consumer Contact Us
3303 Rebecca StreetSioux City, Iowa 51104(800) 662-3303admissions@briarcliff.edu
Printed from: https://www.briarcliff.edu/legal-and-consumer/