http://www.umass.edu/it/policies
Jump to navigation
The University of Massachusetts Amherst
Open UMass Global Links Menu
Visit
Apply
Give
Search UMass.edu
UMass Amherst
Search Google Appliance
Enter the terms you wish to search for.
Links
Email
SPIRE
Moodle
Blackboard Learn
Online Storage
People Finder
Information Technology
Services
See all IT Services
Services at a Glance
Accounts
Email
Instructional Technologies
Discounts
Network Connectivity
Online Storage & Collaboration
Moodle
Telephones
SPIRE
Web Hosting
Classroom Technologies
Policies
Support
Security
Software
About
Policies & ProceduresUMass Amherst IT oversees the proper use of technology resources on campus. Our policies and procedures provide a framework for the lawful, appropriate use of campus technology resources.
You are hereHome › Services
Policies Highlights
New Privacy Policy (approved by the Chancellor on May 30, 2019).
New Information Security Policy (approved by the Chancellor on March 20, 2018).
Updated Acceptable Use of Information Technology Resources policy (approved by the Chancellor on September 8, 2015).
New Confidentiality of Institutional Information & Research Data policy (approved by the Chancellor September 8, 2015).
The use of all IT services is covered by our Acceptable Use of Information Technology Resources Policy.
Policies are approved after significant vetting by the campus.
University of Massachusetts Amherst Privacy Policy
The purpose of the Privacy Policy is to affirm the University's commitment to protect the privacy of its community and others who have entrusted their data to its care.
University of Massachusetts Amherst Information Security Policy
The University of Massachusetts Amherst Information Security Policy is the formal policy on information security governance structure, technical standards, and procedures to preserve and protect the institutional information, research data, and information technology resources of UMass Amherst.
Acceptable Use of Information Technology Resources Policy
The Acceptable Use of Information Technology Resources Policy is the formal policy statement on acceptable use of UMass Amherst information technology resources.
Supporting documents including interpretation guidelines and associated rights and responsibilities:
Acceptable Use of Information Technology Resources Policy Interpretation Guidelines
Rights and Responsibilities for Acceptable Use of Information Technology
Confidentiality of Institutional Information & Research Data Policy
The Confidentiality of Institutional Information & Research Data Policy is a policy statement on the appropriate management of institutional information and research data and establishes the foundational roles and rules for information management.
Standards & Operating Procedures
UMass Amherst IT Policies Archive
Written Information Security Plan
Linkedin
©  University of Massachusetts Amherst • Site Policies • Site Contact
©2020 University of Massachusetts Amherst · Site Policies · Accessibility