https://www.uwinnipeg.ca/privacy/web-privacy-notice.html
Information for:
Student
Future Student
International
Parent
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Community
Media
Visitor
Resources
A-Z Index
Directory
Maps
Email
Admissions
Admissions Home
Undergraduate
Graduate Studies
International
Collegiate
Professional, Applied & Continuing Education
English Language Program
Awards and Financial Aid
Academics
Academics Home
Faculties
Programs
Centres and Chairs
Colleges
Library
Nexus
Academic Calendar
Registration
WebAdvisor
Campus Life
Campus Life Home
Arts and Culture
Art Gallery
Bookstore
Events Calendar
Fitness & Recreation
Housing
Restaurants
UW Students' Association
Virtuosi Concert Series
Wesmen Athletics
About UWinnipeg
About UWinnipeg Home
President
Administration
Campus Development
Campus Services
Conferences & Events Services
Employment
Foundation
Indigenous UWinnipeg
Publications
Research
You are here:
The University of Winnipeg /
Privacy /
Web Privacy Notice
Web Privacy Notice
Information and Privacy Office
UWinnipeg is committed to privacy and operating in compliance with applicable legislation, including Manitoba’s Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA). This webpage provides important notice regarding the automatic collection of information from visitors to our website.
Information collected automatically from website visitors is non-identifiable to UWinnipeg, which means we cannot link this information to a particular individual. We only collect identifiable “personal information”, such as your name, phone number or email address, if you choose to provide it to us voluntarily. Whenever personal information is collected, you are entitled to receive notice of this action, including the purpose of collection and the contact information of an employee who can answer questions you may have. Some websites may also have additional privacy notices. Please read all notices carefully.
Our collection of personal information is done under the legal authority of the University of Winnipeg Act and 36(1)(b) of FIPPA.  Personal information will only be retained as long as necessary to carry out the purpose of collection or to fulfill contractual or legal obligations. Questions regarding our privacy practices can be directed to the Information and Privacy Office.
Automatic Server Logging
Our web servers create and store automatic logs of visits to our website. Logs contain basic information about website traffic, including:
the internet protocol (IP) address from which you visit our website
the uniform resource locator (URL) of the individual webpage(s) you visit
the date and time of your visit to our website
device information supplied by your web browser
Logs are created in aggregate and we do not track or attempt to identify individual site visitors, or combine logs with other information. However, IP addresses can be linked to individuals in certain circumstances. If this is a concern to you, speak to your internet service provider or consider the use of a tool, such as a virtual private network, that will conceal your actual IP address.
Processing location: Canada
Cookie Overview
Most websites, including ours, make use of small text files called "cookies". These files are downloaded onto your device via your web browser and are used for different purposes:
performance cookies provide statistical information regarding website visitors and how they interact with a website
tracking cookies are used to follow website visitors as they interact with multiple websites across the internet, generally for the purpose of serving the visitors with targeted advertisements
functionality cookies allow us to remember your preferences and information you have already submitted to us, such as when you complete a webform
necessary cookies are required for basic website operations
Your Options to Manage Cookies
You can change your web browser settings to modify cookie preferences:
Cookie settings in Firefox Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Please note that by disabling cookies, some functions of our website may not work correctly.
You can also disable the use of third-party cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance.
Facebook Pixel
We use Facebook Pixel to measure and optimize UWinnipeg advertising campaigns. Facebook Pixel uses cookies to track site visitors as they interact with our website and with UWinnipeg ads delivered via Facebook. This data is used to help us understand which content on our website is most likely to be of interest to Facebook users, to send targeted advertisements to those users and then to track them when they return to our website. Users are anonymous to UWinnipeg. The longest of these cookies lasts for 3 months (or until you clear your browser) while others expire when you close your browser.
Facebook’s privacy policy
Opt-out of the processing of data via Facebook Pixel
Cookie type: TrackingProcessing location: USA
Google Analytics and Google Custom Search
We use Google Analytics (GA), a website analytics service provided by Google.  We also use Google Custom Search (GCS) to enable website visitors to search our website. GA and GCS generate analytical data regarding website traffic. This data is used for aggregate statistical purposes, for reporting and to better understand the usage of our website. For example, analytics help us to know which of our webpages are most popular with website visitors. This information is only used by UWinnipeg and we do not attempt to link it to any other information we hold. Google’s cookies, as used by UWinnipeg, do not collect any personal information such as your name and email address. The longest of these cookies lasts for 2 years (or until you clear your browser) while others expire when you close your browser.
Google’s privacy policy
GA opt-out browser extension
Cookie type: PerformanceProcessing location: USA
Twitter
We use Twitter integration to display Tweets by @uwinnipeg.ca on the front page of our website. Twitter places a number of cookies on any website that includes a Twitter feed. These cookies are used to enable Twitter integration and for tracking purposes. The longest of these cookies lasts for 2 years (or until you clear your browser) while others expire after 2 weeks.
Twitter's privacy policyTwitter's use of cookies and similar technologiesCookie type: Functionality and trackingProcessing location: USA
Other Cookies
A few components of our website, such as our events calendar and web form builder, make use of  functionality and necessary cookies. None of these cookies gather information about you that could be used for marketing or to track other sites you have visited on the internet. Once you close your browser, most of these cookies disappear. Others remain for a few weeks before expiring.
Cookie type: Functionality and necessaryProcessing location: Canada and USA
External Websites and Social Media Platforms
Our website contains links to external web pages. We also use social media to communicate with the UWinnipeg community. Please note that UWinnipeg is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external web pages and applications. We encourage you to read all applicable third party privacy notices before visiting external sites or engaging with us via social media.
Last updated March 11, 2019
Department Links
Home
Privacy
Privacy Overview
Privacy Policy
Resources
Access to Information
Access to Information Overview
Resources
Submit a FIPPA Request
Submit a PHIA Request
CASL
CASL Overview
Resources
Records Management
Records Scheduling
Resources
Contact