http://www.omsi.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main
navigation
Gift them something to look forward to! OMSI Memberships are on sale for a limited time. Learn More >
×
OMSI: Oregon Museum of Science and Industry
TicketsTickets IconBuy Tickets
Help IconGet helphelp
Today's HoursCLOSED
menu
OMSI: Oregon Museum of Science and Industry
TicketsTickets IconBuy Tickets
Help IconGet helphelp
Today's HoursCLOSED
close
TicketsTickets IconBuy Tickets
Help IconGet helphelp
Today's HoursCLOSED
What's Here
Featured Exhibit
Events
Empirical Theater
Camps
Buy Tickets
Visitor Information
Buy Member Tickets
Member Information
Donate
School and Group Programs
For Museum Professionals
School and Group Programs
For Museum Professionals
Facebook IconFacebook Icon
Twitter IconTwitter Icon
Instagram IconInstagram Icon
Privacy Policy
The Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others except as explained in this statement. OMSI collects information from users on our website in some or all of the following ways:
Registration
In order to use certain parts of this website, users may be asked to first complete a registration form. During registration, users may be asked to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used only to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. Users may also be asked to provide demographic information (such as zip code, age or gender). To support OMSI's mission to provide science education to all people, we may share general demographic statistics about the users of our site with other organizations. OMSI will not share specific information about an individual user without that user's consent.
Purchases
We request information from our customers during online purchases of goods or services. During purchases, users must provide contact information (like name, shipping address and email address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used only for billing purposes and to fill the customer's order. If we have trouble processing an order, contact information is used to get in touch with the customer. OMSI does not share individual purchase information with any other commercial enterprise.
Email Communication
OMSI offers regular email communications for visitors interested in opting in to receiving information about upcoming exhibits, shows, and events. OMSI and MailChimp do not sell or rent our email mailing lists. Subscribers may unsubscribe from our email lists at any time by clicking the link provided at the bottom of each email communication.
Log Files
Like most websites, OMSI uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement through the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Comments
OMSI provides ways for users to give us their comments on OMSI's website, museum and programs. Personal information provided with these comments is not shared outide of OMSI and is used internally only to respond to specific comments.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age or grade level, etc). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. In cases where a contest is sponsored by a third party, contest entrants' contact information may be shared with the third party sponsor. Survey information will be used for purposes of science education or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Links
OMSI's website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that OMSI is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by OMSI's website.
Sharing
OMSI may share aggregated demographic information to support our mission to bring science education to all people. OMSI will not share any personal information that can identify any individual person without that person's permission.
OMSI may use outside companies for services such as shipping, order fulfillment or credit card processing. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
If OMSI cooperates with another party to provide specific services, we may share names, or other contact information with the third party for users who request such services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing requested services.
Security
OMSI takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline using industry standard systems.
If you have any questions about the security of our website, please email: reply@omsi.edu
Notification of Changes to OMSI Website Privacy Policy
If OMSI decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.