https://www.texthelp.com/en-us/compliance/
Our commitment to the privacy and security of your data
Our compliance to data security
We understand how important the privacy and security of your data is to you and have strict controls in place to secure your data, while achieving and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements and guidelines on security and quality. Texthelp Ltd.’s third-party audits, certifications and legal commitments help support our compliance.
ISO 27001
ISO 9001
Data Protection
Information Security Management System ISO 27001
Texthelp takes the security and privacy of all customer data very seriously and implements an Information Security Management System certified to the requirements of ISO 27001:2013 (certificate # IS 679535) that is audited annually by the British Standards Institute (BSI).
All data that is stored by Texthelp, and classified as Customer/Personal Information, is stored in compliance with the following guidelines:
Encrypted at Rest
Encrypted in Transit using SSL Encryption
All Access to the information is Logged
Access protected by two-factor authentication
All data must be stored in an ISO 27001 or equally secure facility
All data must be backed up regularly and securely
All data should be recorded in the data security management system
Any relevant data security contracts that have been entered into between Texthelp and a Customer must be recorded in the Data Security Management System
**No customer or private data will be transported using physical media**
All data stored by Texthelp is stored according to our Information Security Policy.
Quality Management Systems ISO 9001
Texthelp strives for continual improvement in our products and services and in our customer satisfaction. To help achieve this we implement a Quality Management System certified to the requirements of ISO 9001:2015 (certificate # FS 59973) that is audited annually by the British Standards Institute (BSI).
Data Protection
Texthelp complies with local and national data protection acts in particular with regard to making available to the customer information about the personal information we collect and what we do with this information.
Texthelp believes that the privacy of personal information is very important and continually strives to ensure the utmost protection of the personal information we collect.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them. This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The right to know about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The right to delete personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information; and
The right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights.
The Texthelp Products Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and what we use it for. Texthelp’s approach has always been to collect the minimum amount of information necessary to enable an optimal user experience. Texthelp does not sell your personal data to third parties or use the data for profiling purposes.
The Texthelp End User License Agreements for each product contain standard contractual clauses and these detail the data that may be collected during use of the product. The End User License Agreements are presented to the User prior to the software being installed, that is, at point of collection.
Subject data access request
Texthelp complies with section 1798.130 of the California Consumer Privacy Act and the rights of the Data Subject with regard to personal data that we may store about you and your right to request access or deletion of your personal information. Any request will be fulfilled within 45 calendar days of the request being received.
A Data Subject Access Request may be made via this form. Alternatively you may telephone using the numbers on our 'Contact Us' page or email to datasecurity@texthelp.com