http://www.reading.org/about-us/privacy-security
The username and/or password you entered was not recognized. Please try again. ×
Create an Account
Forgot Password?
Join
Donate
Blog
Digital Events
Meetings & Events
ILA Conference
ILA Digital Events
ILA Next
Calendar of Events
Get Involved
Explore Membership
Discover the ILA Network
30 Under 30
Donate
Write for ILA
Review for ILA
Leaders Wanted
Give a Gift
Get Resources
Instructional Practices
20 Research Articles for 2020
Science of Reading
Journals
Standards
Children's Rights to Read
Literacy Glossary
Literacy Today Magazine
Position Statements
What's Hot Report
Literacy Now Blog
Choices Reading Lists
Membership
Member Benefits
Membership Types
Join ILA
Renew
My Account & Profile
About Us
Why Literacy?
Our Story
Our Team
Press & Media
Global Operations
National Recognition
Literacy Research Panel
Awards & Grants
Financials
Contact Us
reading.org
Privacy & Security
Home> About Us> Privacy & Security
The International Literacy Association (or "ILA") is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and the visitors to its website. Several areas of ILA websites do track information or include fill-in forms that request personal data from users. Below is a summary of the way this information is used. By using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy & Security Policy and the Terms of Use. All references to this "Website" shall refer to the following sites:
literacyworldwide.org and access.literacyworldwide.org.
Information We Collect
We collect and store Personal Information that you provide voluntarily when using this Website. Personal Information is information that can identify you as a specific individual ("Personal Information"). You are responsible for providing accurate and complete information. For example, you might provide us the following information: responses and survey information and/or site registrations, web portal registration information, and payment information. Personal data does not include anonymized aggregate or statistical information from which such identification cannot be reconstituted.
If you create an online account, or request one of our other services, we may collect the following Personal Information: full name, home address, email address, telephone number, your answers to other similar background information questions, payment information, and how you specifically use this Website. Please see below for a more detailed description of the types and circumstances under which we collect Personal Information.
Logins and Cookies
ILA websites use "persistent" cookies to manage access to members-only content and online journal subscriptions. Once a visitor has logged in to the website to view subscriber-only journals or purchased book content, a browser cookie is set to manage access to all material the visitor is entitled to view. To ensure that the visitor can travel back and forth from our site to other linked sites, the cookie remains for 24 to 48 hours. During this period, the subscriber need log in only once.
On the Website, a cookie is set on login for the duration of a single user session. This allows membership status and address information to be retrieved from our database and manages the shopping transaction through to completion. Our online system does not store credit card or financial data in any way.
Our site does track usage, primarily to help us determine which areas and features are most popular among visitors; this helps us to tailor our content to best serve our audience. We do not attempt to link personal profiles to this usage data—that is, although we obtain general information about such things as geographic locations of our users, we do not monitor activity of individual users.
Membership Forms (All Member Types)
The information provided through these forms is used for the purpose of setting up and servicing memberships in ILA, and for the dissemination of membership benefits and ILA information related to products, programs, and services. In addition to Literacy Today magazine and journals requested by members in completing the membership form, members can expect to receive information about our annual conference and other activities and services at the postal mailing or email address they provide, unless members opt out as provided below. Telephone numbers are only used as necessary to contact members for further information in the process of completing transactions or for providing information on ILA programs, services, and products. Should you wish to have your name excluded from any postal or emailings or phone transactions related to ILA programs, products, and services, please contact customer service or write to ILA, PO Box 8139, Newark, DE 19714-8139, USA.
On occasion, ILA rents its mail and email lists to third parties, who use these lists to inform our members of products and services that may be of interest. Only postal and email addresses are rented; telephone numbers are never provided or rented to third parties. ILA carefully reviews all requests for mail and email list rentals from third parties to ensure that the products being promoted are relevant to reading professionals. Members can at any time request that their names be removed from mail and/or email list rentals by contacting customer service or writing to ILA, PO Box 8139, Newark, DE 19714-8139, USA or calling 800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada), 302.731.1600 (all other countries). Written requests should include the requestor's name, membership number, complete postal address, and email address.
Meeting Registration
Information requested on meeting registration forms is used for the purpose of processing that registration, by ILA directly or by service providers contracted by ILA for the explicit purpose of facilitating meeting registration.
On occasion, ILA rents its meeting registration lists to third parties, who use these lists to inform attendees of special meeting functions, social events associated with the meeting, or other offers and invitations. Only postal and email addresses are rented; telephone numbers are never provided or rented to third parties. ILA carefully reviews all requests for mail and email list rentals from third parties to ensure that the products and events being promoted are relevant to meeting attendees. Registrants can at any time request that their names be removed from mail and/or email list rentals by contacting customer service or writing to ILA, PO Box 8139, Newark, DE 19714-8139, USA or calling 800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada), 302.731.1600 (all other countries). Written requests should include the requestor's name, membership number (if applicable), complete postal address, and email address.
Website Purchases
Information requested from those purchasing materials on the Website is used for the purpose of processing purchases. In addition, this information may be used on future occasions to contact purchasers regarding additional ILA products and services of potential interest. If you prefer not to receive such information, please contact customer service to let us know your preferences.
Fill-In Forms
Our website offers many online forms for those who wish to communicate with ILA for various purposes. Completion of the forms is optional.
Children
This Website is not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information online from children under the age of 13. If a child provides us with this type of information online, please contact us to have the account deactivated by emailing customer service or by calling us at 800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada), 302.731.1600 (all other countries).
Third-Party Advertisers
In addition, we may use third-party advertisers to serve or track advertisements on other websites. Please note that these third parties also may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to, among other things, enable such third parties to record which ads your browser has loaded and which site pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered or accessed. Use of such third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those third parties. ILA does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Website may contain links to other third party websites. ILA does not control the privacy policies or practices of these third-party sites. You should review those policies before providing any information. ILA is not responsible for the content or practices of any linked third-party sites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. Specifically, if you use a credit card to pay for any products or services, ILA is not responsible for any information you provide regarding the credit card on this Website or by linking through to a credit card processor's website.
Security
ILA has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your Personal Information, but cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy & Security Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or relevant Web policies).
If you register for a Web account, you will be asked to select a password to help protect your information. These passwords help us verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any of your Personal Information. You should never disclose your password to anyone. ILA will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.
Credit Card Security
Credit card transactions through the shopping cart feature of the Website are secure; this includes all book and merchandise purchases, membership/subscription purchases, membership/subscription renewals, meeting registrations, and donations. Customer-entered credit card numbers are encrypted before transmission to a credit card authorization service; if the dollar amount of the purchase is authorized, the order is processed through our e-commerce software and automatically entered into our member/customer database for processing and fulfillment. Credit card numbers submitted online are not included in any emails related to customer purchases.
Access.literacyworldwide.org is secured via an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Certificate. This certificate allows ILA to conduct secure e-commerce business and build customer confidence by securing all online transactions with up to 256-bit encryption. GoDaddy.com has verified that ILA controls the domain access.literacyworldwide.org.
Despite the high level of security available at this site, some users may still be uncomfortable about online financial transactions. For these users, we provide downloadable, printable forms for mailing or faxing. Users may also call 800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada), 302.731.1600 (all other countries) to order our products by phone, using a credit card.
Do Not Track
This Website currently does not have a mechanism to recognize the various web browser Do Not Track signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org.
Changes
ILA reserves the right to change this Privacy & Security Policy to respond to new laws, regulations, technology, or for other business reasons. Please check this Website from time to time to review any such changes.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
You agree that any claim, action or proceeding arising out of this Privacy & Security Policy, or your use of this Website, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Any claim, action or proceeding related to this Privacy & Security Policy will be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website or security policies, you may contact us by email at: customer service or write to us at: International Literacy Association, P.O. Box 8139, Newark, DE 19714-8139, United States of America.
Special Notice to California Residents
Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared Personal Information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of Personal Information shared. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please send an email to customer service and include the phrase "California Privacy Request" in the subject line, and provide us with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request.
This Privacy & Security Policy is effective as of October 15, 2018.
Sign up to our email list for updates, savings, and more!
*
*
*
*Required
Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Please look for a confirmation email from us.
Something went wrong. Contact ILA Customer Service.
PO Box 8139
Newark, DE 19714-8139
800.336.7323 (U.S. and Canada)
302.731.1600 (all other countries)
Contact Us
For Network Leaders
For Advertisers
Help
Privacy & Security
Terms of Use
Sitemap
© 1996-2020 International Literacy Association