https://www.tourismcollege.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Blog
Request Information
Toggle navigation
Programs
Programs
Online Instruction
Travel & Tourism Programs
Hospitality Programs
Flight Attendant Program
Online Certificate Programs
Meet Our Alumni
Testimonials
Our Instructors
Admissions
Admissions
Admission Requirements
How to Apply
Apply Online
Program Fees & Finances
Frequently Asked Questions
Student Housing
Scholarships for High School Students
Designations & Associations
International
Covid-19 Info for International Students
International Students
Pathways & Partners
Student Housing
Students & Alumni
Covid-19 News Updates
COVID-19 Health & Safety Portal
Student Loan Information
Students & Alumni
My CTC
Career Assistance
Referral Program
Graduation
Graduate Survey
Contact Us
Campus Virtual Tour
Campus Locations
Request Information
Careers with CTC
Media
Blog
Privacy Policy
Info Session
Canadian Tourism College (Asia Pacific Education)
We value your trust, and make it a high priority to ensure the security of your personal information you provide the Canadian Tourism College.
Personal Information
“Personal information” is information that allows us to identify you. The types of Personal Information that we may collect from you includes your name, e-mail, address, phone number and Country. When submitting the request for information forms on the Canadian Tourism College website we are committed to storing your personal data in a safe and secure way. We promise to only use your data to send you information on our programs. You may cancel consent at any time. We will never sell your personal data to any third party.
The Canadian Tourism College (CTC) is committed to protecting your privacy. CTC collects, uses and discloses your personal information in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA) and other applicable legislation.
Domestic & International Students
In accordance with Part 4(10)(1)(a) of the Personal Information Protection Act, we hereby notify you that your name and personal identification information, the name of your program of study, and the amount of the tuition paid will be forwarded to the Private Training Institutions Branch for the purpose of administering the Student Training Completion Fund. This information is collected by the PTIB under section 26 of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. For more information about the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, visit the Agency’s website at www.privatetraininginstitutions.gov.bc.ca.
How will Canadian Tourism College use the information it collects about me?
Canadian Tourism College will use your personal data for the following purposes only, to:
Manage competitions and select winners for scholarships/bursaries that you enter in to.
Respond to feedback, queries and complaints that you submit through our contact forms, emails, or phone calls.
Send you marketing communications about Canadian Tourism College programs, open houses or events held at the Canadian Tourism College. We will only do this where you give us your clear consent to do so.
Be contacted directly by an advisor when requesting more information on our programs. We will only do this where you give us your clear consent to do so.
The lawful justification for sending marketing communications about Canadian Tourism College products and services to you is that you have given clear consent for your personal data to be used for this specific purpose. You are always in control of your data and can opt in or out of receiving marketing communications during the registration process for Canadian Tourism College Email Newsletter. Unsubscribe from Canadian Tourism College marketing communications by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ on the footer of the email.
Cookies, Analytics, and Tracking
When you are on our website, some information such as Internet protocol (IP) address, device or browser information is automatically collected about your usage and activity to address technical support issues and understand how you use the site. Canadian Tourism College may use certain tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or third-party analytics tools to obtain such information. Some third parties help us and others associate your activities across the browsers and devices you use, or that your household uses, for retargeting, cross-device advertising, analytics, and measurement purposes. The third-party analytics and advertising providers we use include: Google Analytics, CampusLogin,  DocuSign,  JotForm.
Managing cookies – If you’d prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies and our third party advertisers, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Freedom of Information
The College will maintain Personal Information records under its jurisdiction.
Information of a public and routine nature and personal information about the person requesting it will be released informally. Mandatory and discretionary exceptions are clearly outlined in the Act.
Individuals may make a formal application in writing for information not released informally as a matter of course.
When a formal request is received anywhere in the College, the College has 30 business days to respond. The College will follow the instructions within the Act to meet the requirements of the formal request. This may entail the request or transference of information to another public institution, the request for fees to be paid before a search is undertaken or contact with the requester to clarify the request.
The Act specifies that the College has an obligation to assist the individual access information.
The College owners may authorize any person to perform the duties or functions of the head for the purposes of the Act.
Protection of Privacy
The College will collect only that personal information for which it has a legal authority to do so. Information not expressly required for the operations of the department must not be collected. If information is collected from anyone other than the individual, the individual must be informed. The individual must give express consent if the information is to be used for purposes other than for what it was collected.
Forms, paper or electronic, used to collect information should include a notice of legal authority, purpose/use of the information and a contact officer for further information.
Information collected about an individual must be held for one year.
The College must correct your personal information if you request it. Or, can make a note beside your personal information showing the correction you requested.
The College will make reasonable security arrangements to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Third party information, either personal or economic, will be reviewed under Section 22 of the Act to determine whether such information may be released or would be an unreasonable invasion of the third party’s personal privacy.
Share:
Share on Facebook
Tweet
Pin It
Submit to Reddit
Share on LinkedIn
Send Email