http://www.cambridgeed.com/privacy-policy
Cambridge Educational Services > Privacy Policy
View Cart  |  Partner Log-In
Home
About Us
Store
E-Newsletter
Contact Us
Districts
High Schools
Middle Schools
Elementary Schools
Private Schools
Home Schools
Continuing Education
TS
GEAR UP
McNair Scholars
SSS
Upward Bound
Tutoring
Sign Up
Program Info
Video
Parents & Students
First Steps
Learning Centers
Military
PTA
Prisons
Parks & Recreation
Post-Secondary Tutors
Publishers
Boost Scores in 3 Hours
Premiere Partners
Professional Development
Assessments
Motivational Workshops
Supplemental Curriculum
High School Equivalency
Online Courses
Workforce Training
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This web site is the property of:
Cambridge Educational ServicesChicago O'Hare Atrium2860 S River RdDes Plaines, IL 60018(847) 299-2930
webmaster@cambridgeed.com
We collect the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, and payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
If you supply us with your e-mail or postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, or e-mailing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name, e-mail and postal addresses.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line, information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to be called, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, or e-mailing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and phone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , and a description of any additional information that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, or by calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, and customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
With respect to ad servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. With the exception of visitor domain name and statistics on which pages consumers access or visit, no information is shared with ad server companies.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post a new privacy policy statement to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our privacy policy statement periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Success Stories
“Ever since I attended the LERN conference in Washington, DC several years ago and participated in Cambridge's SAT® prep workshop, I was impressed with this company! Their materials, curriculum, interest in their clients and their programs, and the personal service make them an outstanding provider of test prep materials.”- Jackie Addis, Director
read more success stories...
News
Resources
Careers
Cambridge
Improve-mints
© Cambridge Educational Services 2020
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Site By: PUREi
Connect with Cambridge Educational Services on
Cambridge Educational Services, Inc. offers and scores tests from ACT, Inc., The College Board, and other testing companies. These are retired tests, intended for practice purposes only and not for official administration, and are based on high school curriculum as of the copyright dates of the tests. Cambridges products and services, including its score reports, are not approved or endorsed by ACT, Inc., The College Board, or the other companies that develop the tests, and Cambridge has no affiliation with any of those entities.