http://www.gra.org/page/1021/privacy.html
MENU
Who We Are
Eminent Scholars
GRA Distinguished Investigators
Portfolio Companies
Trustees
Staff
Senior Advisors
GRA Supporters
How We Work
Research Talent
Greater Yield Initiative
Venture Development
GRA Venture Fund
Sharing Core Facilities
Newsroom
Blog
GRA Notes Newsletter
Publications
Right Now in Georgia
Stories
Featured Breakthroughs
DONATE
Your privacy is important to us
By accessing or using this Web site (www.gra.org), you agree to the Privacy Policy presented here. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. The Georgia Research Alliance reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use.
Personal information collection. This Web site collects personal information voluntarily submitted by the site visitor for the sole purpose of follow-up communication. When you engage in certain activities on this Web site, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, telephone number and other identifying information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is mandatory and some is voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data, or provide erroneous or incomplete data, with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you submit personal information to this Web site, you acknowledge that in certain states or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of GRA.
Your choices with respect to personal information. GRA recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Web site. If you do not want the information you provide to us to be used for any reason other than the stated purpose and you indicate this preference when you provide your personal information to us, GRA will honor your preference. We reserve the right to provide aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis. Such data will not be linked to any particular individuals.
Use of Cookies. When you visit this Web site you can surf the site anonymously and access some information without revealing your identity. Please be advised that we may use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server intended to be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording information you provide. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. There may be instances when accepting cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept those cookies may not be able to participate in the related action.
Other Web sites. GRA is not responsible for the Privacy Policy, and makes no representations whatsoever about other Web sites to which we may link, including but not limited to Web sites that may contain a link to, or information about GRA.
Other information. Our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, the browser type and browser version you are using. Forms you submit to us may also automatically log this information as well as the date and time the form was submitted. Under no circumstances does this information identify you personally. You remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided this Web site with personal information.
Please direct your questions and comments regarding this Privacy Policy to:
Email: Amanda Schroeder
Phone: 404-332-9770
Mail: Amanda Schroeder, Georgia Research Aliance • 191 Peachtree Street, Suite 849 • Atlanta, Georgia 30303
191 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 849 | Atlanta, Georgia 30303 | 404.332.9770
Directions |
Privacy |
Email Us
Copyright © 2020 Georgia Research Alliance | All Rights Reserved