http://www.real-english.com/re_privacypolicy.htm
Home
Lessons
iTunes
Play Store
Blog
Contact
Real English® PRIVACY POLICY (real-english.com) - Real English®, 19 Corniche de Baoutailla, 13500, Martigues, France
Real English is a Registered Trademark of The Marzio School in Europe, the UK and the European Union with an international trademark registration currently pending. All Rights Reserved.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
1.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
If and onl y if you choose to sign up on our site (which is 100% free), you are asked to enter your name, and email address, and to provide a comment.
We do NOT spam anyone after receiving your email address. We send one, and only one email to you after receiving your email address to welcome you to the site and to let you know that you can contact us again if you desire further information concerning how best to learn English with our videos with their quizzes and exercises. You might also want to contact us for purely technical reasons.
2. When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you choose to fill out the form to subscribe. This is optional. The site works well for everyone whether you sign up or not. This is clearly stated on the home page.
3. How do we use your information?
We use your information to send you a single, personal, email. If you want help from us to use our site, you must write us again and ask for help or make a comment. We are not a “normal” site. We do not engage in any of the annoying practices found on most sites these days. No popups. No annoying distractions of any kind. The site is very static. We are very old school. All of the innovation and interactivity is found in the videos with their exercises for students.
4. How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular malware scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate because we only provide videos with quizzes for language education.
5. Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies only because we use the following tools and social media accounts:
Google Analytics,
Google AdSense,
Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ with their “like” buttons.
Cookies are designed to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. However, real-english.com does not do any of the tasks which I just described in the first two sentences of this paragraph in an active or conscious manner. This site has existed for a very long time and is maintained by Michael F Marzio (myself) only. I have been retired for many years and am not interested in taking advantage of cookies.
I will sell this site in the near future, and then there will certainly be a new privacy policy reflecting the new owner’s policies.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements. We make a small of money thanks to Google AdSense advertisements on this site.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a bit different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, the heart of the site, i.e., the videos with their exercises, will continue to work normally. It won't affect the user's experience.
6. Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
7. Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
8. Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. //support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented remarketing with Google AdSense
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
9. Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
10. How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
11.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
Note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
12. COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
13. Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email w ithin 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
14. CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send you a single, personal email as described above.
We have never sent and will never send unsollicted email (spam).
15. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
real-english.com
19, Corniche de Baoutailla, Carro
Martigues,13500, France
Tel: +33 6 74 80 40 30
mmmarzio@gmail.com
YouTube
Email
COOKIES
| Home | Lessons
| Contact | Privacy
| Testimonials | All
Videos | Links
| Support |
About | THE MARZIO SCHOOL
Copyright © 1992 to
2020 Real English® is a Registered Trademark of The Marzio School. All Rights Reserved.
Video and Lesson content by Michael Marzio
and The Marzio School Team. Site redesigned and redeveloped by Slavik Gost.