http://www.dmm.org.uk/misc/privacy.htm
Tweet
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this
policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a)
information about your computer and about your visits to and
use of this website (including your IP address, browser type, referral
source, number of page views);
(b)
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing
to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
(c)
any other information that you choose to send to us.
Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser,
and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time
the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify
and track the web browser.
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies
on the website.
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate
the website.
We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you
when you visit.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach
a specified expiry date.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you
to reject just third party cookies.
For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all
cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy",
and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.
Blocking all
cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes
specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a)
administer the website;
(b)
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c)
enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d)
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(e)
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we
will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you
grant to us.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information
to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our officers, agents,
suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set
out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
(a)
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud
prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to
third parties.
Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent
the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and
we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version
on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with
any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we
hold about you.
Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of
a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible
for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about
you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment
of your personal data, please write to us by email to the address shown in the
menu on the left of this page or by post to the address on our
contact page.
This privacy policy is courtesy of
Employment Law Contracts
and Website Law
Mail:
Webmaster
Back
Home
Contains public sector information licensed under the
Open Government Licence v3.0.
Copyright © 1999-2020
by The Durham Mining Museum and its contributors
Registered Charity No: 1110608
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Search
Print