http://www.donau-uni.ac.at/en/university/privacy-policy.html
Skip to search
Skip to main content
Skip to top navigation
Skip to main navigation
Information for ...
Prospective students
Students
Researchers
Press & Media
Alumni
Visitors
Employees
Deutsch
To glossaryGlossary
To favoritesFavorites
Back
Studies
Find your Course
Fields of Study
Building & Environment
Education
Health & Medicine
Arts & Culture
Media & Communication
Migration & International Affairs
Psychotherapy & Social Services
Law & Administration
Economics & Business Management
Graduation
PhD
Master
Expert Program
Certified Program
Seminar / Module
About Studying
Course Catalogue
Course Overview
Studying parallel to employment
Accessible studying
Admission to studies
Study Grants
Studying in Krems
Information material
FAQ
Programs of Study 2020/2021
Download now or order free of charge!
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education
Research
Core Facility
New spectrum of methods opened by special devices
Research Fields
Cohesive and Innovative Societies
Cultural Heritage
Regenerative Medicine
Continuing Education Research
News & Projects
Highlights
Research Database
Intellectual Capital Report & Research Report
Further Information
Research Service
PhD Programs
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education
News
News & Events
News
Social Media-Wall
Events
Press and Media
Media Relations
Press Releases
Media Reports
Press Photos and Downloads
Contact
Upgrade
About the magazine
Current Issue
Overview of all Issues
Order Issues
upgrade 3./4.20 - Reflection & Perspective
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education
University
At a glance
About
Mission Statement & Strategy
Facts & Figures
DUK-Law & Reports
History
Quality Management
People & Structure
Organization
Rectorate
Boards
University Administration
Staff
Jobs
Faculties
Overview
Health and Medicine
Business and Globalization
Education, Arts and Architecture
Campus Krems
About Campus Krems
Map and Directions
International
Library
Campus Sports
Campus Culture
More Services
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education.
Search for keywords
To search page
To favorites
Open/close menu
Studies
Research
News
University
To glossaryGlossary
Deutsch
Information for ...
Prospective students
Students
Researchers
Press & Media
Alumni
Visitors
Employees
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education.
University
Privacy Policy
University / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Data Protection Official
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on whatsapp
Share on xing
Send page via e-mail
Print page
Add to favorites
Send page via e-mail
Open subnavigationPrivacy Policy
Close subnavigation
Studies
Research
News
University
About
Organization
Faculties
About Campus Krems
Services and facilities for students & staff
Uni-Shop
Disclosure & Imprint
Privacy Policy
We take the protection of your personal data and your privacy seriously. We therefore only process your data in the framework of the legal regulations: European Parliament Directive (EU) 2016/679 data protection regulations† (GDPR, General Data Protection Regulation), Austrian Data Protection Act† (DSG) and Telecommunications Act (TKG) and document this with the privacy tool Niobase by Akarion GmbH.
Here, we would like to inform you about the following processing activities:
The processing of personal data when visiting our website (cookies, google, analytics, fonts, maps, social media links, online forms, newsletter and info mails)
The processing of personal data when attending our events (seminars, workshops, conferences, etc.)
The processing of personal data of applicants and students
The processing of personal data of graduates and alumni
The processing of personal data of job applicants
Controller
Pursuant Art 4 Z 7 GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is the University for Continuing Education Krems (in the following ÑDanube University Krems, "we" or "usì)
Dr.-Karl-Dorrek-Straﬂe 30
3500 Krems an der Donau
If you have any questions regarding how we process your data, please donít hesitate to contact us:
+43† 2732 8930
datenschutz@donau-uni.ac.at
Data Protection Officer: MMag.a Katharina Ranjan
Processing personal data when visiting our website - Processing the access data cookies
Server logs
When visiting our website we store the ip address of the site visitor along with data on the time and history of page requests, the amount of date transferred, whether the retrieval was successful, the identification of the browser data and operating system used, as well as the website from which it was accessed (in case it was accessed via a link) for a period of four months.
The use of technical cookies
We use so-called cookies on various pages to make our website more attractive and to enable specific functions. Cookies are small files stored on your end device. They allow us to recognize your browser when you visit us again.
The following cookies are referred to:
Name
Description
Storage time
CookieMessageAccepted
used cookies accepted
1 year
Favorites
mark favorites sites
10 years
Information Material
mark order of information material
10 years (will be deleted at order of information material)
info.magnolia.ecommerce.cart
ID of the uni shop basket
68 years †(2.147.483.647 seconds)
You can set your browser to inform you when cookies are used, and then decide whether you accept certain cookies, or deactivate them entirely. However, if you deactivate technical†cookies you may not be able to use all the functions on our website.
Legal Basis
We use server logs and technical cookies in our legitimate interest (Online Services, Data Security)† in accordance with Art 6 par 1 f GDPR.
Google Analytics
Our website uses functions provided by the web analysis service Google Analytics. Cookies are used for the purpose of analyzing how users use our website. The information generated in this manner is transmitted to and stored on the providerís server.
You can prevent this by setting your browser to prevent cookies being saved.
We have signed a pertinent data processing contractor agreement with the provider.
Your IP address is stored, but immediately pseudonymized. This only allows approximate localization.
The relationship with the web analysis provider is based on the ÑPrivacy Shieldì agreement signed by Google.
Legal Basis
Using Google Analytics is based on legal legitimate interests (Art 6 par 1 lit f GDPR), which comprise website evaluation and website activities.
Who receives the data
The data is transmitted to Google for the purpose described above.
How long it is stored
Personal data (data at user and event level) is stored for a period of 26 months and then deleted.
Google Fonts and Maps
We use Google Fonts, which are integrated into Google's servers and/or, if applicable, a temporary storage in your browser cache. Furthermore, our website has integrated google maps to display the Campus Map of our locations in Krems, Memmingen and Wiener Neustadt to plan routes and/or locate our university staff; you can load the maps by clicking on the location information of our respective staff member.
Legal basis
The use of Google Fonts and Maps is based on our legitimate interest in the user-friendly design of our website pursuant to Art 6 par 1 lit f GDPR.
Information concerning the processing of the data through Google services which are integrated free of charge in our website are listed in the linked terms of Google Maps or the following data protection notice:
Google Privacy Policy
Social Media Links
The website is linked with social media networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube, Xing.
You can find out more about the scope and purpose of data collection and processing, how the data is used by the operator, your rights and how to activate the relevant settings to protect your privacy here:
Facebook Data Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Youtube Terms of Service
Xing Privacy
Instagram Privacy Policy
Links
The website contains links to other websites. These links to the websites of other internet participants are offered as a service for users wishing for further information. Danube University Krems has no influence over the content of the linked pages. Danube University Krems cannot accept liability for this content in any way. The providers of the linked websites are solely responsible for the content and accuracy of the information provided.
Any Youtube videos embedded on our website are activated in the extended data protection mode offered by Youtube, so that no cookies are set to record user behavior.
Contact with interested persons and online forms
Purpose of processing
If you contact us personally, via email, phone, and online form on the website, or any other form (handing over a business card), request information material, share our website via clicking the button and the form "Send page by e-mail" or send your favorite lists via the form "Send your favorites", the data you provide will be processed for the purpose of processing your enquiry and for follow-up questions.
Legal basis
The processing of your personal data within the scope of the online forms is based on your consent in accordance with Art 6 par 1 lit a GDPR or, with regard to the recipient contact data provided by you, on our legitimate interest and our legal duty in accordance with Art 6 par 1 lit e resp. f GDPR to inform the public about the fulfilment of the tasks of the university.
Storage of data
1 month for the forms "Send page by mail", "Send your favorites", otherwise
maximum 7 years.
Revoke your consent
You can revoke your consent at any time by sending an email to datenschutz@donau-uni.ac.at . By revoking your consent, legitimacy based on your permission until you revoked it will not be affected.
Newsletter and Info-Mail (Ñe-Postì)
Purpose of processing
The personal data you provide when you register for newsletters (www.donau-uni.ac.at/newsletter) and/or info-mail (Ñe-postì www.donau-uni.ac.at/e-post.html) is processed for the purpose of sending you emails with information, e.g. about your studies, lectures, research and events and to evaluate the click rates provided by the email recipient.
Legal basis
We process your personal data only with your express permission (Art 6 par 1 lit a GDPR) and ß 107 TKG.
Storage period
We only store your data for the purpose described above until you revoke your permission to sending newsletters and info-mails (Ñe-postî).
Cancelling your permission
1. You can unsubscribe at any time on the respective newsletterís unsubscribe page on the website of Danube University Krems. You will find a list of all newsletters at www.donau-uni.ac.at/en/news/newsletter/confirm-unsubscription.html. You can also unsubscribe individual newsletters at any time by clicking on the Ñunsubscribe newsletterì button at the end of every newsletter.
2. You can unsubscribe to info-mail (Ñe-postì) at any time on the Ñe-postì at www.donau-uni.ac.at/en/university/e-post/unsubscription.html.
By cancelling your permission, legitimacy based on your permission until you revoked it will not be affected.
PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA OBTAINED AT OUR EVENTS (SEMINARS, WORKSHOPS, CONFERENCES, ETC.)
Purposes of processing
The personal data we obtained via telephone, e-mail, in the registration form or via the online registration platform of New Work SE and its technical service provider Xing Events GmbH (www.xing-events.com) in the course of your registration for an event we process exclusively for the preparation, execution and handling of the respective event.
For reasons of education, research and reporting on the event (marketing / documentation), participants may be streamed and/or image/video and/or sound data produced either by the university staff or assigned photographers etc. Irrespective of any participation fees, you shall not be entitled to any financial compensation in respect of any picture/video and/or sound data produced of you within the framework of the event.
Legal basis
The processing of data obtained in the course of registration for an event free of charge†is based on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit a GDPR and for seminars, conferences, etc. subjected to a fee following pre-contractual measures pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit b GDPR. Attendance of an conference etc. subjected to a fee is not possible without the provision of your personal data.
In accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit c or e GDPR, and para 3 University Act, and the University for Continuing Education Krems Act, the processing of data for reasons of education, research and reporting is based on our legal mandate to support national and international cooperation in the field of scientific research, teaching and the arts. Application and implementation of research results and their social integration as well as supporting the development of arts and informing the public about fulfilled university tasks related to our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit f GDPR.
Time of Storage
We will store picture/video and sound data obtained from your registration until fulfilment of the purpose; Xing Events stores the data up to a maximum of 4 years after the event.
Recipient of the data
Your image/video and sound data could be transmitted/published to third parties commissioned by our technical support for digital processing, non-present students and/or registered participants as well as the general public via our digital channels (website, social media pages, Youtube, teaching, communication and administration platforms, e.g. Moodle and the media server: donau-uni.presentations2go.eu) and at times in our print products.
Insofar as the provision of these media involves a transfer to a third country, the transfer bases on an adequacy decision of the EU Commission or on suitable guarantees such as standard data protection clauses concluded between the processor and us, that are available from the data protection officer.
Revocation of your consent and right of objection
You can revoke your registration for the event and thus the processing of your registration data at any time by sending an e-mail to datenschutz@donau-uni.ac.at. The revocation of your consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out until the revocation.
If you do not wish to be photographed or your picture taken in any particular situation, please contact the photographer beforehand or ask for the image to be deleted immediately. In order to avoid any video recording or streaming of your person, you can place yourself outside the recording setting of the streaming/video recording system after consulting the organizers/lecturers on site. Please note, that any verbal request (questions, engagement in discussions, etc.) can at least record or stream you auditory and therefore you might be identified. In this case the legal basis for processing your personal data is our legal mandate (distance learning, public information) which takes precedence over your right to privacy.
Data Security
We always seek to ensure the privacy of your personal data.
Danube University Krems sets appropriate technical and organizational measures in compliance with Art 32 GDPR to safeguard the rights and freedom of natural persons in due consideration of state of the art technology, implementation costs and the means, scope, circumstances and purpose of processing as well as the probability of occurrence and gravity of the risk.
For this reason, measures are in place to protect your data and save it from loss, destruction, access and dissemination by unauthorized third parties:
Securing privacy, integrity, availability and resilience of the systems and services in connection with data processing;
Ensuring that personal data is recovered promptly following a physical or technical incident;
Implementing processes to regularly monitor, assess and evaluate the efficiency of the technical and organizational measure to safeguard secure data processing.
Please note that we cannot accept liability for information disclosed due to errors during data transmission not caused by us or attributable to us and/or unauthorized access by third parties.
Your rights
You have the following rights when using our website:
Right to information (Art 15 GDPR): You have the right to demand that Danube University Krems provides proof that it processes your personal data. Furthermore, you have the right to ask for further information about exactly why your data is processed, personal data categories, who receives your personal data or recipient categories, how long your data is stored, whether you have the right to deletion, correction or to restrict the processing of your data, the right of objection, and all information available concerning the source of your data.
Right to correction (Art 16 GDPR): You have the right to demand that Danube University Krems promptly corrects your personal data. This right includes correcting inaccurate data and completing incomplete personal data.
Right to deletion (Art 17 GDPR): You have the right to demand that Danube University Krems deletes your personal data promptly for reasons defined in Art 17 par 1 lit a to f GDPR (e.g. the purpose for data processing does not exist anymore) and processing your data becomes unnecessary.
Right to restrict processing (Art 18 GDPR):In the cases described in Art 18 GDPR (e.g. inaccuracy of the personal data, unlawful processing, etc.) you have the right to demand that Danube University Krems restricts processing.
Right to data transmissibility (Art 20 GDPR): You have the right to receive the personal data you made available to Danube University Krems in a structured, current format and to demand that Danube University Krems transmits this data to another responsible office (e.g. another law firm).
Right of objection (Art 21 GDPR): You have the right at any time to object to your personal data being processed while using our website.
Cancelling permissions (Art 7 GDPR): You can cancel permissions you gave Danube University Krems at any time.
Right of complaint: Furthermore, you can issue a complaint at any time to the
Austrian Data Protection Authority,
Austrian Data Protection Authority
Barichgasse 40-42
1030 Vienna, Austria
Telephone: +43 1 52152 0
E Mail: dsb@dsb.gv.at
You can address your grievance ñ with the exception of grievances to the Austrian Data Protection Authority ñ to Danube University Krems at the following address: datenschutz@donau-uni.ac.at
Processing of personal data of applicants and students
Privacy Policy Applicants and Students
PDF | 286 KB
Processing personal data of graduates and alumni
Privacy Policy Graduates and Alumni-Club Members
PDF | 100 KB
Processing personal data of job applicants
Privacy Policy Job Applicants
PDF | 127 KB
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on whatsapp
Share on xing
Send page via e-mail
Print page
Add to favorites
Back to top
To Glossary
This website uses cookies to improve your user experience and for analytical purposes for optimizing our systems, as well Google Maps for the use of depicting maps. By clicking on ÑOK" or continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and Google Maps. More information concerning privacy policy and data protection official.
OK
Study & Research
Studies Overview
Studying parallel to employment
Accessible studying
Admission to studies
Academic Service Center Unit
Research Highlights
Research database
Intellectual Capital Report
Research Report
Quicklinks
Moodle (eLearning)
DUKonline
Webmail
Current
News
Press and Media
Upgrade
Social Media Wall
Mitteilungsbl‰tter (in German)
Newsletter (in German)
Jobs
University
About
Faculties
Services
Library
About Campus Krems
Campus Sports
Campus Culture
Alumni Club
FAQ
Danube University Krems
Dr.-Karl-Dorrek-Straﬂe 30
3500 Krems
info@donau-uni.ac.at
+43 2732 893 6000
Infopoint
Employees
Directions
Campus Map
Disclosure and Imprint
Privacy Policy
DUK facebook
DUK linkedin
DUK twitter
DUK instagram
DUK youtube
Danube University Krems. University for Continuing Education