http://www.additudemag.com/download/adhd-homework-help-your-free-guide-to-the-homework-wars/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD Parenting
School & Learning
Free Downloads
Free Resource: Proven Homework Help for Kids with ADHD
Addressing homework problems is critical, since they are major reasons children with ADHD struggle in school. This free download has 27 strategies to help kids with ADHD complete homework.
By ADHD Editorial Board
Share Article Menu
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Print
Email
SMS
Save
Homework Help for Children with ADHD
Addressing homework problems is critical — download this free guide to learn how to do it. Plus, get more school and learning strategies from ADDitude via email.
Email Address
Get This Free Download!
We will not sell or rent your email address to any third party.
Read our privacy policy here.
“I can’t do all these math problems!” “Homework is boring!” “Can’t I just go play outside instead?”
Sound familiar? You’re not alone. Almost every parent of a student with ADHD has been on the front lines of homework battles. And it’s not surprising; executive functioning difficulties, trouble focusing, or comorbid learning disabilities can turn a seemingly simple assignment into torture for any kid with ADHD.
This free guide seeks to lessen that burden — on you and your child. It’s includes expert homework advice for parents of kids with ADHD to:
Shorten homework completion time
Reduce stress at home
Work with your child’s teacher to develop a homework routine
Monitor your child’s progress with a daily or weekly report
And much more!
Homework doesn’t have to be exhaustive to be effective. If teachers seem to be piling it on, have a friendly discussion with them — and in the meantime, the strategies included in this free download can further shorten completion time and reduce stress at home.
Homework Help for Children with ADHD
Addressing homework problems is critical — download this free guide to learn how to do it. Plus, get more school and learning strategies from ADDitude via email.
We will not sell or rent your email address to any third party.
Read our privacy policy here.
Jump to Comments
Share Article Menu
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Print
Email
SMS
Save
More Articles Recommended For You
How to Treat the Symptoms of Dyslexia
21 Sensory Toys and SPD Exercises for Your Sensitive Child
9 Ways I Hacked My ADHD Brain to Cipher School
The Truth About Dyslexia in Children
9 Things I Wish the World Knew About My Students’ ADHD
The Best Way to Explain Learning Disabilities to Your Child
“My ADHD Looks Nothing Like Your ADHD”
Practical Strategies & Tools to Help Kids with Dysgraphia
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Read These Next
Your Child’s ADHD Is an Iceberg
Attention deficit disorder is multi-faceted, far-reaching, and largely hidden. What caregivers and educators...
Your Brain’s GPS Is Glitchy: Why Working Memory Fails and How to Bolster It
Verbal and non-verbal working memory are two of your seven executive functions. They are also the essential...
Dear ADDitude: Will My Dyslexic Child Ever Read for Fun?
"My daughter has been diagnosed with dyslexia. Motivating her to read during the school year is especially...
More Articles Recommended For You
Full Index of ADDitude Webinars / Podcast Episodes & Slides by Date
Teaching Strategies for Students with ADHD: Ideas to Help Every Child Shine
Make Homework More Engaging — And Boost Your Child’s Confidence, Too
Free Download
Free Checklist: Executive Dysfunctions in the Classroom
Get this free download
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions