https://www.vati.bc.ca/policies/
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY STATEMENT
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website. We take great measures to ensure the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information on this site.
DISCLAIMER
CONTENT
We reserve the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by us without separate announcement.
REFERRALS AND LINKS
We are not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from this publication. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore we are not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guest books or mailing lists provided on his page.
LEGAL VALIDITY OF THIS DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither Vancouver Art Therapy Institute, nor any of its partners, employees, agents or representatives will be liable to you, or to any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, special, consequential, indirect or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages which in any way arise, either directly or indirectly, from your use of this website or the content.
VATI REFUND POLICY
1. In compliance with the standards set by the PTIB, and following their established refund policy, this policy must be posted on our website. Outlined below is the VATI refund policy in its entirety. If the institution receives tuition from the student, or a person on behalf of the student, the institution will refund the student, or the person who paid on behalf of the student, the tuition that was paid in relation to the program in which the student is enrolled if:
(a) the institution receives a notice of withdrawal from the student no later than seven days after the effective contract date and before the contract start date;
(b) the student, or the student’s parent or legal guardian, signs the student enrollment contract seven days or less before the contract start date and the institution receives a notice of withdrawal from the student between the date the student, or
the student’s parent or legal guardian, signed the student enrollment contract and the contract start date; or
(c) the student does not attend a work experience component and the institution does not provide all of the hours of instruction of the work experience component within 30 days of the contract end date.
2. The institution will refund the tuition for the program and all related fees paid by the student or a person on behalf of the student enrolled in the program if the student is enrolled in the program without having met the admission requirements and did not misrepresent his or her knowledge or skills when applying for admission.
3. If a student does not attend any of the first 30% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term, the institution may retain up to 50% of the tuition paid under the student enrollment contract unless the
program is provided solely through distance education.
4. Unless the program is provided solely through distance education, if the institution receives a
notice of withdrawal from a student:
(a) more than seven days after the effective contract date and
i. at least 30 days before the contract start date, the institution may retain up to 10% of the tuition due under the student  enrollment contract, to a maximum of $1,000.
ii. less than 30 days before the contract start date, the institution may retain up to 20% of the tuition due under the student
enrolment contract, to a maximum of $1,300.
(b) after the contract start date
i. but before 11% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term have been provided, the institution may retain up to 30% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract.
ii. and after 10% but before 30% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term have been provided, the institution may retain up to 50% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract.
5. Unless the program is provided solely through distance education, if the institution provides a notice of dismissal to a student and the date the institution delivers the notice to the student is:
(a) before 11% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term have been provided, the institution may retain up to 30% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract.
(b) after 10% but before 30% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term have been
provided, the institution may retain up to 50% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract.
6. If the institution provides the program solely through distance education and the institution receives a student’s notice of withdrawal or the institution delivers a notice of dismissal to the student and:
(a) the student has completed and received an evaluation of his or her performance for up to 30% of the hours of instruction to be provided during the contract term, the institution may retain up to 30% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract, or
(b) the student has completed and received an evaluation of his or her performance for more than 30% but less than 50% of the program, the institution may retain up to 50% of the tuition due under the student enrollment contract.
7. The institution will refund fees charged for course materials paid for but not received if the student provides a notice of withdrawal to the institution or the institution provides a notice of dismissal to the student.
8. Refunds required under this policy will be paid to the student, or a person who paid the tuition or fees on behalf of the student, within 30 days:
(a) of the date the institution receives a student’s notice of withdrawal,
(b) of the date the institution provides a notice of dismissal to the student,
(c) of the date that the registrar provides notice to the institution that the institution is not complying with section 1(c) or 2 of this policy, or
(d) after the first 30% of the hours of instruction if section 3 of this policy applies.
9. If an international student delivers a copy of a refusal of a study permit to the institution, sections 1(a), 1(b), 4, 7,
and 8 of this policy apply as if the copy of the refusal were a notice of withdrawal, unless:
(a) the international student requests an additional letter of acceptance for the same program that was the subject of the refusal of a study permit, or
(b) the program is provided solely through distance education.
SOCIAL MEDIA
FollowFollow
CONTACT
1575 Johnston Street (Granville Island)Vancouver, British ColumbiaCanada V6H 3R9Phone: 604-681-8284Fax: 604-331-8262Email: info@vati.bc.ca
LOG-IN
STUDENT LOG-IN
MORE INFO
DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyRefund Policy