http://www.cssd.ac.uk/content/cookies-privacy
HomeAbout CentralLegal & PoliciesData Protection & PrivacyCookies & Privacy
Cookies & Privacy
In this section:
Terms and Conditions of UseWebsite Privacy NoticeData Protection & Privacy
Here at The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama we want you to reassure you that your privacy is respected and safe in our hands. We only ever collect information from you that helps us to help you get the most out of your visit to our site.
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Remembering your search settings
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
YouTube - Privacy Policy powers the videos on our site
Google - Privacy Policy
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use:
Advertising Cookies
Cookies are widely used in online advertising. Neither us, advertisers or our advertising partners can gain personally identifiable information from these cookies.
You can learn more about online advertising, and you can opt-out of almost all advertising cookies. It is also worth noting that opting out of advertising cookies will not mean you won't see adverts, just simply that they won't be tailored to you any longer.
We use:
DoubleClick - Privacy Policy owned by Google
Remarketing Cookies
You may notice that sometimes after visiting a site you see increased numbers of adverts from the site you visited. This is because advertisers, including ourselves pay for these adverts. The technology to do this is made possible by cookies and as such we may place a so called “remarketing cookie” during your visit. We use these adverts to offer special offers etc to encourage you to come back to our site. Don't worry, we are unable to proactively reach out to you as the whole process is entirely anonymised. You can opt out of these cookies at anytime as explained above.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
Cookies we use
The following table lists the cookies we use on our website (www.cssd.ac.uk).
COOKIE
NAME
PURPOSE
First Party Cookies
CSSD
SESS...
Session ID used to recognise that subsequent page requests originate from the same web browser. Essential for the correct functioning of online surveys and areas of the website protected by a login.
CSSD
has_js
Placed by our website management software Drupal to remember whether your browser has JavaScript enabled
CSSD
Drupal.toolbar.collapsed
Placed by our website management software Drupal to remember display preferences
Google
_ga
Performance based assessment. This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
Google
_gid
Performance based assessment. This cookie name is asssociated with Google Universal Analytics. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
Google
_gat
Performance-related. This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, according to documentation it is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes.
New Relic
NREUM
This cookie is used to track the performance of cssd.ac.uk such as page load time and 404 errors and is set by NewRelic. This is a session cookie and expires when you close the browser. You can learn more about the cookie here.
Third Party Cookies
Adform
cid, uid, CT448411
Adform’s technology allows advertisers to collect and store data about Internet users and use them for analysis and online behavioral advertisements. When you visit a website or mobile application that shares non-personal information about your activity with Adform, we will use that information to help our clients to deliver more relevant advertising to you at the websites and mobile applications you visit, and for other purposes including research and analysis. To decide which ads to display, such as showing similar products to those a visitor has looked at before, Adform uses a cookie mechanism for this purpose, but only on an anonymous basis.
Google Maps
APISID, HSID, NID, PREF, SAPISID, SID, SSID
These cookies are used by Google to store user preferences and information when viewing pages with Google maps on them.
Google Analytics
__UTMZ __UTMC, __UTMB, __UTMA
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site for you. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.  To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Java J2EE
JSESSIONID
JSESSIONID is a cookie generated by Servlet containers like Tomcat or Jetty and used for session management in J2EE web application for HTTP protocol. In Java J2EE application container is responsible for Session management and by default uses cookies.
SiteImprove Analytics
nmstat
This cookie is used to help record the visitor’s use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. This information is then used to improve the user experience on the website. This Siteimprove Analytics cookie contains a randomly generated ID used to recognize the browser when a visitor reads a page. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics. Cookie type: Persistent – expires after 1000 days.
SiteImprove Analytics
siteimproveses
This cookie is used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the site. This information can be used to reduce user journeys, and enable visitors to find relevant information quicker.
SiteImprove Analytics
__cfduid
The "__cfduid" cookie is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information. Find out more about __cfduid cookies.
YouTube
use_hitbox, PREF, GPS, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
We use YouTube to embed a selection of videos on our student profiles and other sections of the website. The embedded videos do not set cookies themselves and can be played with no cookies set. However, if the ‘Share’ button is clicked YouTube will set these two cookies. The VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE cookie attempts to estimate your bandwidth and the use_hitbox cookie increments the ‘views’ counter on the YouTube video. These cookies don’t gather information that identifies a user.
Contact
webmaster@cssd.ac.uk
facebook
twitter
youtube
Instagram
linkedin