http://www.thoughtweb.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Solve real business problems, not just technology concerns.
PRIVACY POLICYAcularo Australia Pty Limited and its related Australian bodies corporate (Acularo) have adopted this Privacy Policy as we recognize the right of people to keep their personal information private within the scope of applicable law. This Privacy Policy covers Acularo’s treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect or hold about individuals. Like many other organizations, Acularo must comply with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) when dealing with personal information. This policy has been adopted for the purpose of compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Australia). It does not create a contract between Acularo and users of this Web site or otherwise bind Acularo except to the extent required to comply with the Privacy Act 1988.
The information we collect
Acularo may collect general information about you, such as your name, address, e-mail and other contact details when you use our website. We may also collect this and other types of personal information, during the course of dealing with you, for example when you wish to obtain products or services from Acularo or return feedback forms.
Where practicable, the purpose for which we collect personal information will be made clear at the time of collection. If you do not provide us with certain information we may be unable to provide you with access to our services.
Users can generally visit the Acularo website without revealing who they are or other personal information. Acularo will not collect any personal information about visitors to the website except when they knowingly provide it. Our website may also provide links or references to non-Acularo websites and resources. Such websites and resources are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policy of each individual non-Acularo website you access via links from our website and assess whether the policy of each non-Acularo website is satisfactory to you before you use that website.
Cookies
The Acularo website uses cookies to track user traffic patterns and to better serve you when you revisit the website. A cookie is a small data file that a website may write to your hard drive when you visit it. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user ID, that the website uses to track the pages you have visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you personally supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, providing you with the opportunity to either accept or reject it. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, full functionality for the Acularo website may require the use of cookies.
How we use your information
Acularo will use the personal information we collect for the purpose disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorized or required by law. Generally, we will only use and disclose your personal information as follows:
to establish and maintain your relationship with Acularo, including in some cases disclosing your name and address (as required by law) and providing you with information necessary to allow you to remain in contact with Acularo;
to provide the products or services you have requested from Acularo;
to answer your inquiry;
to register you for events, promotions or competitions;
to assist us to make Acularo’s services and products more valuable to you;
for direct marketing of products or services of Acularo and other parties and to keep you informed of new developments we believe may be of interest to you. If we contact you in this way without obtaining your prior consent, we will provide you with the opportunity to decline any further marketing communications;
to third parties where we work with those third parties to assist us to operate our business and provide the products or services you have requested, such as manufacturers and suppliers, marketing consultants and promotions companies, businesses operating from our premises, website hosts and IT consultants, and our professional advisers such as management consultants, lawyers and accountants; and
to companies within the Acularo group (whether in Australia or any other country) in connection with the provision of goods or services to you, to enable the development and marketing of other products and services and to improve our customer service in general.
Access to your information
You can request access to the personal information that Acularo holds about you by contacting our Privacy Officer as set out below. We will provide you with access to your personal information unless we are legally authorized to refuse your request. We may charge a reasonable amount for providing access.
If you wish to change personal information that is out of date or inaccurate at any time please contact us. After notice from you, we will take reasonable steps to correct any of your information which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Acularo will not collect any personal information about visitors to the website such as personal profiles or profile pictures. If you wish to have your personal information deleted, please let us know and we will delete that information wherever practicable.
We may refuse your request to access, amend or delete your personal information in certain circumstances. If we do refuse your request, we will provide you with a reason for our decision and, in the case of amendment, we will note with your personal information that you have disputed its accuracy.
Security
Acularo will take reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information which we hold and to keep this information accurate and up to date. Personal information is stored in a secure server or secure files.
The Internet is not a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, Acularo cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to or receive from us over the Internet or for any unauthorized access or use of that information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Acularo may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the amended version on the website at www.acularo.com. We suggest that you visit our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Contacting us
If you would like any further information, or have any queries, problems or complaints relating to our Privacy Policy or our information handling practices in general, please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mailing privacy@acularo.com or writing to Privacy Officer, Acularo Australia Pty Ltd, Level 11, 189 Kent Street, Sydney NSW 2000 Australia.×Cookie notice: Please note that this website uses cookies