https://www.appa.org/terms-of-use/
Our StoryOur Story
APPA History
APPA’s Purpose
This website and its contents are the property of APPA. This web page states the “Terms of Use” for the use of APPA’s websites (appa.org, appa.inloop.com) (referred collectively as the “Website”). By using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. APPA may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. The terms “You” and “User” are used to refer to anyone who is accessing the Website. If you are using the Website on behalf of a company or other legal entity, such entity may have a separate agreement with APPA, but you are nevertheless individually bound by these Terms of Use.
APPA
is a nonprofit corporation incorporated in the Commonwealth of Virginia. APPA
is also tax exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. APPA
undertakes its activities in accordance with its nonprofit and tax-exempt
status and all applicable laws.
IF
YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
Copyright. All materials on this website (including the text, graphics,
images, logos, button icons, and other materials) are owned or licensed by APPA
and are protected under the copyright laws of the United States and under
applicable international treaties and conventions.
Copyright © 2008-2019 APPA. All rights reserved.
Permitted Uses:
Anyone who is doing personal, noncommercial research may view, print materials,
and temporarily store materials from the Website, provided that APPA’s
copyright notices are not removed and that the reuse of material does not
conflict with any of the prohibited uses below. In addition, user may link or
post the link of this Website to any document or location. APPA does not have
any control over link(s) made by other users to any document or location, and
is not responsible for any of the content linking to the Website.
Prohibited Use: Except for the permitted uses above, any reproduction, retransmission, or republication of all or part of any materials on this site is expressly prohibited, except as specifically authorized by APPA in writing. User agrees not to remove or obscure copyright notices appearing on the Website. APPA grants no copyright or ownership interests to User for any of the material and proprietary information referred to herein belonging to APPA.
Requests for permission to use any materials beyond the scope of permitted uses must be submitted to APPA at webmaster@appa.org. Such requests must include a copy of the materials that will be used, and a detailed explanation of where and for what purpose the materials will be used. Contact information, including name, phone number, fax number, and email must also be provided in such requests. APPA reserves the right to deny or restrict any permission for use of any APPA materials if such use is deemed to be inconsistent with the mission and goals of APPA.
Trademarks. The names, trademarks, service marks, and logos of
APPA appearing on this site are owned by APPA (the “marks”) and may not be used
in any advertising, publicity, or otherwise to indicate APPA affiliation,
without APPA’s prior express written permission. Use of the marks in a manner
not consistent with such policies may result in discipline including reprimand,
suspension, or revocation and the loss of the use of such marks. Use of the
marks without authorization also may result in a legal action for trademark
infringement.
Website Security
Interference with Website operation: User agrees to not access or use the Website in any manner that could damage, disable, impair, or cause undue burden on the Website and/or its host, servers, network, systems, or other users. User agrees to not attempt to interfere in any way with the operation of the Website, that User will not transmit any virus or worm to the Website, that User will not use any spider, robot, or any other automated mechanism to access the Website and/or its servers or systems, and that you will not engage in flooding, spamming, mail-bombing, crashing, or otherwise sending unsolicited email to other users of the Website.  User further agrees that User will not attempt to access portions of the Website that is not intended for your use, that User will not attempt to log on to a server or account that User is not authorized to access, and that User will not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network related in any way to the Website without authorization.
Alteration of Website Content:  None of the material contained on the Website may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo-reproduction, recordation, or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written permission of APPA.
Violation of Website security: Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Website.  This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  Please see our Privacy Policy for further details concerning the Website’s privacy practices.
Compliance: User agrees to comply with all applicable
laws, as well as with these Terms of Use.
User agrees not to engage in any unlawful or commercial activity on the
Website.
Registration and Password.  Users are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of their information and password. User is responsible for all
use associated with User’s registration and the
compliance with all Terms of Use. User agrees to immediately notify APPA of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any
other breach of security.
Termination of Account.  APPA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including, but not limited to deletion of User’s postings from the Website and immediate termination of User’s registration with the Website or ability to access the Website and/or any other service provided to User by APPA, upon any breach by User of these Terms of Use or if APPA is unable to verify or authenticate any information User submits to the Website for registration.  APPA shall not be liable to User nor any third party for any termination of User’s account or access to the Website.
Terms of Use for Member Directory
By
using APPA’s Member Directory via the Website, you hereby accept and agree to
be bound by the following terms and conditions:  The Member Directory and
all content are proprietary to APPA.  The content of the Directory may
not, in whole or in part, be reproduced, republished, duplicated, disseminated,
downloaded, entered into a computer database, used as part of or in connection
with the preparation, revision, or confirmation of a commercial mailing,
database, telephone, fax, email, or other marketing list, or otherwise
utilized, in any form or manner or by any means, except for the user’s
individual personal or professional use, or upon prior written permission by APPA
on a limited case-by-case basis.  The presence of information about APPA
members in this Directory represents only that they are members in good
standing of APPA; it does not represent their consent to allow any other
professional, personal, or commercial use of the Directory information by third
parties, or to receive any marketing or related communications, except that inquiries
to obtain professional services from potential customers or the public may be
made directly to the members.
Disclaimer. APPA
makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy or suitability of any
information or materials on this website; all such content is provided on an
“as is” basis. APPA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE CONTENTS OF
THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. APPA
does not guarantee, warrant, or endorse the products or services of any firm,
organization, or person.
APPA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEBSITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF
COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS.
IF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR
SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, APPA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE
COSTS.
Links. Although
APPA may include links providing direct access to other Internet sites, APPA
has not participated in the development of those other sites, and does not
exert any editorial or other control over those other sites. APPA, therefore,
takes no responsibility for the content or information contained on, or
reliability, security, or privacy policies of, those other sites.
No Legal or Professional Advice. The information contained in this website has been prepared or compiled by APPA as a service to its members and is not intended to constitute legal advice or the rendering of legal or consulting services of any kind. Users of this Website should not in any manner rely upon or construe the information or resource materials on this Website as legal or other professional advice and should not act or fail to act based upon the information in this Website without seeking the services of a competent legal or other professional.
Indemnity. User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless APPA,
its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims,
actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal fees,
resulting from your use of the Website or your breach of the Terms of Use,
including, without limitation, your submission of content that violates third
party rights or applicable law.  APPA
shall provide notice to User promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding
and shall assist User, at User’s expense, in defending any such claim, suit or
proceeding.
Foreign Access.  If
User accesses this Website from outside the United States, User does so at
User’s own risk.  User agrees to comply
with all applicable local rules and laws regarding the transmission of
technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you
reside.
Governing Law. These Terms of Use are governed by laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia. Jurisdiction for any claims
arising under these Terms of Use shall lie exclusively with the state or
federal courts within the Commonwealth of Virginia. If any provisions of these
Terms of Use are found to be invalid by any court having competent
jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of
the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full
force and effect.  No waiver of any term
of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such
term or any other term.
Effective Date: May 2019
Stay Connected with Inside APPA and Our Newsfeed
Please enter your email address here to subscribe to APPA emails