http://www.dms.myflorida.com/support/privacy_statement
Skip to Main Content
Notice:
MyFloridaHome
Contact DMS
Site Map
DMS CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SURVEY
Business Operations
Fleet Management and Federal Property Assistance
Private Prison Monitoring
Real Estate Development and Management
State Purchasing
Telecommunications
Workforce Operations
Human Resource Management
People First
Retirement
State Group Insurance
Agency Administration
Agency Human Resources
Agency Purchasing
Communications
Financial Management Services
General Counsel
Information Technology
Inspector General
Legislative Affairs
Office of Supplier Diversity (OSD)
Planning, Budget, and Fiscal Integrity
Statewide Travel Management System
Other Programs
FL [DIGITAL SERVICE]
Cybersecurity Task Force
Florida Commission on Human Relations
Florida Division of Administrative Hearings
Government Efficiency Task Force
Project Management and Oversight
Public Employees Relations Commission
State Data Center
About Us
DMS Leadership
Agency Organization
Open Government
Opportunities at DMS
Careers at DMS
Internships at DMS
Department of Management Services
Florida Department of Management Services
>
Support
>
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us. When you visit any of our sites, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information. In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
Search
Search Current Location Only
Florida Department of Management Services
Business OperationsWorkforce OperationsAgency AdministrationOther ProgramsAbout UsOpportunities at DMSLooking for DMS services?
Are you interested in...Homepage LinksContract SearchFlorida Has a Right to KnowMyBenefitsMyFloridaCapitol
Home
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Statement | Accessibility Statement | Copyright ©2020 Department of Management Services - State of Florida