https://www.potomacstatecollege.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Potomac State College
Apply
Request Info
Visit PSC
WVU Home
| Directory
Search
Would you like to search this site specifically, or all WVU Potomac State College websites?
Search PSC
Search this site only
Toggle Search
Home
About
A Century of Excellence
Accreditation
Administration
By the Numbers
President's Welcome
Directions to WVU Potomac State College
Office of Accessibility Services
Kids Connect
Tobacco & Smoke-Free Campus
Emergency Alert
Inclement Weather
Job Opportunities
Mission, Vision, and Values
Division of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Campus Map
Virtual Tour
Academics
Admissions
Athletics
Life at PSC
Communities
Current Students
Future Students
Parents
Alumni and Friends
Faculty & Staff
Giving
Annual Giving
The Church Society & Planned Giving
Endowments & Scholarships
In Honor / In Memory
News
WVU Potomac State College announces details on shifting classes online Nov. 23-24. The Return to Campus website has updates about WVU's fall plans. Visit coronavirus.wvu.edu and CDC.gov for health resources related to the global pandemic.
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
West Virginia University Potomac State College (“University”), is dedicated to
protecting individual privacy in accordance with our
Information Privacy Policy. The University seeks to limit the collection and distribution of personal data to that which reasonably serves its academic, research, outreach, and administrative functions.
This privacy notice provides you with information on how the University collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through activities such as registering for a newsletter, requesting information or purchasing a product or service.
It is important that you read this notice so that you are aware of how and why the University is using your personal information, which may be used independently or in combination to identify you.
What Data This Website Collects
The University will not obtain your Personal Data when you visit www.potomacstatecollege.edu,
or any site within the potomacstatecollege.edu domain, without your expressed consent.
There may be sites within the potomacstatecollege.edu domain that request Personal
Data via forms. In these instances, the University will specifically request your
consent to collect your data. If you choose not to provide Personal Data, the University
may not be able to process your request.
Using Google Analytics (“GA”), the University does collect limited data from visitors to our website, such as geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system. This data is used to better understand how people find and use our webpages; however, none of this information personally identifies you to the University. GA also records your IP address which could be used to identify you but Google does not grant the University access to this data. GA also makes use of cookies; however, disabling cookies on your browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within a potomacstatecollege.edu website.
Based on your behavior while using this website, CBE may send you targeted messages
and request additional Personal Data from you via an online form. By entering information
into an online form, such as your name, email address, and physical address you
are willingly giving us your Personal Data. If you do not want the University to
collect or store this information, please do not provide your Personal Data via
a form on this website.
How the University Uses Your Personal Information Data
The University will only use your personal data for legitimate business need. Should
you choose to contact us and consent to providing us your data, none of the data
that you supply will be stored by the website. That said, the data that you provide
may be imported into mail services used for marketing purposes. You can request
removal from any mailing list by using the unsubscribe link within all email messages
sent by the University.
We use
CleanSlate CMS to manage our website content. The data for CleanSlate
is stored with Amazon Web Services.
Third Party Processors
We use several third parties to process personal data on our behalf and include
:
Qualtrics
Wufoo
Google
Mailchimp
Amazon Web Services
TargetX
Capture
Third Party Links
The www.potomacstatecollege.edu website may include links to third-party websites,
plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections
may allow third parties outside of the University to collect or share data about
you. The University does not control these websites, plug-ins, and applications
and is not responsible for their privacy policies. When you leave the University’s
website, you are encouraged to read the privacy notice of every website or other
link you visit.
Data Security
The University has put in place
policies
and procedures to deal with suspected data security breaches. The University will
notify you of any suspected data breaches in accordance with the law. Access to
your Personal Data will be limited to those University employees who have a legitimate
business need.
The University will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill
the purposes for which it was collected. After this period, your data will be securely
destroyed in accordance with the University’s
Record Retention Policy and Schedule.
Your Rights
You have a right to access and obtain a copy of your data and request us to change
any incorrect or incomplete data. You can also request the University to delete
or stop processing your data. The University will review all such requests and
will remove identifying personal data that we do not have a legal or institutional
obligation to maintain. Questions, concerns, and requests to delete personal information
can be directed to the University’s Data Protection Officer:
Alex Jalso
Information Security Services
Information Technology Services
One Waterfront Place
Morgantown, WV 26506
infosec@mail.wvu.edu
304-293-4457
Changes to Privacy Statement
This privacy statement be revised to remain in line with changing legislation, technology
or industry standards. The University will not explicitly inform our website users
of these changes. Instead, it is recommended that you check this page for updates.
Changes to the Information Privacy Policy will be noted in the revision history
section of the policy.
Last Updated: August 20, 2020
Mineral County STEM Festival Accepting Proposals, Deadline Feb. 1st