https://www.dit.ie/tools/disclaimer/cookiepolicy/
Study at DIT
Research & Enterprise
Colleges & Schools
About
News & Events
Study at TU Dublin
Research & Enterprise
Colleges & Schools
About
News & Events
Undergraduate
Programmes & Courses
Entry requirements
How to Apply
Fees
& Registration
Submission of Portfolio
International Students
Postgraduate
Why TU Dublin?
Taught Programmes
How to Apply
Fees & Registration
FAQs for Postgraduates
Postgraduate Research
Conversion Programmes
English Language requirements
Qualification Comparison
Part-time
Programmes & CoursesHow to ApplyFeesAbout Part-time studyFAQs for Part-time studentsContact the School
Springboard
About SpringboardProgrammes & CoursesAm I eligible to apply?
Office of Admissions
Undergraduate AdmissionsSchool Liaison OfficerPostgraduate AdmissionsAdmissions TeamInternational AdmissionsUseful Downloads
Oifig na Gaeilge
Research & Enterprise Home
Our Research
Research ThemesResearch Institutes, Centres & GroupsArrow
Research Resources
Support OfficeMeet the TeamIntegrity & EthicsHorizon 2020Early Career Researcher Development
News & Events
NewsEvents CalendarPublicationsResearch News Magazine
Enterprise & Innovation
Enterprise HubCommercialisationStudent Enterprise Competition
Graduate Research School
Graduate Research School InformationCurrent StudentsProspective StudentsSupervisorsPost Doctoral ProgrammeUseful ResourcesNews & Events
College of Arts & Tourism
College of Business
College of Sciences & Health
College of Engineering & Built Environment
About
Equality & Diversity
Profile
Organisation
Campus & Facilities
DIT Foundation
DIT Publication Scheme
News
Events
Publications
Press & Media
Calendar
Tools>Disclaimer>Cookie Policy
Tools
TU Dublin locationsContactsSite mapHelpDisclaimer
Privacy Statement
TU Dublin Internet Publication Policy
Cookie Policy
Opening Hours
Cookie policy
Using Our Website & Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy relates to www.dit.ie
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your computer or mobile device that contains data related to a website you visit. It may allow a website “remember” your actions or preferences over a period of time, or it may contain data related to the function or delivery of the site. Cookies can be set by the owner of the website or in some cases by third-party services the website owner allows to present other information, run content or provide other functionality such as analytics.
Further information on cookies can be found at: http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm
How does TU Dublin use cookies?
TU Dublin uses cookies to help improve your experience on our site and to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors
TU Dublin cookies are used only by TU Dublin related systems
Certain cookies are essential to the proper functioning of TU Dublin systems
We use analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors
Cookies are not used by this website to store any personal information
We use some session cookies to make navigation through the website smoother. These are automatically deleted after you close your web browser
We use persistent cookies when we need to manage return visits. For example, we use this type of cookie to know how many repeat visits the site receives compared with new visits
IP addresses are read by the website to identify users located on the TU Dublin campus in order to offer them internal functionality
Managing Cookies
Within your browser, you can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you, and so we provide links below to popular manufacturers' instructions on how you can do this. Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use ("third party cookies"), or those from specific websites.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera
How do we use cookies on www.dit.ie?
www.dit.ie uses cookies only for functionality that is strictly necessary for services that are explicitly requested by the user for their session as per Regulation 5(5), SI 336 of 2011 (the ePrivacy Regulations). This website uses session cookies. Session cookies are used to deliver the basic functions of a website, i.e. to allow pages to remember technical changes or selections you may make between pages. Session cookies are temporary cookies and are generally erased when you close your browser.
The First-party cookies we use on dit.ie are:
We use a service called Google Analytics to collect data about the number of visits to pages of our site, and the journey of visitors through the site. This helps us to optimise the site design. The Google Analytics cookies used on our site are listed in the table below.
Cookie namePurpose
AWSALB
We use Amazon Web Services to host our system. This cookie allows us to deliver our service seamlessly from multiple services using a load balancer, so the cookie simply recorded which server cluster is serving you.
__utma
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
__utmb
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
__utmc
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
__utmt
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
__utmz
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
_ga
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
_gcl_au
Cookie used for Google Analytics.
lang
We use a session cookie to remember your language preference when viewing the site. This session cookie (called lang) is erased when you close your browser or after 5 minutes of inactivity.
CONSENT
This cookie allows the website to “remember” your actions or preferences regarding the use of cookies on the website.
Cookies and collection and use of technical information
Information on internet traffic is collected routinely by TU Dublin and by its service providers (e.g., HEAnet). This technical information is used to ensure the smooth running of the TU Dublin computer network and for statistical or administrative purposes. It is not used to gather identifiable personal information on individual website visitors, except in so far as this is permitted by law and may be necessary in order to prevent or detect problems or offences in relation to the operation of the website.
This information may be used for the purposes of evaluating your use of the TU Dublin website and to improve our website service to you. It is stored and used in the aggregate only and is not used to obtain personal data or to contact you personally.
Session cookies
Session cookies are stored temporarily during a browsing session and are deleted from the user’s device when the browser is closed.
Persistent cookies
This type of cookie is saved on your computer for a fixed period and is not deleted when the browser is closed.
Persistent cookies
This type of cookie is saved on your computer for a fixed period and is not deleted when the browser is closed.
Third party cookies
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video or an embedded google map. For example, when you visit a page with content embedded from, Google, Twitter, YouTube or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. For example, Facebook sets cookies via our website if you ‘like’ one of the posts on our site and twitter sets cookies via our website if you “tweet” one of the posts on our site.
TU Dublin cookies are used only by TU Dublin related systems.
Certain cookies are essential to the proper functioning of TU Dublin systems.
We use analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors.
Cookies are not used by this website to store any personal information.
We use some session cookies to make navigation through the website smoother.  These are automatically deleted after you close your web browser
We use persistent cookies when we need to manage return visits. For example, we use this type of cookie to know how many repeat visits the site receives compared with new visits.
IP addresses are read by the website to identify users located on the TU Dublin campus in order to offer them internal functionality.
Types of cookies we use
Security: These cookies allow us to secure access to your account, and to allow you to move between TU Dublin systems without additional authentication.
Google Analytics (_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz): These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. More Information
Google's Privacy Policy
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
How to opt-out of Google Analytics
Third party cookies
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video or an embedded google map
For example when you visit a page with content embedded from, Google, Twitter, YouTube  or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browser. For example, Facebook sets cookies via our website if you ‘like’ one of the posts on our site and twitter sets cookies via our website if you “tweet” one of the posts on our site.
Google Custom Search Engine (CSE) functionality has been implemented on the website for the in-page search box. The Google CSE may deliver cookies. The CSE is covered by the Google Privacy Policy. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
We embed videos from YouTube across our site. When you watch these videos on our website, YouTube may store cookies used for a range of purposes. For more information, visit YouTube/Google Privacy information
As these are third party providers, we do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
List of third party cookies on this site, their purpose and name:
DomainPurposeCookie name
addthis.com
Social media sharing buttons.
Xtc, uid, _atuvc, uit, dt, _atrfs, loc, ssh, sshs, ssc
doubleclick.net
Measure the effectivenes of advertising
IDE, test_cookie
facebook.com
Social media sharing buttons.
lu, datr, presence, act, p, sub, c_user, s, xs, csm
google.com
1P_JAR: Google cookie that carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the website.
testcookie: Used to test if the browser suports displaying of the cookie statement at the top of the browser window.
testcookie, 1P_JAR
twitter.com
Display DIT twitter streams & social media sharing.
_twitter_sess, guest_id, k, remember_checked, twid, twll, original_referrer, external_referer
youtube.com
Display of content hosted on youtube.com
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, PREF, YSC,GPS
scorecardresearch.com
Part of the slideshare.net powerpoint presentation display.
UID, UIDR
Sharethis.com
Sharing buttons on website.
__stid, __uset
Donate.dit. mycharity.ie
Embedded Online donations widget via mycharity.
PHPSESSID
Google Search Console
A browser sends this cookie with requests to Google’s sites. The NID cookie contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (e.g. English), how many search results you wish to have shown per page, and whether or not you wish to have Google’s SafeSearch turned on.
PHPSESSID
Web Browsing
By simply visiting our website, you do not disclose, nor do we collect, personal data about you. The information collected about your visit is limited to technical data such as:
the Internet address (or IP address) of the device you used to access this website
whether you reached the site using a search engine or if you clicked a link on another website
the type of web-browser you used
the type of device you used to access the Internet.
We use this data for administrative and statistical purposes as well as to help us improve our website. This technical data does not provide us with the personal data of visitors to our website.
Your Rights
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, you have a right to obtain a copy of the data held about you for a fee.  Also, if incorrect information is held about you, you have a right to request that this information is amended or erased.  Further information on your rights under the Data Protection legislation is available here.
This statement should not be construed as a contractual undertaking.  The University  reserves the right to review and amend this statement at any time without notice and you should therefore re-visit this webpage from time to time.
Any queries or concerns you may have about the processing of personal information on this website should be addressed to:
The Information Governance Officer, City Campus
OT Baile Átha Cliath – Teach na Páirce, Gráinseach Ghormáin, 191 An Cuarbhóthar Thuaidh D07EWV4, Éire
TU Dublin – Park House 191 North Circular Road Grangegorman, D07EWV4, Ireland
Email: foi@dit.ie