http://www.theivycoach.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: May 27, 2020
INTRODUCTION
Ivy Coach, Inc. (“Company” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website (our “Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.Through blog comments and other interactive features.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its rules (collectively, “COPPA”) require us to inform parents and legal guardians (as used in this section, “parents“) about our practices for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information from children under the age of 13 (“children“). It also requires us to obtain verifiable consent from a child’s parent for certain collection, use, and disclosure of the child’s personal information.
This section notifies parents of:
The types of information we may collect from children.How we use the information we collect.Our practices for disclosing that information.Our practices for notifying and obtaining parents’ consent when we collect personal information from children, including how a parent may revoke consent.All operators that collect or maintain information from children through this website.
This section only applies to children under the age of 13 and supplements the other provisions of this privacy policy. Only the other provisions of this privacy policy apply to teens and adults.
Information We Collect from Children
Children can access many parts of the Website and its content and use many of its features without providing us with personal information. However, some features require us to collect certain information, including personal information, from them. In addition, we use certain technologies, such as cookies, to automatically collect information from our users (including children) when they visit or use the Website.
We only collect as much information about a child as is reasonably necessary, and we do not condition his or her participation on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary.
Information We Collect Directly. A child must provide us with the following information to enable us to send an email to the child’s parent getting their consent to collect personal information from the child to schedule a telephone consultation through this website: the child’s first name and last name, the child’s email address, a parent or guardian’s first name and last name and a parent or guardian’s email address.
Automatic Information Collection and Tracking. We use technology to automatically collect information from our users, including children, when they access and navigate through the Website and use certain of its features. The information we collect through these technologies may include:
One or more persistent identifiers that can be used to recognize a user over time and across different websites and online services.Information that identifies a device’s location (geolocation information).
We may combine non-personal information we collect through these technologies with personal information about you or your child that we collect online.
For information about our automatic information collection practices, including how you can opt out of certain information collection, see the “INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT” and “CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION” sections of our general Privacy Policy below.
How We Use Your Child’s Information
We use the personal information we collect from your child to:
get parental consent for the collection of personal information from your childrespond to your child’s request for a telephone consultation
We use the information we collect automatically through technology (see Automatic Information Collection and Tracking) and other non-personal information we collect to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Speed up your searches.
Our Practices for Disclosing Children’s Information
We do not share, sell, rent, or transfer children’s personal information other than as described in this section.
We may disclose aggregated information about many of our users and information that does not identify any individual or device. In addition, we may disclose children’s personal information:
To third parties we use to support the internal operations of our Website and who are bound by contractual or other obligations to use the information only for such purpose and to keep the information confidential.If we are required to do so by law or legal process, such as to comply with any court order or subpoena or to respond to any government or regulatory request.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ivy Coach, Inc., our customers or others, including to:
protect the safety of a child;protect the safety and security of the Website; orenable us to take precautions against liability.To law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety.
In addition, if Ivy Coach, Inc. is involved in a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Ivy Coach, Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding or event, we may transfer the personal information we have collected or maintain to the buyer or other successor.
Accessing and Correcting Your Child’s Personal Information
At any time, you may review the child’s personal information maintained by us, require us to correct or delete the personal information, and/or refuse to permit us from further collecting or using the child’s information.
You can review, change, or delete your child’s personal information by:
Sending us an email at legal@ivycoach.com. To protect your privacy and security, we may require you to take certain steps or provide additional information to verify your identity before we provide any information or make corrections.
Operators That Collect or Maintain Information from Children
The following are all operators that may collect or maintain personal information from children through the Website:
Google Analytics
Google LLC1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, CA 94043
Please direct your inquiries about any operator’s privacy practices and use of children’s information to the operator at its contact information provided.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information“);That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as gender, current year in school, graduation year; and/orAbout your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of posting comments material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted“) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions“). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website. Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information.  It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.Web Beacons. Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To provide you with newsletters that you sign up for.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.To remarket our services by sending you an email.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Ivy Coach Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Ivy Coach Inc. about our Website users is among the assets transferred.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ivy Coach, Inc., our customers, or others.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI“) on the NAI’s website.
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: legal@ivycoach.com. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may change your personal information by sending us an email at legal@ivycoach.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. For example: Information provided is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: legal@ivycoach.com.
Admissions Counseling
College Admissions Counseling
Graduate School Admissions Consulting
Corporate Benefits
Pro Bono
Speaking Engagements
Ivy Coach Has Been Featured In
Newsletter Signup
Email Address*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Website Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
© 1998-2020 Ivy Coach ®, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Ivy Coach has no association with the Ivy League or any of its affiliates.
515 East 72nd Street, New York, NY 10021
ashley@ivycoach.com
(212) 600-0312