http://www.corning-cc.edu/about/privacy.php
Home
About
Privacy
NAVIGATE THIS SECTION
AboutWhy SUNY CCCHistoryInaugurationCeremony Information and DirectionsBiographyHistory of the CollegeRegional Board of TrusteesSpencer Crest Nature and Research CenterObservatoryFacility RentalsSustainabilityVision, Mission, Accreditation
Privacy
SUNY Corning Community College adheres to its legal responsibility to enforce The
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, commonly known as FERPA. This federal
law provides privacy protections of your education records, guarantees you access
to your records, and requires your written permission to have your records released.
Your educational record includes any record that is directly related to you and is
maintained by CCC or an organization acting on our behalf.
Educational records may include:
written documents, including student advising folders
student files
student system databases kept in storage devices such as servers
Records not considered educational records include:
private notes of individual staff or faculty (not kept in student advising folders)
campus police records
medical records (protected under other state and federal laws)
statistical data compilations that contain no mention of personally identifiable information
about any specific student
You have a right to know about the purpose, content, and location of information kept
as a part of your educational records.  You also have a right to expect that information
in your educational records will be kept confidential unless you give permission to
the school to disclose your information.
Directory information is information contained in your education record which is not
considered harmful or an invasion of privacy if disclosed.
Directory information at CCC includes:
name
address
phone number and e-mail address
date of birth
dates of attendance
degree(s) awarded
honors and awards
enrollment status
major field of study
sports
Corning Community College may disclose directory information without your written
consent unless you exercise the option to restrict the release by submitting a formal
request to the school. If you wish to do this, contact the Enrollment Advisement Center.
Non-directory information is any educational record not considered directory information.
Non-directory information can not be released without your written consent.  Faculty
and staff can access non-directory information only if they have a legitimate academic
need to do so.
Non-directory information may include:
social security numbers
student identification number
race, ethnicity, and/or nationality
gender
transcripts and grade reports
grade point averages
If you provide written consent to CCC to disclose non-directory information, the authorization
should include the following:
the records to be disclosed
the purpose of the disclosure
identify the party to whom the disclosure is to be made
the date
your signature
You can also provide consent to disclose non-directory information by filling out
our Voluntary Consent to Release Information form and submitting it to the Enrollment Advisement Center. It is required that this form be signed either in front of a Notary or an Educational
Planner.
Prior written consent is not required when disclosure is made directly to you or to
other school officials within the same institution where there is a legitimate educational
interest.  A legitimate educational interest may include enrollment or transfer matters,
financial aid issues, or information requested by regional accrediting organizations.
You are guaranteed access to your records.  You have the right to inspect and review
your records upon request.  CCC will grant you access to your records within a reasonable
amount of time, not to exceed 45 days from the day the request was received.  You
also have the right to ask CCC to amend your records if you feel it contains inaccurate
information.
For more information on FERPA, you can call Enrollment Advisement Center at 607-962-9875
or visit the US Department of Education Family Policy Compliance Office website.
In addition, SUNY Corning Community College is required to provide reasonable accommodations
to students with disabilities under the ADA and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation
Act of 1973. For further information contact the Office of Student Disability Services.
©