http://www.mvsu.edu/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
About MVSU
Academics
Admissions
Registrar
Current Students
Parents
Alumni & Friends
Faculty & Staff
Title IX
About MVSU
About MVSUHistory
Gallery of Presidents
Location
Mission
Accreditations
Memberships
University Policies
The Board of Trustees
AdministrationOffice of the President
Purpose
Student Affairs
MVSU Homecoming
Vice President of Student Affairs
Student Affairs Staff
Career Development and Placement
Community Service Learning
Student Counseling Center
Intramural and Recreational Sports
Student Center
Student Health Center
Office of Student Leadership & Engagement
University Police Department
Upward Bound
Student Support Services
Title IX and Sexual Misconduct
Student Handbook
Office of Business and Finance
Policy for University Grievances
University Holidays
Administrative Office Hours
Physical Facilities of the University
Institutional Research & EffectivenessData Request Form
EAC Report Cards
Institutional Research & Effectiveness Homepage
MVSU SACSCOC Accreditation Information
Research Home
Campus Violence Prevention & Intervention Program
MVSU Campus Map
Sponsored ProgramsAbout Us
Sponsored Programs Homepage
Standard Proposal Information
Training and Information Sessions
Funding Sources and Opportunities
Policies, Procedures & Guidelines
Federal & State Agencies
OMB Circulars
Newsletters & Reports
Forms
Contact Us
Staff Council
International Programs
Title III
Connect D.E.E.P. Four Year Strategic Career Plan
MVSU App Downloads
Mass TransitMass Transit Service Area
Mass Transit Staff
Media Gallery
Reasons to Give
Schedule A Campus Tour
Valley In Motion
MVSU prepares you for a successful life after college. With the Colleges of Arts and Sciences, Professional Studies, Education and the Graduate School, MVSU provides its students with a variety of educational and future career opportunities.
Academics
AcademicsAcademic RegulationsAcademic Advisement
Academic Records
Academic Year
Academic Standards, Disciplinary Actions, and Procedures
Student Academic Careers
Coursework, Proficiency, and Community Service
Academic ResourcesAbout the Library
Academic Affairs
Find Library Resources
General Library Services
James Herbert White Library
Library Resources for Coahoma
Library Resources for Holmes
Library Services for GHEC
Library Testing Schedule
Office of Student Records/Registrar
University College
Academic YearAcademic Calendar
Semester Schedule of Classes
CatalogsGraduate Catalog
Undergraduate Catalog
FacultyFaculty Development
Faculty Senate
HighlightsFaculty
Student
Textbook Access and Affordability
Academic ProgramsEngineering Technology
Department of Criminal Justice
Distance Education
Department of Education
Department of Natural Sciences and Environmental Health
Honors Program
Department of Social Sciences
Department of Social Work
Teacher Education
Admissions - Graduate
IETP/Institute for Effective Teaching Practices
Business Administration
Criminal Justice
English and Foreign Languages
Fine Arts - Music & Design
Health, Physical Education and Recreation
Mass Communication
Mathematics, Computer and Information Sciences
Natural Sciences and Environmental Health
Social Sciences
Academic Forms
Vice President of Academic Affairs
C2C/Compete 2 Complete
MVSU’s academic program is delivered by a cadre of highly qualified faculty members who serve as experts of the curriculum and instruction of their disciplines.
Admissions
APPLY NOW
EnrollmentAdmissionsAPPLY NOW
Getting into College Guide
Request Information
Admissions Requirements
Intent to Enroll
Types of Students
Transfer Credits and Testing
Admissions Support Programs
Early Admissions
Immunization Requirements
Academic Support Program
Readmissions
Teacher Admissions
Summer Session Admission
Graduate Studies
Admitted Students
Contact Us
Schedule a Campus Tour
Campus Tour Survey
Summer Development Policies
GHEC/Greenville Higher Education Center
FinancesFinancial Aid
Scholarships
Tuition and Fees
Cost of Attendance
Campus LifeCampus Activities
Academic Programs
Residential Life/Student Housing
Facilities & ServicesMain Campus
Student Center
University Police Department
University TestingUniversity Testing
Test Dates
Testing Links
Quick List
Mass TransitMass Transit Service Areas
Mass Transit Staff
Valley Recruit
We are delighted that you are reviewing our University in order to make one of the major decisions in your life "WHERE DO I GO TO COLLEGE?" We say MISSISSIPPI VALLEY STATE UNIVERSITY, but we know you and your parents need information to make that important decision.
Registrar
Admissions
Enrollment Verification
FAQ
Filing for Graduation
Final Exam Schedule
Forms
Important Dates
Mission
Registrar
Registration Procedures
Staff Directory
Transcripts
Transfer Credits
Veteran Affairs Services
Release of Student Information
Withdrawals
Founded in 1950 and established in the historical Delta of Mississippi, Mississippi Valley State University is the youngest of all Historical Black Colleges and Universities in the United States. Our rich heritage affords the discerning student opportunities to grow and prepare for their future.
Current Students
Current Students
FinancesFinancial Aid
Student AccountsOffice of Business & Finance
Tuition & Fees
Payments/Payment Plans
Refunds
Cancellation Policy
Collections
View your Account
Campus LifeCampus ActivitiesReligious Activities
Intercollegiate Athletics
Delta Devils Gazette
Registration of Automobiles
Intramural Sports
Campus Channel Lineup
Residential Life/Student Housing
Facilities & ServicesMain Campus
Student Center
University Police Department
Office of Student Records
Student Affairs
Quick List
Dine on Campus
MVSU App Download
Mass TransitMass Transit Service Area
Mass Transit Staff
University Testing
MVSU believes in educating the whole student.   Educational, cultural, social, wellness, service, support -- it’s all here.  It’s for you.  It’s the road map to help you make your dream a reality. It is where you can Dream. Explore. Succeed!
Parents
Parents
Academics
Admissions
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Student Housing
We recognize the important role that parents and families play in the stories of our students. Your investment began a long time ago and we intend to make sure it pays off.
Alumni & Friends
Alumni & Friends
Alumni Forms
Alumni Relations
Career Services
National Alumni Association
Online Giving
Publications
Request a Transcript
What's New With You?
MVSU Alumni Recruitment Network
The Augusta C. White Scholarship Luncheon
Our alumni community is vital to enhancing the mission of Mississippi Valley State University. The need for engaging alumni with Mississippi Valley State University is greater now than ever before.
Faculty & Staff
Faculty & Staff
Human ResourcesHRMission
HR Staff Directory
Contact Information
Title IX and Sexual Misconduct
Financial Assistance for Students
Communications and Marketing
Valley In MotionChopped Competition
Daily Menus
Health Screenings
Healthy Eating
Incentives
MVSU Bike Share
Program Overview
Resources-Contact
Schedule of Activities
Sign-Up
Valley In Motion News
Valley In Motion Photo Gallery
Information TechnologyAbout IT
IT Forms
IT ServicesWireless Access
IT Support
Instructions & GuidesPhishing Scams
Ransomware
Internal Auditor
Faculty and Staff
Title IX
MVSU Alert
MVSU is closely monitoring info about the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
www.mvsu.edu is committed to protecting the rights of all visitors to www.mvsu.edu. We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and have created this privacy statement to share our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Collection and Use
We will protect your information, and will not release your name, email address or other personal information to any advertiser, merchant, or other third parties not related to www.mvsu.edu without your permission. We will not give, sell, share, rent, or trade information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. www.mvsu.edu stores its records in the united states. www.mvsu.edu is the owner of the information collected on this website.
Links to Other Sites
The www.mvsu.edu website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. When leaving our website, be sure to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. Our privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the www.mvsu.edu website.
Security
www.mvsu.edu has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of customer information stored on our systems. We use industry standard procedures and processes, such as firewalls, encryption, token authentication, application proxies, and monitoring technology to track abuse of our network and its data. When you submit information about yourself to www.mvsu.edu over the internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of www.mvsu.edu. To prevent unauthorized access,maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate and typical physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All employees, contractors and other companies engaged by www.mvsu.edu for work that involves access to personal information are contractually required to keep the information confidential and not to use it in any way other than what is necessary to perform their work for www.mvsu.edu.
Cookies
The useof cookies is an industry standard, and most websites use them to provide useful features for you, such as saving your password so you don't haveto re-enter it each time you visit a website. www.mvsu.edu may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, for statistical purposes, or to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can set your internet browser to refuse cookies, but you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do.
IP Address
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. All computer identification on the internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Your IP address does not contain your name but does provide additional demographic information. www.mvsu.edu does not release IP addresses to advertisers or third parties. We use your IP address to help diagnose or detect problems with our server, for security reasons, to conduct system administration and site analysis, and to administer our website. Any demographic information collected from your IP address is separated from your name and email address to protect your privacy.
Notification of Changes to the Privacy Policy
The www.mvsu.edu privacy policy may be updated to increase our users' privacy protection or to improve our information practices. If there are changes made in the future, the changes will not affect information already collected. Any changes to the www.mvsu.edu privacy policy will be available on this page for users to review.