https://www.unk.edu/privacy.php
Skip to Main Content
Search Terms
Students   |   Parents   |   Faculty & Staff   |   Alumni   |   Athletics
About UNK
Chancellor's Welcome
History
Virtual Walking Tour
Kearney Community
Cost
Campus Map
Work for UNK
Factbook
A to Z Websites
Administration
Directory
Accreditation
Equity Access Diversity
Academics
Arts & Sciences
Business & Technology
Education
Graduate Studies
General Studies
Research
Library
International Education
eCampus Online Education
Academic Departments
Academic Affairs
List of Majors
UNKonnection
Experiential Learning
Admissions
Undergraduate
Graduate
International
Transfer
eCampus - Online Education
Apply
Cost
Scholarships
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
Virtual Tour
Financial Aid
Student Life
Housing
Organizations
Fraternity & Sorority Life
Financial Aid
Academic Advising & Career Development
Student Records & Registration
IT Services
Student Health & Counseling
Recreation & Wellness
Campus Safety
Students
Parents
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Athletics
Discover the UNK difference
Experiential learning. Value. Caring community. At UNK we want to help you make a difference, in a learning environment that's different.
Discover the UNK difference
Experiential learning. Value. Caring community. At UNK we want to help you make a difference, in a learning environment that's different.
Discover the UNK difference
Experiential learning. Value. Caring community. At UNK we want to help you make a difference, in a learning environment that's different.
Home
»
Privacy
We Value Your Privacy
The University of Nebraska at Kearney values the privacy of all visitors to UNK websites and applications. This describes the privacy policy on the collection, protection, and disclosure of information resulting from the use of university websites and apps. The policy includes information that is collected automatically and information provided by users voluntarily.
UNK does not redistribute or sell personal information collected through its websites, mobile applications, or third-party vendors or applications.
UNK complies with all applicable state and federal privacy statutes, including the Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA), Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Nebraska Public Records Law, the University of Nebraska Board of Regents Policy for Responsible Use of University Computers and Information Systems, and UNK Data Security Guidelines. UNK also adheres to ethical standards established by the National Association for Colleges Admission Counseling and the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers. As a requirement for accreditation under Higher Learning Commission, UNK is required to comply with the HLC Student Consumer Protection Policy.
This policy statement is intended to clarify the relationship between the University of Nebraska at Kearney and the data of students, faculty and staff, friends of the university and all visitors to and users of its websites and apps. All entities of the University of Nebraska at Kearney are required to comply with this privacy policy.
Visitors to UNK web pages, apps and embedded online tools are leaving anonymous traffic data using cookies, which are small files related to the website or app being viewed. Types of information in cookies might include general information about the user’s visit, sometimes aggregated with data from other visits, that helps the web developers understand how users are interacting with the website or app, or helps the app or site function properly. It may include data such as the Internet address that the user was connected to during the site visit, the web page from which the visitor entered the site, which of the UNK resources were visited, in what order, and for how long.
UNK web pages use Google Analytics. Other data-collection and analysis tools may be used, provided they do not collect any form of Personally Identifiable Information.
In addition, all Web servers throughout the Internet collect basic details on connections in their server logs, including requesting IP addresses, resources requested, time of the request and whether the request was successful. UNK web developers aggregate information from the above sources to help improve UNK websites and apps by understanding how they are used and to maintain technical quality of systems and services.
Websites and apps require user authentication (user name and password or other access credential) to enter specific private information or data. Once logged in, visitors may be asked to provide information such as name, email address, address, birthday, student ID number, items of interest, or other information to help UNK provide them information. While authenticated, site visitors (students, prospective students, staff/faculty) may also access and interact with private information, such as grades, enrollment, class activity or other privileged information. Such information remains under the user’s control and may only be shared with others by the user’s direct action. UNK sites may provide tools to enable users to share information with others, but in no circumstance will any data be shared outside of the university and/or its contracted providers without the user’s direct action and knowledge.
UNK may use voluntarily provided information, including identity information, to tailor the content of web pages and other communications to site visitors’ or users’ needs, interests or role(s).
University of Nebraska at Kearney websites and apps may include links to other websites and/or apps, or may display content from external services or providers. Except as part of formal business relationships between UNK and service vendors, a link from a UNK site does not imply endorsement of a destination site. While UNK strives to be a good steward of third-party embedded content, these third parties may have their own privacy policies. UNK is not responsible for the privacy practices of these external third parties. For users’ own protection, they should review the privacy policy of any site linked to from our website or any site to which they provide personal information.
Users who “opt in” or sign up for information, messages/communications, correspondence or other automated or created contacts will have the ability to stop or “opt out” of future communications by emailing Kelly Bartling at bartlingkh@unk.edu or filling the form below.
Students
Financial Aid
Course Catalogs
Academic Calendar
Cost Information
Campus Map
Resources
MyBlue
Canvas
IT Services
Firefly
HelpDesk
Work for UNK
Library
Email
UNK Box
Affiliates
Nebraska System
University Foundation
Alumni Association
Museum of Nebraska Art
Safety Center
Loper Athletics
UNMC at UNK
The University of Nebraska at Kearney
2504 9th Ave, Kearney, NE 68849
308-865-8441
Directory
Safety
Report Fraud/Misconduct
Privacy Policy
Digital Accessibility
© Copyright 2020  |  Login