https://www.thechildrensmuseumct.org/privacy-statement
connect with us
About
Gift Ideas
Our History
Our Staff
Connect With Us
Press Room
Board of Trustees
Employment
Public Information
VISIT
Hours & Admissions- New Policies and Procedures
Timed Tickets
Gift of Timed Tickets
Memberships & Benefits
Frequently Asked Questions
Animal Demo Schedule
Planetarium Schedule
Directions
Group Visits
Facility Rentals
Closed December
4th, 5th, 6th and 11th
As we make room
for our new exhibit
When the Earth Shakes
Opening December 12th!
TIMED TICKETS
ARE REQUIRED
FOR ALL VISITORS!
Tel:(860) 231-2824
The Children's Museum
950 Trout Brook Drive
West Hartford, CT 06119
EXHIBITS
When the Earth Shakes – Opens Dec 12
Wildlife Sanctuary
Dinosaurs in your Backyard
Sonic Sensation
Lizard Lair
Conny The Whale
Kids Can Compost
PROGRAMS
The Children’s Museum Online!
Vacation Science Camp
Morning Science Enrichment
Preschool – Registration is OPEN!
Birthday Parties
Traveling Classroom Programs
Library Programs
Field Trips
Scout Programs
Facility Rentals
PLANETARIUM
About The Planetarium
Show Library
Show Productions
ANIMALS
Wildlife Sanctuary
Animal Sponsorship
Winged Wonders Butterfly House (Now Open!)
Lizard Lair
Turtle Town
Current Residents
Demonstration Schedule
Volunteer Opportunities
PRESCHOOL
About
Programs and Curriculum
Faculty
Preschool Outreach
Preschool – Registration is OPEN!
MEMBERSHIPS
Memberships & Benefits
Gift Memberships
Library Membership
Member’s Only: November Member Month & Timed Tickets
SUPPORT
Make a Donation
Holiday Gift Giving
Wish Lists
Volunteer Opportunities
Our Supporters
2020 Gala
2019 Gala
ROARING BROOK
Visit
Members
Events
Concerts
About
Programs
Educator Program Guide
The Children’s Museum intends to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit www.thechildrensmuseumct.org without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. It is our intent to let you know before we collect personal information from you on the Internet.
If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we may need — to correspond with you, to answer an email question or process a membership, for example — it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it.
The Children’s Museum does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site. Please note that any information or material sent to us will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending us any information or material, you grant The Children’s Museum an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that The Children’s Museum is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we ask your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
If you have any questions or comments about The Children’s Museum’s privacy practices, you can contact us at 950 Trout Brook Drive, West Hartford, Connecticut 06119 or call 860.231.2824.
Copyright © 2020, The Children's Museum. All rights reserved.
The Children's Museum Privacy Statement
The Children's Museum950 Trout Brook DriveWest Hartford, Connecticut 06119 1437860.231.2824 / phone860.232.0705 / fax
Website design and development by MoonBase3.com - Connecticut Website Development