https://www.legalexpert.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to JF Law Ltd.
How we use your personal data
2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal bases of the processing.
2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data“). The service data may include name, telephone number, email address, ip address, injury/accident details. The source of the service data is you. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding our services (“enquiry data“). The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
2.6 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, and keeping records of those communications. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
2.7 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of our email notifications (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications. The legal basis for this is processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.8 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.9 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.10 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.11 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process[any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.12 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
3.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our company insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Retaining and deleting personal data
4.1 This Section 4 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
4.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
4.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) Website Usage Data will be retained for a maximum period of 28 months following the date you entered this website.
(b). Data entered through website contact forms, call back forms and saved to the website database shall be deleted on request or will otherwise be retained for no longer than 31 days.
(c). Publication data submitted on our website shall be deleted on request or will otherwise be retained for no longer than 31 days.
4.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained, for example if a claim is still being processed. Personal information provided in connection with the provision of our legal services will be retained for no longer than fifteen years unless we agree otherwise with you.
4.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 4, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
5.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
5.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
6.1 In this Section 6, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
6.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
6.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will respond to your request in accordance to the law usually with undue delay, or at the maximum no later than one month.
6.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
6.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
6.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
6.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
6.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we would cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
6.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
6.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
6.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
6.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
6.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
About cookies
7.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
7.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
8.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, WordPress, Zopim);
(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website (cookies used for this purpose are: WordPress);
(c) personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you (cookies used for this purpose are: WordPress);
(d) security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally (cookies used for this purpose are: Wordfence);
(e) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: Google Analytics, Zopim); and
(f) cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally (cookies used for this purpose are: WordPress).
Cookies used by our service providers
9.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
9.3 We use Wordfence to analyse the use of our website. Wordfence gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to determine whether a visitor is human or a bot and allows bots to be blocked from our website. Wordfence’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.wordfence.com/privacy-policy/.
9.4 We use Zopim Live Chat to allow visitors to speak with claims advisors online. This service uses cookies to identify visitors site visits and country location information. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/.
Managing cookies
10.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
10.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
10.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
11.1 This website is operated by JF Law Ltd.
11.2 JF Law Limited is a law firm and limited company authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under SRA No: 619586. VAT Number: 210539444. Our registered office is Champion European Suites, Arrowe Brook Road, Wirral, Merseyside, CH49 0AB.
Contact Us
Fill in your details below for a free callback
Name :
Email :
Phone :
Services :
Please Select..Accident at WorkCar Accident ClaimsMedical Negligence ClaimsSlip Trip ClaimsWhiplash ClaimsCriminal InjurySexual AbuseFlight CompensationStress or BullyingOther
Time to call :
Please Select..Today: 8.am-9amToday: 9.am-10amToday: 11.am-12.amToday: 12.am-1.pmToday: 1.pm-2.pmToday: 2.pm-3.pmToday: 3.pm-4.pmToday: 4.pm-5.pmToday: 5.pm-6.pmToday: 6.pm-7.pmToday: 7.pm-8.pmTomorrow: 8.am-9amTomorrow: 9.am-10amTomorrow: 11.am-12.amTomorrow: 12.am-1.pmTomorrow: 1.pm-2.pmTomorrow: 2.pm-3.pmTomorrow: 3.pm-4.pmTomorrow: 4.pm-5.pmTomorrow: 5.pm-6.pmTomorrow: 6.pm-7.pmTomorrow: 7.pm-8.pm
Please leave this field empty.
Latest News
error: Content is protected !!