http://www.discovertexasonline.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Why I Wrote Discover Texas
Why Discovery Learning Works
How Discover Texas Guides Discovery Learning
Speaking Engagements
Ways to Use Discover Texas
How to Discover Texas in a Co-op Class
How to Discover Texas All Year at Home
How to Discover Texas in a Single Semester
How to Discover Texas Over Several Summers
FAQs
Course Demonstration
Sample Pages
Scope and Sequence
Buy Now!
Blog
Contact Us
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data when your use our site, DiscoverTexasOnline.com
Discover Texas and Lynn Dean is the data controller, and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy). This Privacy Policy may be revised and updated at any time. Your continued usage of the Discover Texas website (“Site”) will mean you accept those changes.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
WHO WE ARE
Full name of legal entity: Discover Texas
Our website address is: http://www.discovertexasonline.com.
Contact Details
Email address: info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if your personal information changes by emailing us at info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data. We may process the following categories of personal data about you:
Customer Data that includes data relating to any purchases of goods and/or services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address, email address, phone number, contact details, and purchase details. We process this data to supply the goods and/or services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
User Data that includes data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases, and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services, and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business.
Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings, and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
Marketing Data that includes data about your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We process this data to enable you to partake in our promotions such as competitions, prize draws, and free giveaways, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, and to measure or understand the effectiveness of this advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business, and to decide our marketing strategy.
We may use Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook ads or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Where we are required to collect personal data by law or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered, but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose, we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms on our site or by sending us emails). We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies and similar technologies.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address, and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me,” your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Third Party Analytics
We may also receive data from third parties such as analytics providers such as Google, advertising networks such as Facebook, such as search information providers such as Google, providers of technical, payment and delivery services, such as data brokers or aggregators.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Under these regulations, if you are a limited company, we may send you marketing emails without your consent. However you can still opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time.
We will not share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes without your express consent.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link on any marketing message sent to you OR by emailing us at info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com at any time.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, warranty registrations etc.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Other companies in our group who provide services to us.
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers.
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Articles on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) and/or links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website, or to share data about you. We make every attempt to curate these links carefully, but we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorization. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When deciding the appropriate length of time to archive data, we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, and whether these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements.
For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We are subject to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) that protect your personal data. Where we transfer your data to third parties outside of the EEA, we will ensure that certain safeguards are in place to ensure a similar degree of security for your personal data. As such:
We may transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data; or
If we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place; or
Where we use certain service providers who are established outside of the EEA, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data, and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. California’s privacy standards are very high and we strive to live up to those strict standards. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent except as noted above.
At this time we do not respond to DNT (Do Not Track) signals.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).  We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. We recommend that anyone under 18 years of age participate and use our website, products, or services only with parental permission and supervision.
We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such personal information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at info@DiscoverTexasOnline.com. We will then delete the child’s personal information from our files.
If we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at the site, we will use such information for the sole purpose of contacting a parent or guardian of the child to obtain verifiable parental consent. If we cannot obtain consent after a reasonable time, or if when contacted a parent or guardian requests that we do not use or maintain such information, we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records. Upon request by a parent or guardian, we will provide a description of the specific types of personal information collected from a child who is under the age of 13.
UPDATED: 24 May 2018
Discover Texas Curriculum!
Get answers to your homeschool questions!(Check your email for your FREE GIFT!)
* indicates required
First Name
Email Address
*
Get Blog Posts by Email
Email
Name
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Contact Us
Email: info@discovertexasonline.com
Phone: 210.265.5994
Privacy Policy
Lynn used to hate history...now she loves it!
Find out why.