https://www.appa.org/privacy-policy/
Our StoryOur Story
APPA History
APPA’s Purpose
At APPA, we respect the privacy of our members, program participants, those who use and visit our Websites, and our community. This Privacy Policy provides the privacy principles that we follow with respect to  how we collect, use and protect the information that you may provide through the use of APPA’s Websites (appa.org, appa.inloop.com), collectively referred to as “Website”), as well as through other channels, such as at our events you may attend.
Please
read this entire Privacy Policy before using APPA’s Website or submitting
information to APPA though this Website or other submission channels.
APPA’s mission and purpose; legitimate interestsAPPA’s mission is to create positive impact in educational facilities by transforming individual facilities professionals into higher performing managers and leaders, transforming member institutions into supportive learning environments, and elevating the recognition and value of educational facilities.  As such, any information we collect serves to further our mission, including but not limited to the following:
Provide relevant
information to our prospective members, active members, our community, and the
publicRespond to inquiries
relating to APPA and educational facilitiesPromote APPA,
regional, and chapter events, programs, and activitiesPerform our
contractual obligations with members in good standing, participants of our
certification program, registered attendees at our events, and subscribers of
our publications and other products/services
What information does APPA collect? You can access some areas of the Website without submitting any personally identifiable information to us. However, if you wish to access additional content available on this Website or participate in some of APPA’s activities, we may ask that you provide us personally identifiable information for the purposes described below. Most data APPA collects is used only to help APPA better serve its members and prospective members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors voluntarily provide. Such information is generally requested and provided when you:
Join APPA as a member or renew
membership with APPAEnroll in APPA’s certification
programRegister for meetings, trainings, or
other APPA programs Purchase APPA products or services
(through APPA’s online store or other purchasing channels) Create a Website accountContact APPA
We maintain this information on our secure servers for our internal processes only.
APPA Internet forms often require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference, address, interests, and similar information.
APPA does not disclose credit card information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, APPA submits the information needed to the appropriate clearinghouse through secure payment gateway sites to conduct the transactions.
When you visit the
Website, we collect and store certain other information automatically that may
not identify you personally:
Internet Protocol
(IP) address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the
computer you are using whenever you access the InternetType of browser
and operating system used to access our WebsiteDate and time you
access our WebsiteThe pages on our Website
that you access
We use the
foregoing information in the form of summary statistics to help us make our Website
more useful to our visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and
least interest. In addition, there may be
times when we share de-identified, aggregate information—such as the number of
hits per page—with our partners and with advertisers, sponsors, and other third
parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on the
Website for our users.
How does APPA protect your information?
We use industry-recognized security safeguards, such as firewalls, coupled with
security procedures that protect your information from loss, misuse or
unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit
card numbers, we encrypt it as it is transmitted to us.
Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information. Using
physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, we restrict access to personal
information to those employees and agents for business purposes only.
Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of
our security procedures.
When you submit information to APPA through our Website, you
should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and
that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we
take reasonable security measures to protect your information when we receive
it, you also need to ensure you take appropriate steps to protect your
information.
How does APPA use information collected? When we ask you for information, we tell you, or it will be clear, what we need to fulfill your request and how we will use it. We use information for purposes of administering our business activities and providing services. We provide membership lists to carefully selected business partners as a member benefit. However, we do not otherwise make your personal information available to anyone outside of APPA for any marketing purpose or sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for any other purposes, except in response to subpoenas or for other legal reasons.
How to update your information You may access, correct, and update your personal information by logging in your myAPPA Website account and utilize the setting function. Upon request to APPA via postal mail, email, or telephone (during regular business hours), APPA will provide you with  a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by APPA about you, so you  may modify, correct, change, or update personally identifiable information that APPA has collected through its Website. We may ask you to provide sufficient evidence of your identity for your own protection so we can ensure that information is being released to the correct person.
Will APPA disclose my information?  APPA does not disclose your personally identifiable information to third-parties, aside from APPA’s carefully selected business partners and vendors acting as an agent of APPA for operational support purposes, including but not limited to event registration, content management and analysis, system maintenance, email distribution, printing, and mailing.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, APPA may disclose your personally identifiable information as follows:  We may disclose your information to APPA’s agents and advisors (such as our accountants and attorneys).  We will only disclose the personal information necessary for them to provide their services to you or us, and only under strict confidentiality restrictions.  We may disclose your information as APPA believes in good faith is necessary to: (a) comply with the law (including but not limited to court and government orders and civil subpoenas); (b) enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of APPA, our Website visitors, or others; or (d) investigate fraud, potentially illegal activity, or respond to a government/legal request, and may do so even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, to the extent we feel necessary to inform or cooperate with law enforcement agencies or other appropriate authorities.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets to a third party, we may also disclose your personal information to the third parties concerned or their professional advisors. In the event of such a transaction, the personal information held by APPA will be among the assets subject to the transaction.
What technology is used on APPA’s websites? We use a variety of technologies on our Websites. Among these are cookies—pieces of information that our Website provides to your browser when you visit our Website. Cookies allow us to track overall site usage and determine areas users prefer, and also allow us to make your visit to our Website easier by recognizing you when you return and helping to provide you with a customized experience. You can choose to decline cookies while at our Websites; however, this may limit your ability to access certain areas of the Website. Most browsers accept and maintain cookies by default. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.  Our Websites tracks usage data, including, for example, your IP address, your browser type and version, which pages you view, which page, if any, linked you to our sites, and which link, if any, you follow off of our sites. We use this data in the aggregate to better understand Website activity to improve our site offerings. We do not track URLs that you type into your browser, nor do we track you across the Internet once you leave our site. By using our Websites, you consent to the collection and use of this information by APPA, as outlined herein. We may access and set cookies using web beacons, also known as single-pixel GIFs, which are invisible graphical images. These web beacons provide us useful information regarding our site, such as which pages users’ access. When we send you emails, we may include a single-pixel GIF to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you.
Links to third-party websites and third-party websites linked to our websitesOur Websites may contain links to other Internet Websites or other Websites may contain links to our Websites. Unless we explicitly state otherwise, we have no control over these third-party sites and their privacy practices, information or content contained therein. This Privacy Policy applies only to information you supply (or what we collect) in connection with the use of our Websites. Upon visiting any third-party Website to which we may provide a link or third-party Websites linked to our Websites, you should review the privacy policy specific to that site.
Children’s informationThe Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. APPA does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If APPA discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal data, we will delete the child’s personal data unless a parent or guardian provides verifiable consent to APPA.
International website access and cross-border data transfersOur principal place of business is in the United States. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and APPA is based. In addition, information that APPA collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which the Association operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Social media widgetsThe Website includes social media features, including the Facebook Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, and Instagram icons, that run on our Website. These features may collect your Internet Protocol address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Amendments and updatesAPPA reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on our homepage so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy.
You can contact APPA with questions about our privacy practice and this Privacy Policy at:
APPA 1643 Prince Street  Alexandria, Virginia 22314-2818 703-684-1446
Effective Date: May 2019
Stay Connected with Inside APPA and Our Newsfeed
Please enter your email address here to subscribe to APPA emails