http://www.necc.mass.edu/discover/consumer-information/privacy-policy
Register Today for Spring and Winter Courses
Check Out Our Virtual Information Sessions
Coronavirus Updates and FAQs     |     Student Wellness Pledge
This site is best viewed in Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or EdgeX
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
NECC Home  /  About NECC  /  Consumer Information  /  Privacy Policy
Consumer Information
Student Right to Know
Clery Report
Accreditation
Web Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Data Protection Statement
Your Privacy is One of Our Top Priorities
The following policy applies only to the use of NECC’s web site. Other web sites operated by state agencies have different policies. NECC suggests that you read the privacy policies for each Commonwealth web site that you visit, and any external site that you visit through a link appearing at this site.
NECC also recommends that you read the “disclaimer” that appears on this web site as NECC is not responsible for the content of, or for the privacy policy of, or the use of personal information gathered at a web site that you may visit through a link appearing at this site.
Summary
NECC will not sell or share any user information with any outside party, unless required by law to do so. All information collected on the NECC web site is used solely to answer questions or fill requests made by users of this site. No information will be used to identify or contact users of this site against their wishes.
Privacy Relationship
NECC attempts to protect the privacy of all users of this web site to the maximum extent possible. However, because some of the information that NECC receives through this web site is subject to the Public Records Law, Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 66, Section 10, NECC cannot ensure absolute privacy. This policy informs you of the information that NECC collects from you at this site, what NECC does with it, to whom it may be disseminated, and how you can access it. Based on this information, you can make an informed choice about your use of this site. You can maximize the benefits of using this web site by making informed choices about whether to share personally identifiable information with NECC through this site.
Definitions
Cookies are files that a web site can place on your computer. A cookie file contains unique information that a web site can use to track such things as your password, lists of web pages you have visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific web page, or to identify your session at a particular web site. A cookie file allows the web site to recognize you as you click through pages on the site and when you later revisit the site. A web site can use cookies to “remember” your preferences, and to record your browsing behavior on the web. Although you can prevent web sites from placing cookies on your computer by using your browser’s preference menu, disabling cookies may affect your ability to view or interact with some web sites.
An “Internet Protocol Address” or “IP Address” is a series of numbers that identifies each computer and machine connected to the Internet. An IP address enables a server on a computer network to send you the file that you have requested on the Internet. The IP address disclosed to NECC may identify the computer from which you are accessing the Internet, or a server owned by your Internet Service Provider.
Personally Identifiable Information means any information that could reasonably be used to identify you, including your name, mailing address, e-mail address, Social Security number, birth date, bank account information, credit card information, or any combination of similar information that could be reasonably used to identify you.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
This site collects information voluntarily given by you only through the e-mails and/or forms that you send through this site. E-mails and/or forms sent by you to this site will contain personally identifiable information.
Information Collected and Stored by this Site
This site does not collect “cookies”, but may collect and store indefinitely your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, as well as information about the date and time of your visit, whether a file you have requested exists, and how many “bytes” of information were transmitted to you over the web from this site. NECC can use your IP address to assess the frequency of visits to this site and the popularity of its various pages and functions. NECC will not attempt to match any personally identifiable information that you provide to NECC with your IP address, except as necessary as part of an investigation concerning the violation of a law or a college policy.
DoubleClick: NECC uses Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows the college to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Dissemination of Your Personally Identifiable Information
NECC does not sell any personally identifiable information collected through this web site. However, any personally identifiable information voluntarily submitted to NECC through an e-mail or a form submittal is subject to the Public Records Law and the Fair Information Practices Act (Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 66A), and other applicable laws and regulations. For this reason, part or all of the information you send to NECC may be disclosed in response to a public records request.
In addition, the information that you voluntarily submit will be disclosed only to Commonwealth employees or officials with a “need to know” for purposes of fulfilling their job responsibilities. These individuals will only use the information to answer your questions, respond to any requests for assistance, and fulfill the Commonwealth’s legal obligations. Where appropriate, NECC may provide the information submitted by you to the person or company that is the subject of your inquiry, or to a government agency responsible for the matters referred to in your communication.
Your Access and Opportunity to Correct
The Public Records Law and the Fair Information Practices Act provide you certain rights to get information about you that is in our records. To learn more about the circumstances under which you can get and correct this information, please click on the above references to these laws.
Security
Because this site does not encrypt all incoming e-mail, you should not send information that you consider highly sensitive through this web site. NECC uses standard security measures to ensure that your personally identifiable information is not lost, misused, altered, or unintentionally destroyed. The Commonwealth also uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Special Protections Against Misuse Of Personally Identifiable Information Within Commonwealth Offices
Executive Order 412 enhances the privacy protection of information about you as a named individual held by the Executive Department of state government. Executive Order 412 limits the collection and dissemination of personally identifiable information within the Executive Department. This site complies with Executive Order 412, so all of the personally identifiable information that you submit to this site is handled consistent with Executive Order 412.
Policy Changes
NECC will post changes to this policy at least 30 days before they take effect. Any information NECC collects under the current privacy policy will remain subject to the terms of this policy, consistent with the Public Records Law and the Fair Information Practices Act. After any changes take effect, all new information NECC collects, if any, will be subject to the new policy.
Additional Policies
NECC will comply with all State of Massachusetts polices and procedures including the Acceptable Use Policy.
Any link, (including hyperlinks, buttons or referral devices of any kind) used on this or any other NECC web page is provided for the use and convenience of the visitor. The appearance of a link on this or any other NECC web page does not constitute an endorsement, recommendation or certification by NECC., nor should the presence of a link in any way be construed as a suggestion that the site has any relationship with NECC.
Links to the NECC web site from external sites is not permitted without prior consent of the Web Content Developer.
Any information submitted to the NECC web site becomes the property of NECC and will not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality. No compensation will be made to the provider of information/images/audio or video via the NECC web site.
By using the NECC website, you agree to the policies disclosed here.
Contact Information
For questions about your privacy while using this web site, please contact webdeveloper@necc.mass.edu.
Print View
No contentNo content