https://www.acoustiguide.com/apps-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Apps Privacy Policy
Apps Privacy Policyj.tinoco.it2019-08-13T16:46:38-04:00
The Acoustiguide Group (“Acoustiguide,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) values the privacy of the users of our mobile applications and websites (collectively or individually “Users”). This privacy policy governs your use of this Acoustiguide Mobile application (the “App”) for mobile devices. The App provides audio and visual information to Users as they virtually tour and explore museums, galleries, cultural institutions, cities, and tourist attractions across the world.  When you use the App, we, and our service providers, may collect certain information as detailed hereunder, however please note that none of the information collected by us amounts to Personal Data, as such term is defined under Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) (“GDPR”).
So What Non-Personal Data We Do Collect?
Automatically Collected Information
The Application will collect in an anonymous manner the following  information automatically: User’s languages; User’s visited tours; User’s visited stops during the tours; User’s audio play time (duration of the App playing audio during a session); User’s camera used for QR reading; User’s map views, User’s keypad views, User’s external page views (information regarding User’s click on URL links inside the App); User’s list/salon views – (if the User views the tour in list or salon mode), User’s App quiz views and App’s usage time.
This data is collected solely for statistics purposes and is completely anonymous, as we do not collect it in connection to your details, which are unknown to us.
Location Information
When you first use the mobile application, you may be asked to consent to the App’s collection of location information from your mobile device. This location information is required in order for the App to function as designed. The app may use Bluetooth or GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to display your location on a map or show you relvant content. We will not share your current location with other users or partners, and we will not save such information – it is solely used during the usage by you of the App in order to provide you with improved functionality of the App.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you can stop the usage of location information at any time by closing the App or placing the App in the background, or changing the location sharing preferences on your mobile device. However, if you stop the App’s collection of location information, certain functions of the App will no longer function as intended .
How Acoustiguide Uses Information We Collect from Users
We may use the information that we collect to:
Provide and personalize the features and services of the App;
Monitor and analyze usage trends and preferences;
Improve the App and its features, and create new features and functionality;
Statistics purposes;
Enforce this Privacy Policy, and other terms you have agreed to, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Acoustiguide, its Users, and any other person.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share some non-Personal Data collected by us with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
With third parties that assist us in the analytics of usage of the App;
With our customers or potential customers;
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
We may also share aggregated information that does not identify you with third parties for various data purposes, which is understanding usage patterns of the App and improving its functionality.
Share Feature
The App uses third-party service providers to give you easy ways to share content with others. The information you provide when using these tools is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies.
Third-Party Links
The App may contain links to other websites, products, or services that Acoustiguide does not own or operate. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third parties before providing any information to them. Some of these third parties may share or sell the information that they collect from you. Acoustiguide is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties. If you choose to visit or use any third-party products, websites, or services, including those offered by our third-party service providers or other partners, please be aware that this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose to these third parties.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the App easily by uninstalling the App. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device.
ScrapBook
The ScrapBook is a feature generated by a link shared by you at your choice, with whom and however you wish to share it. If you use this feature, together with the ScrapBook link sent by you, you will receive a link that allows you to delete such ScrapBook at any time.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We may retain Automatically Collected Information and store it in aggregate. As mentioned above, no Personal Data is collected or retained. If you have any questions about how this data is stored and retained, please contact us at info@acoustiguide.com and we will respond in a reasonable time.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect the information that we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. To that end, we use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to protect the information that we collect. However, as mentioned above, no Personal Data is collected by us, and therefore no Data Breach of any kind can expose any Personal Data.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the App, you are consenting to our processing of the Automatically Collected Information, as mentioned above, which is non-Personal Data, as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information for uses described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the App, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@acoustiguide.com.