http://www.washingtonpavilion.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Washington Pavilion
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Social Media Code of Conduct
Introduction
We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using our website. This Privacy Policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as "Data" below) that may be collected by us on our site. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control.
Collection of Data
Please take note that your user name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. Like many websites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if at all) is set forth below.
Use of Data
We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on this site. We will make efforts so that your Data will not be provided to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of Data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party, by way of example an Application Service Provider; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement; (v) we find that your use of this site violates our this Policy, Terms of Service, other usage guidelines or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property; (vi) or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party whereby that third party will be able to use the Data in the same manner as we can as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other websites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.
Cookies
Like many websites, we may set and use cookies to enhance your user experience, such as retaining your personal settings. Advertisements may appear on our website and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer and is subject to the privacy policy of those parties providing the advertisement. However, the companies serving the advertising do not have access to our cookies. These companies usually use non-personally identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to our site.
Editing or Deleting Your Account Information
We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account information that you provided to us in registration by using your personal page configuration area. You may request deletion of your user account by contacting us.
Social Media Code of Conduct
The Washington Pavilion believes in following a code of conduct when posting or interacting with any of our social media sites. Therefore, we have compiled a list for users to adhere to when posting. Please note: this list is not all inclusive and the Washington Pavilion reserves the right to make decisions on a case-by-case basis.
The following actions will not be tolerated when posting on the Washington Pavilion’s social media channels:
Abusive, harassing, stalking, threatening or comments that personally attack an individual
Defamatory, offensive, obscene or vulgar comments
Hateful language targeting race/ethnicity, religion, gender, nationality or political beliefs
Fraudulent, deceptive, misleading or unlawful posts/comments
Trolling or deliberate disruption of discussion
Content that is spamming in nature
Solicitation of goods or services for personal gain
Uploading files or links that contain viruses or programs that could damage the operation of other people’s computers
Any posts about a legal issue, legal case or attorneys
Posting of any personal information including, but not limited to, email address or phone number
Based on the severity of the infraction, the Washington Pavilion reserves the right to delete comments or ban the user
Addressing Social Media Complaints
In the event of a visitor complaint, the Washington Pavilion may address the issue directly and personally with the individual. A representative from the Washington Pavilion may follow up with a private message so we can better delve into the issue at hand and do our best to remedy the situation. We thank you in advance for your courtesy and respect in the event of a complaint.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of substantial changes to this Policy either by posting a prominent announcement on our site and/or by sending a message to the e-mail address you have provided to us that is contained within your user settings.
NO GUARANTEES
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data.
Washington Pavilion
301 S. Main Ave.
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Box Office: (605) 367-6000
info@washingtonpavilion.org
Helpful links
About Us
Newsroom
Leadership Team
Contact Us
Gift Cards
Privacy Policy
Washington Pavilion on social media
Washington Pavilion on Facebook
Washington Pavilion on Youtube
Washington Pavilion on Twitter
Washington Pavilion on Instagram
Washington Pavilion on Linkedin
Washington Pavilion on Pinterest
Website sponsored by:
Attractions
Performances
Art
Current Exhibitions
SculptureWalk Visitor Center
Visual Arts Center Events
Past Exhibitions
Permanent Collection
Exhibition Application
Raven Children's Studio
Paladino Hohm Sculpture Garden
Science
Current Exhibits
Spinosaurus Dinosaurs
Space: An Out-of-this-World Experience
Jack's Imagination Lab
Room to Grow
Dinosaur Discovery
Grow It!
Learn South Dakota
Quarry Dig
State of Wonder
Avera Stage Science
Health Quest by Sanford
Prehistoric Adventure Climber
fit Zone fueled by Sanford Health
Educational Movies
Birthday Parties
For Educators
Off the Fridge
Education
Movies
Current Movies
Showtimes
Tickets
Calendar of Events
Pavilion Performance Series
Wellmark Family Series
Orpheum Theater Center
South Dakota Symphony Orchestra
Live on Stage Sioux Falls
Sioux Falls Jazz and Blues
Augustana University
Ticket Buyers Beware
Ticket Buying Policy
Corporate & Group Sales
Plan Your Visit
Calendar of Events
Hours
Rates
Parking
Dining
Thanksgiving Dinner Menu
Show Dining
Expand Your Experience
Catering
Accessibility
Frequently Asked Questions
Education
Experience Your Washington Pavilion @ Home
Educators
Classes & Camps
Pre K – Kindergarten
Grade 1-3
Grade 4-7
Young Adult
Adult
Homeschool
Important Class Info
Dakota Academy of Performing Arts
DAPA Youth Performances
Upcoming Auditions
Plays For Living
Summer Opportunities
Graham Academy Preschool
Action Arts and Science Program
Special Events
Calendar of Events
Ag Day
Arts Night
Sidewalk Arts Festival
Children's Studio
Entertainment
Map
Parking
Vendors
Volunteer
Design Challenge
Free First Friday
Spooky Science
Sioux Falls Alive
Host An Event
Birthday Parties
Corporate Events
Weddings
Promoters
Venues
Catering
Gaming Parties in the Wells Fargo CineDome
Support
Donate
Legacy Giving Program
Memberships
Membership Frequently Asked Questions
Volunteer
Partners & Supporters
Utility Navigation
(605) 367-6000
Meet Radley Rex
Careers
Your Account
Tickets
Donate
Memberships