https://www.lindenwood.edu/academics/support-resources/information-technology/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Close
For important updates on Lindenwood University campus safety precautions and associated information from public health officials, please visit our Roaring Return page and the CDC's COVID-19 site. Complete the Initial Assessment Survey to report symptoms, exposure, or positive test results of COVID-19.
Home
Academics
Support &…
Information…
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Personal Data Protection
Data Subject Request Form
Additional Navigation
Information Technology
Teach + Learn Anywhere
Help Desk Support
IT Applications
Application Status
Cybersecurity
Student Resources
Copy Center
Current Priorities and Projects
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Information Security Program
The Lindenwood University System has an expressed commitment to protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of its students, faculty, staff and other individuals associated with the University.
DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION STATEMENT
The Lindenwood University System has an expressed commitment to protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of its students, faculty, staff, and other individuals associated with the University. The Lindenwood University System takes what it considers to be appropriate measures in the management of information systems, data networks, and processing to reasonably protect privacy in accordance with regulatory requirements.
The Lindenwood University System (“LUS”) is provided with and/or collects PII for its use as an educational institution. These data may include, but is not limited to, name, social security number, financial and medical information, educational records, credit information, address, and tax information. Other demographic and descriptive data may also be provided and/or collected such as zip code, gender, age, and preferences, but is not considered to be personally identifiable information where such information cannot reasonably be matched to a particular individual. Unless otherwise required by law, or court proceeding, or as a matter of necessity involving risk to life or health, the Lindenwood University System will not share PII without the prior written consent of the data subject.
If you have any questions or would like to make a data subject request, please complete and submit a Data Subject Request.
Collection of Data
Our site uses technologies of third-party partners to help us recognize your device and understand how you use our site(s) so that we can improve our services to reflect your interests and serve you advertisements about the services that are likely to be of more interest to you. Specifically, we collect information about your activity on our site(s) to enable us to:
Measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our site(s);
Show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party sites;
Measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns;
Cross-Device
We may share data, such as hashed email derived from emails or other online identifiers collected on our site(s) with advertising partners. This allows our partners to recognize and deliver you ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by our partner and their cross-device capabilities please refer to NextRoll’s Privacy Notice.
Opting-Out
Our partners may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit you to block such technologies. For this reason, you can use the following third-party tools to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving you interest-based advertising:
The NAI’s opt-out platform: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
Read More
PII may be provided, collected and maintained from prospective/current/former students and their parents/guardians, prospective/current/former employees, and external individuals and entities with which the university transacts business.
PII may be provided, collected and maintained in various formats including paper forms and as electronic data stored, for example, on servers, computers, hard drives, and databases. LUS may take such steps as it deems proper to dispose of this data or to render it inaccessible by normal means of retrieval.  Such steps may include, for example, to shred paper forms, purge electronic data and/or electronically wipe or physically destroy hard drives containing PII.
LUS seeks to limit access to PII to authorized individuals based on job requirements necessary, in LUS’s view, to conduct University business. Employees of the University are expected to respect and protect the confidentiality of PII and employees failing this expectation may be subject to discipline.
The Lindenwood University System may offer training to employees on PII according to job function and type of data access allowed to promote compliance with the University's Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy.
Protected data may also reside and/or be accessible to third parties who are contracted to deliver services to the University, such as insurance companies, banking institutions, credit-card processors and software companies. LUS’s contracts with these third parties should include provisions which LUS believes oblige these third parties to refrain from sharing or selling data supplied by LUS and to take measures to reasonably protect privacy according to University policy and law or regulation.
The Lindenwood University System does not intentionally release PII without disclosure or consent of the individual unless required by law or to comply with legal proceedings or as a matter of necessity involving risk to life or health.  The U.S. Patriot Act dictates that PII may be given to Federal agents without the knowledge or consent of the subject of the PII and that the Lindenwood University System may be restricted from informing the subject about the request.
Should a data breach occur, the Lindenwood University System may notify those individuals it considers affected, supply details about the breach LUS deems appropriate, and take measures LUS deems appropriate to minimize the impact of the breach. Following an incident, LUS operating procedures call for an internal review of events and delineation and implementation of steps to help prevent similar incidents in the future.
The Lindenwood University System encourages all its constituents (students, faculty, staff, vendors) to be knowledgeable about their own responsibility and opportunity to protect personally identifiable information.
Website Privacy
Use of the Lindenwood University website, even without reading these terms of use, will be viewed as acceptance of the terms contained within this privacy policy.
Lindenwood University and affiliated third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of www.lindenwood.edu, such as your IP address and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on www.lindenwood.edu will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify the general geographic area from which you are accessing www.lindenwood.edu. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information. We may also collect other information as described in this policy.
Website Analytics
Most sections of Lindenwood University-owned websites utilize Google Analytics to analyze website traffic on our domains. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors. Google Analytics is software that provides business insight and marketing trends without compromising the privacy of users on the web.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options.
By using the Lindenwood University website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Information You Provide
During your visit to our website, you may be prompted and choose to provide Lindenwood University information through web forms, email, or other electronic means. The information provided will be used only for communication about the relevant purpose indicated.
Any information you voluntarily provide to us, such as an email address, name, or phone number, will never be sold or traded to other colleges, universities, non-profit organizations, or businesses.
Educational Records
FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT (FERPA)
Lindenwood University complies with the protections detailed under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA or the Buckley Amendment). FERPA is a United States federal law that governs the access of educational information and records to public entities such as potential employers, publically funded educational institutions, and foreign governments.
IT HELPDESK
To submit a request email the helpdesk
(636) 255-5100 helpdesk@lindenwood.edu
Search
Search
Site Navigation
About
Expand Navigation
Quick Facts
Mission
Our Campus
News
Events
Leadership
Directories
Human Resources
Consumer Information
Diversity and Inclusion
Institutional Learning Outcomes
Advancement and Communications
Academics
Expand Navigation
Undergraduate Degrees
Evening & Graduate Degrees
Online Programs
Minors and Certificates
Professional and Continuing Education
Academic Schools
Centers & Institutes
Academic Enrichment
Beyond the Classroom
Library
Support & Resources
Graduation
Admissions
Expand Navigation
Roaring Return - Admissions FAQs
Visit Campus
Admitted Students
Freshman Admissions
Transfer Admissions
Hybrid Evening Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Online Admissions
International Admissions
Student Financial Services
Refer a Student
Secure File Transfer
Student Life
Expand Navigation
Housing & Dining
Student Groups & Activities
Health & Wellness
Sports & Recreation
First-Year Programs
Career Services
Spiritual Life
Campus Mail
Campus Security
Student Life & Diversity
Title IX Office
Athletics
Expand Navigation
LindenwoodLions.com
Athletics Giving
Sports Camps
Secondary Navigation
Canvas
Canvas
Canvas Guides
Canvas Instructor Guide
Canvas Student Guide
Portals
Faculty / Staff Portal
Involve U
LindenCircle
StarRez
Student Portal
Virtual Computer Labs
Workday
Email
Office 365
Info for
Undergraduate
Evening & Graduate
Military
Online
Alumni & Friends
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents
Pages for You
Apply Today!
Request Info
Schedule a Visit
Virtual Tour
Degrees
News
Give Online
Directions
Campus Map
Lindenwood University
209 S. Kingshighway
St. Charles, MO 63301