https://www.sensis.com.au/about/privacy?referrer=as
Sign In
Our Products
Yellow Pages
Digital Listings
Print Listings
Targeted Solutions
White Pages
White Pages Connect
White Pages Listing
Websites & Social Ads
Sensis Websites
Sensis Social Ads
Search Marketing
Sensis Search Engine Optimisation
Sensis Search Engine Marketing
Sensis Digital Display Advertising
Data Products
Sensis Data Solutions
True Local
List your Business
Get a Website
Grow Your Business
Free Ad
Old Sensis Free Listing
Other Products
True Local
Whereis
Marketing Tips
Marketing Advice
Articles
Our Videos
Useful Links
How To Guides
News and Events
Upcoming Events for Businesses
Contact Us
FAQs
Yellow Pages FAQs
White Pages FAQs
Billing FAQs
See All
Sales Enquiries
Yellow 1800 006 910
White 1800 031 668
General Enquiries
Yellow 1800 359 321
White 1800 810 211
True Local 1800 029 010
Contact Us
Get in touch
Privacy
Sensis Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacyWe take your privacy very seriously and this Privacy Policy set out what personal information we collect, how we hold it, use it, and who we might share it with.  This Policy covers Sensis Pty Ltd and its related companies (Sensis), including its subsidiaries, whose operations include publishing and distributing the Yellow Pages and White Pages directories, electronic, wireless and online consumer products, as well as offering advertising, media, marketing data solutions, data cleansing, content, location and other business services.  This Policy also incorporates our Credit Reporting Policy which covers additional information on how we manage your personal information collected in connection with a credit application, or a credit facility.
1.    The kinds of personal information we collect and holdThe kinds of personal information we collect and hold may include: contact details and identification such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data. We also may collect other data about you such as work information, occupation, date of birth and drivers licence.account credentials such as your username and passwords and similar security information used for authentication and account access.usage data such as the search terms you enter, the pages you visit, the products and services you purchase. We may also collect data about your device such as IP address, device identifiers, and data about the network, operating system, or software you use to connect to our products and services.location data when you enable location-based features of our products, we may collect location data. We may also collect location data derived from your IP address.payment data if you make a purchase such as your name, banking and credit card details.
Some information we collect might not be included in this list.  It really depends on the service or product we’re offering.2.    How we collect your personal informationThe data we collect depends on the services and products that you use. We may collect some data directly from you, such as when you create an account, or contact us for support.  We also collect “usage data” directly from you or through analytics companies.  Much of this data collection is done through the use of cookies (small text files placed on your device), and does not identify individual customers but does identify internet browser.  To make this advertising more relevant to you, we or our third party advertising companies, may collect and use information about visits to our sites and to other sites made using your computer or device.  For more information about this practice and your options, visit here.Where we do identify you (such as where you are logged into your online account), we treat any use or disclosure in accordance with this policy.We sometimes collect your information from other sources including from: your telephone service provider such as your listing details for our telephone directories;various third parties such as your representatives, credit reporting bodies, social media sites, consumers who use our products, our related companies and our syndication partners;public sources such as from information available on the internet; andorganisations we list under “When do you disclose my personal information?” (see below).
In some circumstances, if you don’t provide us with your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the product or service you want;manage or administer your product or service;personalise your experience with us;verify your identity or protect against fraud; orlet you know about other products or services that you might be interested in.
If we ever need you to give us another person’s personal information (for example, if you’d like to give someone access to your Sensis services), we’ll need you to let that person know. You can also tell them to contact us if they have any questions.3.    How we hold your informationWe store your information in hard copy or electronic format and store it in storage facilities that we own and operate ourselves, or that are owned and operated by trusted third parties. We use a combination of technical solutions, security controls and internal processes to help us protect your information and our network.We aim to keep your information only for as long as we need it e.g. for business reasons for to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements. When we no longer need the information, we take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify it.4.    How we use your personal informationWe may use your personal information to: check your identity;provide and administer our products and services, including directory services and advertising in various media;identify opportunities to help improve our products, services and technologies and improve those products, services and technologies;carry out credit checks and help prevent fraud;help us maintain and develop our business systems and infrastructure, andpromote and market services to you (sometimes even after you leave us); and
deliver targeted marketing, advertising and content from us and third parties on our websites and third party websites relevant to your interests.
If you don’t want Sensis to contact you for marketing or promotions, please call us on 1800 736 747.  And if you've received emails or SMS from us, you’ll need to follow the unsubscribe instructions within those messages for them to stop.5.    When we disclose your personal information to third partiesIn some circumstances, we might disclose your personal information to other organisations. But we only ever do this when providing services to you, or as otherwise explained in this policy. When we do this, we take all reasonable steps to keep your information secure.We also require our contracted service providers to comply with privacy and confidentiality obligations to help protect your personal information. These service providers may be based locally or overseas. They help us with tasks like: customer enquiriesmailingbilling and debt-recoveryinformation technologydata verificationmanaging your advertisingmarketing, telemarketing and salesmarket research, andwebsite analysis.
We may disclose your personal information to: your authorised representatives or advisers (when you ask us to)credit-reporting bodies for credit related purposes such as creditworthiness, credit rating or default listing;fraud-prevention organisations
our related companiesour professional advisersgovernment, regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by laworganisations who manage our business, corporate, risk and funding strategiescompanies involved in a sale of our company or assetsTelstra Corporation Limited (to help them provide directory assistance services like Directory Assistance (1223, 1234) and Call Connect (12456))telephone service providers who supply customer data for publication in our directories, andour directories and syndication partners, as permitted in our Product Contract Terms.
If you use your device’s voice-controlled assistant when using our services, anything you say will be sent to Google and may be used by Google in accordance with its privacy policy, which is available at https://policies.google.com/privacy.6.     Sharing your information outside of AustraliaIn some situations your personal information might be transferred outside of Australia. This is usually for information management and storage purposes, and most commonly occurs in the Philippines, India, United States of America, Canada, Israel, Denmark, Japan, United Kingdom, Croatia, Germany, Ireland and Singapore.  It’s important to note this list may change depending on who we partner with. But we’ll do our best to update it here when this happens.We may store your information in cloud or other types of networked or electronic systems. As electronic or networked systems can be accessed from various countries via an internet connection, it’s not always practicable to know in which country your information may be held. If your information is stored in this way, disclosures may occur in countries other than those listed.7.    Credit Reporting
When you apply for credit to buy our products and services or choose to be a guarantor, we might collect ‘credit information’ about you. Credit information is the information we may collect and give to a credit reporting body and take into consideration when you apply for or use credit.  Credit information can include:
identification informationdetails about information requests made about you to credit reporting bodiescurrent and historical details about credit applications you have made and credit arrangements you have entered intoinformation about overdue payments, default listings and about serious credit infringements and information about payments or subsequent arrangements in relation to either of thesepublicly available information like bankruptcy and court judgmentscredit scores or credit assessments.
We may use your credit information for purposes such as: to obtain credit information from credit reporting bodies;to assess your application for commercial credit;to assess whether to accept you as a guarantor of commercial credit;to collect overdue commercial credit payments;for our internal management purposes that are directly relating to the provision or management of commercial credit.
We may disclose your credit information to: our related bodies corporate, advisors,  agents, service providers, and contractors for the purposes which we may use your credit information; and
credit reporting bodies for the purposes of listing a default on your credit file.  The credit reporting body that we deal with is Equifax Australian Group Pty Ltd (website: www.mycreditfile.com.au).
We’ve arranged for Telstra to look after some of these credit operations. For this reason, information we collect on your credit may be provided to Telstra.   To see how this is managed, take a look at Telstra’s Credit Reporting Policy. It’s available here.8.    Sensis Data SolutionsSensis Data Solutions collects personal information such as your name and contact details from third party data suppliers.  If your personal information was provided to us by a data supplier, we will have sought their confirmation that they are authorised under privacy laws to provide us with your personal information for the purposes described below. We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information in order to operate our business, including to provide products and services to our customers such as marketing databases that can be used by our customers to supply information regarding products and services that may be of interest to individuals and businesses, and data cleansing to make sure our customers’ data is up-to-date and accurate.
9.    How you can access your personal informationYou can request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you by emailing us at privacy@sensis.com.au. There is no charge to submit a request, however we may apply an administrative charge for providing access but we’ll always check with your first.  If we can’t give you access or can only give you access to certain information, we’ll tell you why. 10.    How can you correct your personal informationWe do everything we can to make sure the personal information we handle is correct, complete and current. But if you do spot an error, you can let us know via the contact details below.
If the error relates to your listing, you can also follow the process set out below:
Yellow Pages:Visit my.yellow.com.au/login
and log in to your account; orFrom your listing, click the “Edit my business listing” link at the bottom of the page and log in to your account.
White Pages - Business:Visit https://help.whitepages.com.au/contact-us/update-my-business-listing/
and complete the form
White Pages - Residential:Visit https://help.whitepages.com.au/residential-listings/my-residential-listing/
for instructions
True Local:Visit https://www.truelocal.com.au/login/business-centre
and log into your account; or from our listing click ‘manage this listing’ in the top right-hand corner of your business listing page11.    Contact UsYellow Customer CarePhone:  1800 359 321Email: customercare@sensis.com.au
Contact form: https://pub.dash.sensis.com.au/contact-sensisWhite Pages Customer EnquiriesPhone: 1800 810 211Email: enquiries@whitepages.com.auContact form:  https://help.whitepages.com.au/contact-us/
True Local Customer SupportPhone: 1300 133 774Email: support@truelocal.com.au
Contact form: https://support.truelocal.com.au/hc/en-us/requests/new
For any of our other brands, please email us at privacy@sensis.com.au.12.    How to make a privacy complaintWe take the protection of our customers’ privacy very seriously.  If you believe your privacy has been breached by us, have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@sensis.com.au.We’ll aim to investigate and resolve your complaint within 30 days of receiving it. If we need more time, we will notify you about the reasons for the delay and indicate a new estimate time frame.If you’re not satisfied with our response, you may lodge a formal complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (https://www.oaic.gov.au/)13.    Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on our website. This privacy policy was last updated in July 2020.
Our Products Yellow Pages DigitalYellow Pages PrintWhite Pages NetworkSensis WebsitesSensis SEOSensis SEMSensis Social AdsSensis Digital Display AdsSensis Free AdSensis Data SolutionsTargeted SolutionsTrue Local
Get Help Yellow Pages FAQsWhite Pages FAQsSensis Free Ad FAQsRatings & Reviews FAQsBilling FAQsSensis Customer TermsBook close datesPay your bill onlineHow to respond to reviewsGetting the most from Ratings and ReviewsHow does Sensis manage listing information?Manage your book delivery
Marketing Insights Marketing AdviceUseful LinksOur Reports Our Network yellowpages.com.auyellow.com.auwhitepages.com.auwhereis.comtruelocal.com.au
About Sensis Why Choose Sensis?Our LeadershipOur Vision, purpose and valuesOur AgencyCustomer Service CommitmentSustainability and Our BooksCommunity InvestmentCareers  Contact Us Sensis Media Centre Sensis Events
SIGN IN
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Legal
© Sensis Pty Ltd 2017 (ABN 30 007 423 912)
Share by: