http://www.forsythtech.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Apply
Financial Aid
Find a course
Payment
Request Info
COVID-19 UpdatesResponse, Readiness and Resilience
Visit our COVID-19 page for more updates on our safety practices and protocols for this semester.
Dismiss Message
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Apply
Contact Us
About UsAccreditation
Events
Fast Facts
Forsyth Tech Magazine
History
Strategic Innovation and Effectiveness
Institutional Review Board
Leadership & Faculty
Faculty & Staff Directory
Board of Trustees
News
Media Info
Community Involvement
Davis iTEC Cyber Security Center
State Authorization and Complaint Resolution
Student Achievement Goals
Frequently Asked Questions About Forsyth Tech
Forsyth Tech Bond Referendum Tracker
Privacy Policy
This document describes Forsyth Technical Community College’s (hereafter referred to as Forsyth Tech) policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use the site.
Limitation on Scope of Content
The Forsyth Tech web site contains information regarding Forsyth Tech and its education and training services. All pricing information referred to in this site is in U.S. dollars.
No Representation or Warranty
Forsyth Tech reserves the right to modify the information contained in this site at any time without notice. While Forsyth Tech makes all reasonable efforts to insure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Forsyth Tech does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained in this site. This site and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind. This site may contain hypertext links to other World Wide Web sites which are completely independent of this site.
Forsyth Tech makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such hypertext link, and any hypertext link to another person or entity shall not in any manner be construed as endorsement by Forsyth Tech of such person’s or entity’s World Wide Web site, products or services. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Forsyth Tech. Forsyth Tech shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site or any information you transmitted to this site.
Normal Web Site Usage
You can visit Forsyth Tech’s web site to access education/training service information or use our online tools (online courses, etc.) without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal web site usage is the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. During normal web site usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are instances where Forsyth Tech requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data by Forsyth Tech and is used to fulfill your request. Forsyth Tech makes every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The information you provide is used by Forsyth Tech to improve the services we provide you. It is never provided to any other company for that company’s independent use.
We use third party service providers, like Freshworks Inc (“Freshworks”) to enable interaction with you on our website and/or our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, Freshworks automatically receives and records certain information of yours like device model, IP address, the type of browser being used and usage pattern through cookies and browser settings. Freshworks performs analytics on such data on our behalf which helps us improve our service to you. You can read about the cookies Freshworks’ sets in their cookie policy here.
Copyright / Trademark Ownership
The information in this site is protected by copyright. You may only use the information, text or graphics contained in this site for your personal use and may not reproduce, adapt, or publish it, in whole or in part, for any purpose without the express written consent of Forsyth Tech. The Forsyth Tech logo may not be used, downloaded, copied or distributed in any way.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Forsyth Tech Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to change Forsyth Tech’s Online Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice or consent.
Contact Us
Employment
Accessibility
Privacy
Emergency Operations Plan
Annual Security Report
Emergency Policy
Email Access
Employee Listing
Career Coach
Title IX
Share Your Story
The FORSe 105.1 College radio station
Main Campus 2100 Silas Creek Parkway
Winston-Salem, NC 27103
336.723.0371
See All Locations »
Live Chat
© Copyright 2007-2020. All rights reserved, Forsyth Technical Community College.