https://www.ceai.org/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: August 3, 2020
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.ceai.org website (the “website”) operated by CEAI (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of our website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use our website.
By accessing or using our website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access our website.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us with information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our website.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access our website and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our website or a third-party website.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
Our website and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of CEAI and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our website may contain links to third-party web sites or websites that are not owned or controlled by CEAI.
CEAI has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or websites. You further acknowledge and agree that CEAI shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through our websites.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our website immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use our website will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using our website.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of our website is at your sole risk. Our website is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Our website is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our website, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the website.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision to this material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our website after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Share
Tweet
Share
Pin
Not a Member?
Join the Movement
CEAI is a 501 (c)3 Religious Non-Profit
Terms and Conditions – Privacy Policy
Home
About
About Us
Ministry Partners
Contact Us
What’s New
Membership With Coverage
Job Action Protection
Professional Liability Insurance
CEAI Member Insurance Program
No-Cost Term Life Insurance
Discounts & Deals
Travel
Online Degrees & Tuition Discounts
Credit Union
Affinity4 Internet – Long Distance
Membership Fees
Resources
Resource Center
Service Request
Ask An Attorney
Ask An Educator
CEAI Mobile App
Daily Devotionals
Prayer Request
Around The Word In 180 Days
1:16 PM Prayer Initiative
FAQs
Teachers of Vision Magazine
Union Issues
Union Issues
Union Frequently Asked
Questions
Events
LIFT America
SavED by Grace Blog
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Read our Privacy Policy if you haven't already.
Close