https://www.dltk-kids.com/terms-of-service.htm
DLTK-Kids
Search
New 25
Top 10
Welcome to www.dltk-kids.com, a group of websites (the "Sites")
owned and operated by DLTK's Inc. ("DLTK").  The Sites or any
product or service offered on the Sites (collectively the "Services")
are provided by DLTK, conditional on your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of use set out below (the "Terms and Conditions of Use").
Your use of the Sites shall constitute your binding acceptance of the
Terms and Conditions of Use.
DLTK reserves the right to modify or amend the Terms and Conditions
of Use without notice at any time.  As such, it is important that the
Terms and Conditions of Use be read on a regular basis so that you are
aware of any such changes.
By accessing any part of the Sites, you agree to be bound by these
Terms and Conditions of Use.
1.
Copyright and Trade-marks
(also see copyright
notice)
The Sites and the Content are protected as a collective work pursuant
to Canadian copyright laws, international conventions, and other
copyright laws.  You may not modify, distribute, display, reverse
engineer, perform, reproduce, create derivative works from or in any way
exploit any of the Content.  Subject to your compliance with these Terms
and Conditions of Use, you may print and use the Content for your
personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you do not change or
delete any author attribution, trade-mark, legend, copyright notice, or
other proprietary notices.  For clarity, the Content may be used by
daycares, schools, churches, camps, grandparents, moms, nannies,
children, librarians (and yes, even dads!), provided that you do not
sell, republish, post, transmit, store or distribute the Content for a
commercial purpose.  You agree that you cannot download, copy or use the
Content for uses other than the permitted uses described above without
the express prior, written consent of DLTK and, as applicable, our
licensor(s).  You acknowledge and agree that you do not acquire any
ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
The DLTK name, logos and slogans are trade-marks and copyrights of
DLTK.
2.
User Conduct
The Sites are intended to be used for lawful purposes only, and only
for purposes relevant to the Content available through the Sites.
Without limitation, your use of the Sites is conditioned on your
compliance with the guidelines set forth in this section, as well as any
rules and guidelines that may be posted on particular sections of the
Sites, and any failure to comply with such guidelines may result in
termination of your access to the Sites.  You acknowledge that DLTK may
investigate any violations of law and may cooperate with law enforcement
authorities in prosecuting users in this regard.  Additionally, you agree
not to post or transmit any material or content on or through the Sites:
that violate or infringe in any way upon the rights of others;
that solicits, encourages, or promotes the use of illegal
substances or activities;
which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory,
libellous, derogatory, degrading, invasive of privacy or publicity
rights, fraudulent or tortious, vulgar, obscene, bigoted or hateful,
intimidating, profane, scandalous, pornographic, indecent or
otherwise objectionable;
that is protected by copyright, trade-mark, trade secret
or any other proprietary right;
that expresses or implies that any statements you make are
endorsed by DLTK, without our prior written consent; or
that gives rise to civil or criminal liability, encourages
conduct that constitutes a criminal offence or otherwise violates
any local, provincial, state or federal law.
You may not post or transmit on or through the Sites:
advertising or commercial solicitations;
promotional materials
relating to other websites or online services which are competitive with
DLTK and/or the Sites;
software or other materials that contain
so-called viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or
disruptive component;
political campaign materials; chain
letters; mass mailings; spam mail;
any robot, spider, site
search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or
process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or
circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Sites or
their Content; or
any material, non-public information about a
company without the proper authorization to do so.
In connection with
your use of the Sites, you may not:
engage in, or encourage or
provide instructional materials relating to, any activity on the Sites
that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the
Sites such as "hacking," "cracking," "spoofing," or defacing any portion
of the Sites;
harvest or collect information about the Sites'
visitors without their express consent;
use the Sites to defame,
abuse, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others
or for any fraudulent purpose;
violate our copyright policy;
interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Sites or the servers
or networks used to make the Sites available; or violate any
requirements, procedures, policies or regulations -of such networks;
impersonate any person or entity, including any representative of
DLTK;
falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation
with any person or entity in connection with the Sites;
remove
any copyright, trade-mark or other proprietary rights notice from the
Sites or materials originating from the Sites.
3.  User
Submissions/Ideas Contributed by DLTK Viewers
You may provide comments, including craft suggestions, to DLTK's Inc.  By Facebook, by e-mail or otherwise.  If you provide
comments to DLTK's Inc., DLTK's Inc. shall be entitled, but not in any
way obliged to make available all or parts of your comments with
unmodified or modified content on the DLTK's Inc.  Web Sites.  In so
doing, DLTK's Inc.  Will label the comments, without mentioning your last
name, as third party comment or in another appropriate way.  DLTK's Inc.
will not mention your last name, unless you have expressly agreed
otherwise.  If you provide comments to DLTK's Inc.  You agree to grant
DLTK's Inc.  All necessary rights, if any, to use, reproduce, distribute,
modify, and publicly display your comments on the DLTK's Inc.  Website
for an unlimited period of time.
At any time, if you wish to have
content that you hold the copyright to removed, just let us know and we
will do so.
You further agree that you will not, in connection with
user contributions, submit material that is contrary to these Terms and
Conditions of Use or applicable local, national, and international laws
and regulations.
4.  Internet Communications
The Internet is not a
fully-secure medium and is subject to possible interception, loss,
corruption, or alteration of communication.  DLTK is not liable for any
damages resulting from the transmission, interception or corruption of
communications to or from the Sites.
5.  Liability Disclaimer
ALL
CONTENT AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" AND IN GOOD FAITH BY DLTK.  WHILE DLTK WILL USE BEST EFFORTS TO
PRESENT CURRENT, ACCURATE AND PERTINENT INFORMATION, IT DOES NOT MAKE
ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN
RELATION TO ALL OR ANY PART OF THE SITES OR THE CONTENT AND ALL
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW.  DLTK DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE,
RELIABLE OR CORRECT, THAT THE SITES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR
TIME OR LOCATION, THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT
THE CONTENT IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  FURTHER,
NOTHING ON THE SITES CONSTITUTES ADVICE, NOR SHOULD THE SITES, OR ANY
PART THEREOF, BE RELIED UPON IN MAKING, OR REFRAINING FROM MAKING, ANY
DECISION.
USE OF THE SITES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.  TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DLTK HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY (HOWSOEVER
ARISING) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ALL OR ANY PART OF THE
SITES OR THE CONTENT, OR ANY ACTION TAKEN (OR REFRAINED FROM BEING
TAKEN) AS A RESULT OF USING ANY OF THE FOREGOING.
DLTK SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
6.  Privacy
DLTK
respects the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information.
DLTK does not collect your personal information, except where you
provide such information in the course of using the Sites.  By submitting
personal information to DLTK, you acknowledge and agree that you have
consented to the collection, use and disclosure of that personal
information as specified on any collection form.  The general policies of
DLTK with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal
information are reflected in DLTK's privacy policy, found at
https://www.dltk-kids.com/privacy.htm (the "Privacy Policy") and
any questions in that regard may be directed to DLTK's privacy officer
(as identified in the Privacy Policy).  Should DLTK change its Privacy
Policy, the revised policy will be posted prominently on the Sites, or
it will be otherwise brought to your attention.
7.  Submission of
Ideas and Suggestions
DLTK is always modifying the Sites and
developing new features.  If you have ideas or suggestions regarding
improvements or additions, DLTK would like to hear them, provided any
submission will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use.  Under no
circumstance shall any disclosure of any idea or suggestion be subject
to any obligation of confidentiality or expectation of compensation.  By
submitting the idea or suggestion you are waiving any and all rights
that you may have in the idea or suggestion and are representing and
warranting to DLTK that the idea or suggestion is wholly original to
you, that no one else has any rights in the idea or suggestion and that
DLTK is free to implement the idea or suggestion if it so desires, as
provided or as modified by DLTK, without obtaining permission or license
from any third party.
8.  Third Party Sites
The Sites contain links
to third-party web sites.  These links are provided solely as a
convenience to you and not as an endorsement by DLTK of the contents of
such third-party web sites.  DLTK is not responsible for the content of
any third-party web site, nor does it make any representation or
warranty of any kind regarding any third-party web site including,
without limitation (i) any representation or warranty regarding the
legality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, suitability
of any content on any third-party web site; (ii) any representation or
warranty regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose of any material, content, software, goods or services located at
or made available through such third-party web sites; or (iii) any
representation or warranty that the operation of the third-party web
sites will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects or errors in
such third-party websites will be corrected or that such third-party
websites will be free from viruses or other harmful components.
9.
Cookies and Web Beacons
To enhance your experience with the Sites,
DLTK reserves the right to use "cookies" ("Cookies"). Cookies are text
files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell DLTK your e-mail address or other
personal information unless you choose to provide this information to
DLTK.  However, once you choose to furnish the Sites with personal
information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the
Cookie.
DLTK uses Cookies to understand Site(s) usage and to improve
the content and offerings on the Sites.  For example, we may use Cookies
to personalize your experience at the Sites (e.g., to recognize you by
name when you return to the Sites), or save your password in
password-protected areas.  We also may use Cookies to offer you products
or services.
"Web beacons" or clear .gifs are small pieces of code
placed on a web page to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the
visitors viewing a web page.  For example, web beacons can be used to
count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a Cookie to the
browser of a visitor viewing that page.  We may use web beacons on the
Sites from time to time for this and other purposes.
10. Changes to
Terms and Conditions of Use
DLTK reserves the right to modify, add
to, delete from, alter or update the Terms and Conditions of Use (each a
"Change") without notice at any time.  Any Changes will be posted to this
page and it is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of any
such Change from time to time. Changes will become effective 30 days
after they are first posted and you will be deemed to have accepted any
Changes if you continue to access the Sites after that time.  These terms
and conditions are dated August 14, 2013.
11. Governing Law
The Terms and Conditions of Use shall be deemed to have been made and
performed exclusively in Alberta and shall be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta and
the federal laws of Canada applicable therein without regard to conflict
of laws principles.  You agree to submit to the exclusive forum,
jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Alberta for any claim related to
the Terms and Conditions of Use and you agree not to bring any action,
suit or proceeding against DLTK, its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates and other related entities, agents, representatives,
successors and assigns in any jurisdiction other than Alberta.
12. General
The Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire
agreement between you and DLTK with respect to the use of the Sites.
DLTK's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any
provision of the Terms and Conditions of Use shall not be construed as a
waiver of any provision or right of DLTK.
ALL RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY
GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED
report this ad
Contact Us  •
Privacy Policy  •
Terms of Service  •
Copyright © 1998-2020 DLTK's Sites - All Rights Reserved
Thank you for visiting DLTK's Sites!
x
x