http://www.baroutlines.com/privacy
For your state
Select your state
*MBE
*MPRE
Alabama Bar Exam
Arizona Bar Exam
Arkansas Bar Exam
California Bar Exam
Colorado Bar Exam
Connecticut Bar Exam
DC Bar Exam
Florida Bar Exam
Georgia Bar Exam
Guam Bar Exam
Hawaii Bar Exam
Idaho Bar Exam
Illinois Bar Exam
Indiana Bar Exam
Iowa Bar Exam
Kentucky Bar Exam
Louisiana Bar Exam
Maryland Bar Exam
Massachusetts Bar Exam
Michigan Bar Exam
Mississippi Bar Exam
Missouri Bar Exam
Montana Bar Exam
Nebraska Bar Exam
Nevada Bar Exam
New Hampshire Bar Exam
New Jersey Bar Exam
New Mexico Bar Exam
New York Bar Exam
North Carolina Bar Exam
North Dakota Bar Exam
Ohio Bar Exam
Pennsylvania Bar Exam
Rhode Island Bar Exam
South Carolina Bar Exam
South Dakota Bar Exam
Tennessee Bar Exam
Texas Bar Exam
Utah Bar Exam
Virginia Bar Exam
Washington Bar Exam
West Virginia Bar Exam
Wisconsin Bar Exam
Wyoming Bar Exam
Site Navigation
Home FAQ Privacy Guarantee Contact Us
Applicant Login
Username:
Password:
Privacy Statement
Your Privacy
As you would expect from a not for profit legal education provider, BarOutlines.com respects the privacy of our visitors, members and partners.
Any and all information collected through interaction with this site is treated with the utmost care.
Translation: We respect your privacy and any personal information you share with us will be kept safe and confidential.
BarOutline.com’s Privacy Guarantee
BarOutlines.com asks members to supply various personal data when registering, such as name and address, credit-card information, and E-mail address. We use this data only for the purpose of completing the one time approved financial transaction. No confidential data (credit card number, etc) is stored on our systems.
We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations only when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so in order to comply with the law or to protect against fraud.
We will also release such information to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the requesting law enforcement or government agency to formally serve us with a subpoena), comply with all valid court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Except for the circumstances set forth in the previous paragraph, we will not knowingly distribute member information to be used in third party mailing lists, surveys, or any other purpose other than what is required to perform our services.
Translation: We will not SPAM you. We will not sell or share your information. We will not store your credit card information on our systems.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
During registration, BarOutlines.com must collect the member’s name, email address, mailing address and in some cases phone number, credit card number, and expiration date.
This allows us to process and fulfill orders and provide notification of the order status.
Translation: We use the information you provide us only to contact you regarding your membership and to mail you product.
How does BarOutlines.com protect members information?
Members who register through BarOutlines.com are registering on a secure server, which encrypts all of the member’s personal information including name, address and credit card number. Encryption ensures that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
Our registration system was implemented by in-house personnel with security as its number one priority. This single entry point allows BarOutlines.com to maintain the tightest access control – eliminating (rather than closing) the backdoor.
BarOutlines.com has made an investment in protecting our members’ and partners’ information utilizing the following technologies:
Firewall
Firewalls allow the use of authenticated access and can prevent certain types of traffic from entering the private network. Customizing the firewall according to the network topology is essential to having a useful firewall protection mechanism.
SSL (Secure Socket Layers)
Because we accept sensitive information from end-users such as passwords and credit card numbers, BarOutlines.com’s site uses SSL. This logic encrypts the data being sent to the server from the browser using high-level encryption technology. Once the data is received from members on the BarOutlines.com Network, it may be required that the data be maintained for a certain period of time inside our private network. Encrypting the data means it cannot be viewed in plain text.
What about cookies?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. BarOutline.com’s cookies are used only to identify the member, not to identify any specific member traits. These cookies do not store sensitive data. This enables a more pleasant experience with BarOutlines.com every time you visit with us.
Translation:We do everything we can to keep your data private and will continue to improve as technology evolves.
Home
|
FAQ
|
Privacy
|
Guarantee
|
Contact Us