http://www.pbha.org/privacy-policy
HOME > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
admin
June 8, 2015
Facebook
Twitter
Email
About Us
Mission and Impact
Our History
Cabinet and Governance
Officers and Board
Staff
FAQ
Programs
Get Involved
Apply to Volunteer
Community Calendar
For Students
For Program Participants
For Alumni & Supporters
Jobs & Internships
Events
Stories
Donate
The Phillips Brooks House Association (PBHA)  respects the privacy of its online visitors. We do not collect personally identifiable information (name, address, phone number, email, etc.) from visitors without their knowledge. Visitors may use our site freely without identifying themselves.
Collection and use of personal information
PBHA collects personal information on our website for specific reasons. Examples of these include volunteer applications, newsletter sign ups, and donation processing. The personally identifiable information (name, address, phone number, e-mail, etc.) collected for these services is only used for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, if a visitor fills out a job application, that visitor will not receive other information irrelevant to jobs at PBHA, unless the visitor specifically elects to receive such information.
We do not distribute information we collect
PBHA does not disclose personal information to any third parties unless required to do so by law. We do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share mailing lists or database information.
Cookies and other technical information
We collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for reporting purposes. From time to time, we may use this information to better design our website and to share with select advertising partners, sponsors, and/or affiliates. IP addresses are not linked to personal information.
Children’s privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect information provided by users under the age of 13, nor do we solicit information from users under the age of 13.
Email newsletter opt out
You may opt in to receive email newsletters, announcements, and other useful information from PBHA. To opt out of our email newsletters, please use the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each email.
Third party websites
Although this policy applies to all the information obtained by you for the purpose of accessing or using content controlled and owned by PBHA, it does not apply to businesses or entities that are not owned or controlled by us. This website contains links to third party websites. Please be aware that PBHA does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third party sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to take reasonable precautions when sharing your personally identifiable information on third party websites.
Amendments
PBHA reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. PBHA will post a notice of changes on its website, if and when the terms of this policy are amended.
Contact
You may contact PBHA directly by emailing pbha@pbha.org should you have any questions regarding this policy.