http://www.booksys.com/privacy-policy
You are hereHome
Contact Book Systems
Call: (800) 219-6571Email: sales@booksys.com
Upcoming Events
Conference Schedule
Due to COVID-19
There are no scheduled events at this time.
Please check back with us for future updates!
Customer Login
Username: *
Password: *
New Customer? Request a login
Request new password
Privacy Policy
Book Systems is committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone number, etc.). Book Systems has established the following privacy policy. This policy demonstrates the care with which we will treat your information.
In general, you can visit www.booksys.com without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
We track the Internet address of various domains to analyze data for trends and statistics, but the individual user always remains anonymous.
How does Book Systems website collect information?
Book Systems collects information through IP addresses. These addresses are unique identifiers used to help us diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site tracking.
Does Book Systems collect personal information?
Book Systems does not house or collect any personal information unless you knowingly and willingly provide it.
Does Book Systems share information with other parties?
No. Book Systems never shares any personal information with anyone.
Does Book Systems have a Customer Privacy and Security Policy for their hosting services?
Yes.  To view and access our Customer Privacy and Security Policy, click here.
Disclosure:
Book Systems will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for or use of a Book Systems online service, including customer names and addresses, without the consent of the customer (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal processes or in the case of imminent physical harm to the customer or others).
Success Story
Wayne Rush
"Atriuum had everything we wanted and more. I couldn’t believe how much was in the system and the price was very...
read more »
See more Success Stories