http://www.caux.ch/privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Important Legal Notices, Disclaimer and Terms of Use
Please read our disclaimer before preceding
Your access and use of the site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions. By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions, please do not access the Site.
The Foundation CAUX- Initiatives of Change (CAUX - IofC) may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore visit this page before each access to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Terms and Conditions
CAUX - IofC maintains this website and/or any pages thereof (the ‘Site’) for general information purposes only. CAUX - IofC reserves the right to delete, modify or supplement the content of this Site at any time for any reason without notification to anyone.
No Warranty and No Liability
Although CAUX - IofC is making reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information in this site, it makes no representations, warranties or assurance as to the accuracy, currency, completeness, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the information provided. CAUX - IofC shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages, loss or injury resulting from your access to, use or inability to access this Site, or from your reliance on any information provided at this Site. In particular, CAUX - IofC shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer and software equipment, loss of data or other property on account of your access.
This site may contain third party information and links to third parties. CAUX - IofC does not express any opinion on the content of such third party information and sites, nor does it assume responsibility for its contents. Your access to and use of any of such sites is at your own risk. CAUX - IofC expressly disclaims any liability for third party information and sites and it shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damages, loss or injury resulting from your access to, use or inability to access such sites, or from your reliance on any information provided at those sites.
Terms of Use
When not indicated, the content of this site is the property of CAUX - IofC and you should assume that everything made available on the site is protected by Swiss and international intellectual property law. The trademarks, logos, service marks, trade names, trade dress and products featured in this Site are protected as well. The images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by CAUX - IofC. No use of any of the forgoing may be made without the prior written authorization of CAUX - IofC and nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right in or to any of the forgoing. In particular, any downloading or otherwise copying from the site will not transfer title to any software or material to you.
Permission is given to download or print out a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of the site for personal use only, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. If not clearly indicated, the reproduction, modification, permanent storage, retransmission (by electronic means, linking into other sites, or otherwise), distribution and/or any commercial use of the contents of the Site is prohibited without the prior written consent of CAUX - IofC.
Communication, Information and Privacy
You acknowledge that the internet is an open network and transmission of information over the internet is not controlled by CAUX - IofC.
To fill out and access online applications you might need to create your own password. Any application will be treated confidentially. It will not be circulated outside CAUX - IofC and its external review network, whose experts themselves are asked to treat the application confidentially.
The sender of any communications to this Site or otherwise to CAUX - IofC shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness, legality and accuracy, as well as for the safety of the transmission. You agree to be fully responsible for and indemnify CAUX - IofC from and against any and all liabilities, damages arising out of or claims resulting from your use of the Site and the access from your connection to the Site.
This site has embedded cookies which allow to track browsing patterns. This technology does not collect personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information, however, including but not limited to names, addresses, e-mail addresses and the like, which are voluntarily provided via this Site may be collected by CAUX - IofC and processed for businesses purposes.
In compliance with Swiss Data Protection law, you have the right to object to these data being used for the above-mentioned marketing purposes. You are also entitled to examine the personal data relating to you and, if necessary, have them corrected.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction
You agree that the laws of Switzerland, without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof, will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Site. In case of a dispute, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Lucerne, Switzerland.