http://www.mdsg.umd.edu/policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Copyright/Disclaimer Statement
All text, images, logos, and information contained on this website are the intellectual property of Maryland Sea Grant (part of the University System of Maryland) unless otherwise registered and protected under the U.S. Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. 101-810. Copyright gives the owner exclusive right to reproduce, distribute, perform, display, or license a given work. Whether or not a website includes a statement about copyright, the U.S. Copyright Act provides protection for such works, and they may not be used or reproduced without permission.
Privacy Policy
Maryland Sea Grant is committed to protecting the privacy and security needs of those who visit our website and who purchase products from our website. All sensitive information collected is encrypted during transit to and from our servers. Financial information (like credit card numbers) for any purchases or donations is encrypted by a secure University of Maryland site, which processes our shopping cart transactions.
We do not share mailing lists, other information, or financial information collected through our website with any company or other organization. This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Maryland Sea Grant is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information on the domain www.mdsg.umd.edu.
Main Menu (levels 2-3)
Welcome and Mission
Our Achievements
Employment
Our Office / Directory
Donate
Privacy Policy
Program Announcements
Knauss legislative fellowships in Congress help build careers — and they're fun and educational. See our video and fact sheet for details.
Maryland Sea Grant has program development funds for start-up efforts or strategic support for emerging areas of research. Apply here.
Upper-level undergraduates are invited to apply for the Maryland Sea Grant REU program. This is a great opportunity to conduct research with a mentor and spend a summer by the Chesapeake Bay. Apply Here
Maryland Sea Grant will host a webinar to discuss expectations for research projects as well as developing the outreach sections of the pre- and full proposals. December 14 at noon. Register here.
Graduate Students: Apply for the Knauss Marine Policy fellowship program through February 19.
The Maryland Sea Grant College seeks pre-proposals for its next funding cycle, February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2024. Find out more here.
News and Blogs
November 23, 2020
Cultivating Culture: Highlighting the resiliency of shellfish farmers and watermen in uncertain times
October 27, 2020
Chesapeake Quarterly: We’d like to hear from you
September 29, 2020
Turning the Tide: New film highlights work of the Chesapeake Bay Sentinel Site Cooperative
Video Gallery
Sea Grant Film Explores a Diminishing Smithville
Smithville is a community on Maryland’s Eastern Shore, on the edge of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. A century ago, Smithville had more than 100 residents. Today, it has four, in two homes: an elderly couple, and one elderly woman and her son, who cares for her.
More Videos • Read More
Featured Fellow
Anna WindleAnna Windle uses satellites and drones to study water quality in Chesapeake Bay. In her spare time, Anna enjoys swimming, biking, and running to train for triathlons.
Read more
Featured Research Project
Discrimination of Phytoplankton Taxa in the Optically Complex Waters of Chesapeake Bay
A spectral library of remote sensing reflectance for major phytoplankton taxonomic groups in the Chesapeake Bay will be developed using measured and modeled inherent optical properties as inputs into radiative transfer equations (HydroLight TM). The spectral library will be used to develop a phytoplankton discrimination algorithm in order to distinguish major phytoplankton taxa and sediment types in Chesapeake Bay waters.
Read more
The Blue Crab: Callinectes Sapidus
An essential resource for researchers, students, and managers.  Get your copy today!
Chesapeake Quarterly Magazine
Chesapeake Quarterly June 2020
View Current Issue
Subscribe
5825 University Research Court, Suite 1350 | College Park, MD 20740 | Phone: (301) 405-7500 | Fax: (301) 314-5780 | Contact Us
About Us
Welcome and Mission
Our Achievements
Employment
Our Office / Directory
Donate
Privacy Policy
Research
Our Priorities
Funding
For Funded Researchers
eSeaGrant Portal
Current Research Projects — list
Search Research Projects
Search Research Publications
Education
Our Programs
K-12 Resources
Research Experiences for Undergraduates
Puerto Rico Undergraduate Education Initiative
Undergraduate Multimedia Internship
Graduate Fellowships
Fellowship Experiences: A Students' Blog
Communities
Our Services
Coastal Climate Resilience
Economics
Fisheries and Aquaculture
Seafood Safety and Technology
Water Issues and Restoration
Bay Issues
Bay Issues Guide
Ecosystems and Restoration
How You Can Help
Chesapeake Bay Facts and Figures
Crabs, Oysters, Other Animals
Coastal Flooding and Climate Change
Water Safety
Bay Culture
©2020 Maryland Sea Grant. All rights reserved.