http://www.umuc.edu/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy.cfm
Skip to Main Content
More +
Alumni
Donors
Media
Donate to UMGC
Events
News
Locations +
U.S. Locations
UMGC Asia
UMGC Europe
Learn Online
Transcripts
Log In
855-655-8682
Get Help
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Apply NowRequest Info
Terms and Conditions
UMGC For …
Prospective Students
Current Students
Administration
Partners
Alumni
Donors
Media
Log In
Academic Programs
Academic Programs
Academic Programs Business & Management Cyber Security Data Analytics Education & Teaching Healthcare & Science IT & Computer Science Liberal Arts & Communication Public Safety
Bachelor's Degrees Undergraduate Certificates Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees
Compare Programs
About Online Learning Open Educational Resources General Education Requirements
Resources Program Comparison Tool Schedule of Classes Catalogs Related Links Academic Calendar Academic Programs for Military & Veterans Legacy Academic Programs Learning Resources
Transfers & Credits
Transfers & Credits
Transfer & Credits Transfer Credits Credit from Colleges & Universities Credit from Community Colleges Credit from International Study
Fast Paths to Credit Prior Learning Workplace Learning Military Education & Training Credit by Exam Professional Courses & Industry Certifications Vocational & Technical Training
3D Scholars Program for Prince George's County		public high school students Community College Alliances Reverse Transfer Program Transfer Events
Resources Estimate Your Credits Transfer FAQs Related Links Program Comparison Tool Completion Scholarship Submit Your Transcripts
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid Tuition Qualifying for In-State Rates
Estimate Costs
Ways to Finance Your Education Federal Financial Aid Employer Tuition Assistance Military & Veterans Benefits Monthly Payment Plan
Scholarships Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college graduates Scholarship Finder COVID-19 Financial Resources
Tools Time and Tuition Estimator Resources How to Apply for Aid Costs & Tuition FAQs Related Links Federal Employee Discount Qualifying for Military Tuition Rate Finances
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans Steps to Apply Academic Programs Transfer Credits Careers
UMGC for Military & Veterans Military Awards & Affiliations Our Students & Alumni Our Faculty & Staff VetSuccess on Campus Worldwide & Regional Military Locations
Education Benefits & Financial Aid Military Tuition Rate Eligibility Tuition Assistance Housing Allowance Scholarships Financial Aid & Payment Plans Certification of Benefits
Resources Vessey Veterans Resource Center Military & Veterans FAQs
About UMGC
About UMGC
UMUC is now UMGC About UMGC Why Choose UMGC Regional Accreditation University System of Maryland Membership UMGC for Federal Employees
Awards & Recognition Mission & History Brand Guidelines
About Our Students Student Services About Our Faculty
Related Links Events Leadership and Governance Locations Military Awards & Affiliations News COVID-19 FAQs for Current Students
Admissions
Admissions
Admissions Steps to Apply Admissions Requirements
Students Educated Abroad Returning Students
Academic Calendar Admissions Events Flexible Scheduling What's Next: After You Apply Take Placement Tests Register for Your First Classes
Resources Admissions FAQs Tools Schedule of Classes Related Links Submit Your Transcripts Steps to Apply for Military & Veterans Steps to Apply for Federal Employees
Apply Now
Request Info
?
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Home Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies solely to the collection of personal information on official University of Maryland Global Campus (the "university") websites. Official university websites use the "umgc.edu" and "umuc.edu" domains, including www.umgc.edu and www.umuc.edu. Links to third-party websites are provided for convenience only and should not be interpreted as endorsement or ownership of content or policies. The university encourages website users to review the privacy policies of each website they visit.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The university uses information available in website server logs, such as network connection details, IP addresses, date and time, and content accessed to analyze trends, to create summary reporting for troubleshooting or design purposes, and to identify performance or problem areas.
The university does not normally link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, so that the identity of users remains anonymous to the university but not, for example, the time users log on, log off and how long they visit any one site.
The university also uses Google Analytics and similar measurement tools to understand how visitors find university websites and content and how they interact with them. We use this information to improve the user experience on the website and to optimize our marketing efforts. While the university uses various first- and third-party tools to collect and report visit data, these data are collected to measure university website and advertising performance and to inform future content and functionality development.
The university may use non-personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses and other data collected through university web sites and other university Computing Resources 1) for purposes of system administration, 2) to ascertain demographics and visitor usability, 3) to enforce compliance with law and University System of Maryland (USM) or university policies, including but not limited to university Policy 270.00 Acceptable Use, Policy 151.00 Code of Student Conduct, Policy 150.25 Academic Integrity, and Policy 150.50 Scholarly Misconduct and/or 4) to enforce university Human Resources and Faculty policies
Personally Identifiable Information
Generally, the university does not automatically collect the identity of individual users of or visitors to university websites. The university uses personally identifiable information, provided by you, such as name and contact information, to respond to requests for information about university services, opportunities, and events and to provide information about new university services, opportunities, and events.
If you are asked to provide personal information on a university website form, you will be notified of
the purpose for which the personal information is collected (for example, you may be asked to provide contact information so the university can respond to a request for more information)
any specific consequences for refusing to provide the information
your rights to inspect, amend, or correct personal records, if any
whether responses to personal information requests are required or voluntary
whether the personal information is generally available for public inspection
whether the personal information is made available or transferred to or shared with any entity
University website forms use invisible reCAPTCHA, a Google security tool that verifies the authenticity of form submissions. As such, you are subject to Google's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy when you submit university website forms.
Unless otherwise notified, information provided to the university may be shared among offices within the university and with the USM and outside entities as necessary or appropriate in the conduct of legitimate university business and consistent with applicable law. Because the university is a State educational institution, such information may also be subject to disclosure under the Maryland Access to Public Records Act (Public Records Act). Individuals may inspect and/or correct their personal information as provided by the Public Records Act or applicable university policy.
The university may use personally identifiable information and other data collected through the use of university web sites and other university Computing Resources 1) for purposes of system administration, 2) to ascertain demographics and visitor usability, 3) to enforce compliance with law and USM or university policies, including but not limited to university Policy 270.00 Acceptable Use, Policy 151.00 Code of Student Conduct, Policy 150.25 Academic Integrity, and Policy 150.50 Scholarly Misconduct and/or 4) to enforce university Human Resources and Faculty policies.
Enrolled Student Information
Personally identifiable information about enrolled students is protected by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), administered by the U.S. Department of Education. Learn more about UMGC's compliance with FERPA in Policy 210.14 "Disclosure of Student Records."
Cookies
The university websites, Google Analytics, and selected third-party online advertising networks store small fragments of text, called "cookies," in the visitor's web browser with limited information such as how the visitor was directed to the website (for example, from an advertisement), which advertisement was displayed to the visitor, whether the visitor has submitted a form, or how recently the visitor last accessed university websites.
The university uses these cookies to measure the performance of university websites and advertising, to provide interest-based advertising messages, and to inform development of new content, functionality, or services. Please review your Internet browser's help file for instructions on rejecting or deleting cookies.
Please note: Some website pages and applications that use cookies may not function properly, may provide less relevant information, or may be slower if cookies are rejected.
Advertising
The university partners with third-parties to display advertising on other websites and to measure performance of that advertising on other sites.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show university advertising on sites across the Internet.
The university uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to display online advertising.
The university uses Remarketing with third-party social networks to display online advertising.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements based on a visitor's past visits to university websites.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how the university's ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to university websites.
The university uses data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics to report, optimize, and deliver interest-based advertisements.
European Union's General Data Protection Regulations (EU GDPR)
Individuals located in Europe should use the Data Protection Officer (DPO) contact information provided below to request information or take action based on the rights granted under EU GDPR. The university will assist you in learning more about what we do with your personal information and the purpose for which it is used as well as obtaining copies of the information we have about you. In addition, you can have incorrect information corrected or have information deleted if its storage is impermissible or is no longer needed.
Data Security
The university will take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. The university strives to implement security measures that protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of data collected. The university maintains a computer security policy.
Not all transmissions to and from university websites are secure; some website pages may not encrypt or decrypt data sent to or from the website. In addition, email messages sent to university email addresses are subject to interception. Please contact the university by telephone or postal mail if you do not wish to provide personal information electronically.
Opting Out
For convenience, visit our opt-out page to opt out of marketing communications and/or targeted advertising.
Contact Information
The university's DPO is available to receive any questions or suggestions from you on this Privacy Policy or more generally, on the topic of data privacy.
Shaun Graham
Data Protection Officer
dpo@umgc.edu
855-227-0926
Changes to This Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on July 11, 2019. Any changes or amendments to this policy will be updated on this page. Advances in technology, legal developments, and new policies and practices may necessitate changes in or updates to this privacy statement. We reserve the right to change this policy without notice. It is the responsibility of the user to check this page for any changes to this policy.
The discount for Federal employees and their spouses and eligible dependents will be applied to out-of-state tuition and specialty graduate programs. It does not apply to doctoral programs. This discount cannot be combined with the Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college students or the Pennsylvania Completion Scholarship.Undergraduate and standard graduate program tuition for students who meet the criteria for Maryland residency will be the applicable in-state rate. Tuition for active-duty military; members of the Selected Reserves, National Guard, and the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and the spouses and dependents of these student groups will be the applicable military or specialty rate. If you are a student using Post 9/11 benefits, please contact an advisor at 800-939-8682 to determine if you can apply both benefits.
View important information about the education debt, earnings, and completion rates of students enrolled in certificate programs.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled. Tuition rates are subject to the approval of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents. They may be changed, or other charges may be included, as a result of the Board of Regents decisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this or any other university publication, the university reserves the right to make changes in tuition, fees and other charges at any time such changes are deemed necessary by the university and the USM Board of Regents.The Board of Regents has authorized the university to charge a student's delinquent account for all collection costs incurred by the university. The normal collection fee is 17 percent plus attorney and/or court costs. The service charge for a dishonored check is $30. Requests for services (for example, transcripts, diplomas, registration) will be denied until all debts are paid.Please see the Policy on Student Classification for Admission and Tuition Purposes for specific details about residency requirements.Financial aid and tuition remission for University System of Maryland employees cannot be applied to noncredit courses. Golden ID benefits may not be applied to fees, noncredit courses, specialty graduate programs, or doctoral programs. Regular tuition rates apply for cooperative education, course challenge examinations, and EXCEL 301.
GI Bill is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. More information about education benefits offered by VA is available on the U.S. government GI Bill website.
The UCSP 615 requirement may be waived if you previously earned a graduate degree from a regionally accredited institution. For more information, contact your academic advisor.
Website Terms & ConditionsConsumer Disclosures & PoliciesExternal Complaint ProcessesProfessional LicensureState AuthorizationCopyright AgentHow UMGC Uses Your SSNNondiscrimination StatementOpting OutPrivacy PolicySocial Media GuidelinesWebsite Accessibility Statement
Orientation to Graduate Studies at UMGC UCSP 615 | 0 Credits (Required within the first 6 credits of graduate study for all new graduate students, except those in programs requiring CBR, DCL, or PRO 600.) An overview of the skills needed for academic and professional success. Focus is on enhancing communication and critical thinking skills. Assignments provide familiarity with tools such as library and information resources. APA style and resources are also addressed.