http://www.ucdmc.ucdavis.edu/legal
Toggle navigation
About Us
UC Davis Health
School of Medicine
Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing
Medical Group
Medical Center
Overview
About UC Davis Health
Office of the Vice Chancellor
Facts and Figures
Points of Distinction
Awards and Honors
Strategic Plan
Upcoming Events
Contact Us
Giving
Health Services
Primary and Specialty Care
Find a Doctor or Provider
Open Enrollment
Primary Care
Specialty Care
Medical Center
Featured Clinical Programs
Comprehensive Cancer Center
Children's Hospital
Birth Center
Heart and Vascular Services
MIND Institute
Telehealth Services
Comprehensive Surgical Services
Primary Care
See All Clinical Services ...
Other Clinical Resources
Accepted Health Plans
MyUCDavisHealth (formerly MyChart)
Clinic Locations
Telehealth Video Visits
Telehealth Express Care
Our Safety and Quality Commitment
Physician Referrals
Research
Centers and Programs
Comprehensive Cancer Center
Center for Healthcare Policy and Research
Institute for Population Health Improvement
Institute for Regenerative Cures
MIND Institute
Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing Research
Reducing Health Disparities
See All Research Programs ...
Other Research Resources
Clinical and Translational Science Center
Clinical Trials Office
Find a Study
Human Subjects Research - IRB Administration
Research Training and Career Development
School of Medicine Office of Research
UC Davis Office of Research
Education
School of Medicine
Admissions
Degree Programs
Academic Departments
Alumni Association
Office of the Dean
Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing
Admissions
Degree Programs
Frequently Asked Questions
Alumni
Office of the Dean
Other Programs and Training
Center for Health and Technology
Center for Professional Practice of Nursing
Center for Simulation and Education Enhancement
Clinical Pastoral Education
Continuing Medical Education
Dietetic Internship Program
Graduate Medical Education – Residencies and Fellowships
Health Informatics Program
Health Sciences Libraries
Research Education and Career Development
Stem Cell Training Program
Community Engagement
Advisers and Friends
National Board of Advisors
Community Advisory Board
Leadership Council
In the Community
Community Engagement Highlights
Our Commitment to the Underserved
Community Health Needs Assessment (CHNA)
CHNA Implementation Plan
Principles of Community
Government and Community Relations
Health Sciences Development
Public Affairs and Marketing
Newsroom
Newsroom
News Releases
Noticias en Español
Feature Stories
Blogs
Videos
Social Media
Publications
For Journalists
Public Reporting
Careers
Jobs at UC Davis Health
All UC Davis Health Staff Job Opportunities
Nurse Recruitment at UC Davis Health
Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing
Nursing Volunteer Clinical Faculty
School of Medicine Faculty Recruitment
School of Medicine Residency and Fellowship Programs
Working at UC Davis Health
Benefits Overview
People with Purpose
Temporary Employment Services
Campuses and Communities
Other UC Jobs
UC Davis Campus
University of California
UC Davis HealthLegal and Privacy Notices
Legal notice and disclaimer
Legal notice and disclaimer
Welcome to UC Davis Health's website. This website is operated and managed by University of California, Davis, Health.
All health and health-related information contained within UC Davis Health's website is intended to be general in nature and should not be used as a substitute for medical treatment by a health care professional. Your health-care provider should be consulted regarding matters concerning the medical condition, treatment and needs of you and your family.
UC Davis Health is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors. Any information you provide may be used to monitor our effectiveness in providing information to our users, answer questions and improve this website. This monitoring does not provide us with confidential information such as names and/or addresses of users. Only non-confidential and non-proprietary information should be transmitted to the site by electronic mail or otherwise.
Every effort is made to ensure that the material within this website is accurate and timely, however, this should not be considered official and should be confirmed with other reliable sources. This information is provided without warranty for quality or accuracy. The Regents of the University of California; University of California, Davis; University of California, Davis, Health nor any other contributing author is responsible for any errors or omissions in any information provided or the results obtained from the use of such information.
Some pages within this website, for the convenience of users, are linked to or may refer to websites not managed by UC Davis Health. UC Davis Health does not control or take responsibility for the content of these websites.
The views and opinions of the documents in this website do not imply endorsement or credibility of the service, information or product offered through the linked sites by UC Davis Health.
UC Davis Health provides limited personal permission to use the website. This website is limited in that you may not:
Use, download or print material from this site for commercial use such as selling, creating course packets or posting information on another website.
Change or delete propriety notices from material downloaded or printed from this website.
Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material, any propriety information belonging to others or any material that could be deemed as or encourage criminal activity, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate the law.
Use the website in a manner contrary to any applicable law.
You should assume that everything you see or read on this website is copyrighted by University of California or others unless otherwise noted. You may download information from this website as long as it is not used for commercial purposes and you retain the proprietary notices. You may not use, modify, make multiple copies or distribute or transmit the contents of this site for public or commercial purposes without the express consent of UC Davis Health.
Commitment to quality and safety
UC Davis Medical Center is accredited by the The Joint Commission. The commission is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to raising the level of safety and quality of care in all health-care settings, and its accreditation is recognized within the health-care industry as a symbol of quality. UC Davis Medical Center demonstrates an extraordinary commitment to provide safe, high-quality care and a willingness to be measured against the highest standards of performance.
If you have any concerns about your care or safety at UC Davis Medical Center that has not been addressed to your satisfaction, you are encouraged to contact medical center management through our Patient Relations department at 916-734-5527.
We value your privacy
Please view our privacy policy or visit UC Davis Health's Compliance Office website.
Toggle navigation
Legal and Privacy Notices
Legal notice and disclaimer
Privacy practices and information
Social media guidelines
Sexual harassment & nondiscrimination notices
Tweets by UCDavisHealth
UC DAVIS HEALTH 2315 Stockton Blvd.Sacramento, CA 95817
General info: 800-282-328424-hour operator: 916-734-2011
UC Davis Health Resources
Find a doctor
Maps and directions
Careers
Giving
Volunteer services
About UC Davis Health
Executive leadership
Contact us
Upcoming events
Newsroom
Parking and transportation
Primary care locations
Facts and figures
Community engagement
Social media
Publications
Government and community relations
More about UC Davis Health»
A U.S. News & World Report best hospital in cancer, cardiology & heart surgery, ENT, geriatrics, nephrology, neurology & neurosurgery, orthopedics, pulmonology & lung surgery, and urology.
A U.S. News best children's hospital in neonatology, nephrology, *orthopedics, and *urology (*together with Shriners Hospitals for Children - Northern California) »
A U.S. News high-performing hospital in heart failure care, COPD, gastroenterology & GI surgery, transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR), aortic aneurysm repair, lung cancer surgery and colon cancer surgery.
UC Davis School of Medicine ranks among nation’s best in primary care »
UC Davis School of Medicine ranks among nation’s best in research »
Betty Irene Moore School of Nursing ranks among the best in the country for master’s-degree nursing programs »
UC Davis Medical Center has received Magnet® recognition,
the nation’s highest honor for nursing excellence »
"Most Wired Acute" designation »
"Most Wired Ambulatory" designation »
National Cancer Institute "comprehensive" designation
For the ninth consecutive year, UC Davis Medical Center has been recognized as a “Leader in LGBTQ Healthcare Equality” »