http://www.ncstrades.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Programs
New Castle, PA
Automotive Technology
Building Technology
Combination Welding
Commercial Truck Driving
Diesel & Heavy Equipment Repair
Electrical Technology
Heavy Equipment Operations
Industrial Electro-Mechanical Technology
Machinist Technology
Motorcycle & Power Equipment Technology
Refrigeration & A/C Technology
East Liverpool, OH
Combination Welding
Commercial Truck Driving
Electrical & Industrial Maintenance
Refrigeration & Climate Control
Admissions
Schedule a Visit
Why NCST
Specialized AST Degree
Job Placement
Career Training Readiness Quiz
Financial Aid
Financial Aid Services
Veteran’s Education Benefits
Online Payments
Locations
New Castle, PA
New Castle Satellite Campus
East Liverpool, OH
About Us
Contact Us
Employer Services
Blog
Event Calendar
Resources
FAQ
What is a Trade School?
Intro to Skilled Trades
Trade School Benefits
Become a Tradesman
NOW ENROLLING FOR JANUARY 2021 CLASSES!
Request Info
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
Choose Your Location*Choose Your LocationNew Castle, PAEast Liverpool, OHChoose Your Trade*Choose Your TradeAutomotive TechnologyBuilding TechnologyCombination WeldingCommercial Truck DrivingDiesel & Heavy Equipment RepairElectrical TechnologyHeavy Equipment OperationsIndustrial Electro-Mechanical TechnologyMachinist TechnologyMotorcycle & Power Equipment TechnologyRefrigeration & A/C TechnologyChoose Your Trade*Choose Your TradeCombination WeldingCommercial Truck DrivingElectrical & Industrial MaintenanceRefrigeration & Climate ControlBy clicking below, I consent to receive telephone calls and text messages from NCST containing information at the number above about their programs. I understand that the calls and messages may be initiated with automated equipment and that I am not required to provide this consent to be eligible to enroll.
Privacy Policy
New Castle School of Trades (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://ncstrades.edu website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally, identifiable information may include but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number (“Personal Information”).
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor, and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provides information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
New Castle School of Trades uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third-party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AdRoll
AdRoll remarketing service is provided by Semantic Sugar, Inc.
You can opt-out of AdRoll remarketing by visiting this AdRoll Advertising Preferences web page: http://info.evidon.com/pub_info/573?v=1&nt=1&nw=false
For more information on the privacy practices of AdRoll, please visit the AdRoll Privacy Policy web page: http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy
Perfect Audience
Perfect Audience remarketing service is provided by NowSpots Inc.
You can opt-out of Perfect Audience remarketing by visiting these pages: Platform Opt-out (http://pixel.prfct.co/coo) and Partner Opt-out (http://ib.adnxs.com/optout).
For more information on the privacy practices of Perfect Audience, please visit the Perfect Audience Privacy Policy & Opt-out web page: https://www.perfectaudience.com/privacy/index.html
Hotjar
Hotjar visual behavior heatmap service is provided by Hotjar Ltd.
For more information on the privacy practices of Hotjar, please visit the Hotjar Privacy Policy web page: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site, and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this link:  https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services, and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 23, 2020, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
California Privacy Rights
We make these disclosures to those visiting our website who reside in California which supersedes and replace any conflicting disclosures found elsewhere on our website.
Opt-Out of Disclosure for Direct Marketing Purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to learn the identities of entities that received their personal information for marketing purposes and the categories of information disclosed. You may request such information by emailing info@ncstrades.edu. Please reference California Privacy Rights in your subject line. You may also write to us at 4117 Pulaski Rd, New Castle, PA 16101, Attn: Privacy Officer. Please be aware that this opt-out does not prohibit our disclosure of personal information for any purpose other than direct marketing. The information we collect and share may include your name, address, email address, and telephone number.
Automatic Gathering of Information. We collect information that you provide to us online, and through websites of unaffiliated third parties.
Automatic Gathering of Information by Third Parties. When you visit our website, third parties can collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites pertaining to your visit to or use of our and other websites.
Do-Not-Track Requests. California residents visiting our website may request that we not automatically gather and track information pertaining to their online browsing movements across the Internet. Such requests are typically made through Web browser settings that control signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We currently do not have the ability to honor these requests. We may modify this policy as our abilities change.
Changes to Policy. By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information you provide in accordance with this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Privacy policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post our revised privacy policy, as well as to existing information we hold.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@ncstrades.edu.
Last updated: September 23, 2020
Request Info
Apply Now
FAQ
X