https://www.warnerpacific.edu/about/privacy-policy/
Apply
Visit
Inquire
Give
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Admission
Undergraduate
Traditional Admission Virtual Events
Virtual Counselor Connect Sessions
Adult Degrees
Graduate
PGS Virtual Info Sessions
Academics
Majors and Programs
Learning Communities
Dean’s list
Support Services
Library
Our Faculty
Student Life
Clubs & Activities
Residence Life
Service
Campus Safety
Health and Wellness
Resources
Alumni
Transcript Request
Host Your Event
About
President’s Message
Mission
Quick Facts
Locations
Governance
Faculty Lectures
Athletics
COVID-19 FAQ Click here
Privacy Policy
Home > About the University > Privacy Policy
In using this website You agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Our authorized employees within the University, on a need to know basis, only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers.
Usage of Content
You may view, copy, print, and use content contained on the Warner Pacific website solely for your own personal use and provided that:
The content available from this website is used for informational and non-commercial purposes only. All rights reserved.
No text, graphics, or other content available from this website are modified in any way.
Some graphics that appear on the website are owned by third-party copyright holders, and in such cases, permission to reprint must be obtained directly from the owner.
Information on this website is subject to change. Although we attempt to keep information accurate and up to date, you assume the risk that the information and materials on this website could be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or may not meet your needs and requirements.
The use of Warner Pacific’s logo, marks, or images is maintained by our Marketing Department. You may download our logo here. You may contact the marketing department for more information.
The information on this website is descriptive only and is not to be construed as a legal contract.
With respect to any information available from this website, neither Warner Pacific nor its employees assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
Reference herein to any specific products, process, publication, or service does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Warner Pacific. The views and opinions expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of Warner Pacific.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, a related product, or service information, etc.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Cookies
Cookies are used to track and understand visitor interactions with the website to provide better functionality and improve service. Cookies are text files placed on your computer’s browser to collect non-personally identifiable information such as computer IP address, pages browsed, date and time of visit, browser type, computer operating system, connection speeds, and links used to enter or leave the website. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text relating to your services and the full content of this website. Our logo is a registered trademark. The brand names and specific services featured on this website are trademarked.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, and other contact information can be found on our Contact link on our website.
Online Advertising
Third-party vendors, including Google, may use information submitted by users and cookies to serve ads on the internet based on a user’s prior visit(s) to our website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Information Collection and Use
Warner Pacific is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Information may be collected for admission application deposits, online admission applications, address updates, bookstore orders, gifts, topical surveys, and other uses deemed relevant to the university and its constituencies.
Photography
Photos or video taken at our events or campus visits may be used in publications such as brochures, newsletters, and magazines, or video presentations. Such photos or videos may also be used electronically in online publications, our websites, e-mails, social networking sites such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter, or in other electronic forms of media. If you are pictured and would like us to discontinue using the photo, please contact us.
Sharing of Information
Warner Pacific uses PCI-compliant-third-party services to process transactions for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to, delivering bookstore orders, staging and hosting online forms used for admissions, online giving, and registering for events hosted by or affiliated with Warner Pacific. Personally identifiable information may be collected as part using these services.
Security
Information submitted on this website is maintained on a private secure server and handled in a confidential manner.
Links to other sites
Our website contains links to other sites. Warner Pacific does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. Check with those organizations for their privacy policies.
We urge you to protect your personal data whenever you are on the Internet: change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers and make sure you use a secure browser.
Disclaimer – Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this website is provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the University’s literature; and excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised the University of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems, and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential, and incidental damages.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. Please review this policy regularly.
Conditions for use of Logos
The design logos offered herein (“Logo” or “Logos”) are the exclusive property of Warner Pacific University. Logos in this use include all graphics, wordmarks, and trademarks related to:
Warner Pacific University
Knights Athletics
sourceU
As such, Warner Pacific University owns all right, title, and interest in the Logos, including but not limited to, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress, moral rights, rights under any statutory protection of fine arts, and otherwise, as applicable. As a partner of Warner Pacific University (“You” or “Your”), You acknowledge that the Logos are being provided merely as a convenience and accommodation to You on an “AS IS” basis without warranty of any kind.
As a condition of Your use of any Logo, You agree to:
Refrain from asserting any ownership, proprietary or other rights in any Logo or to challenge, contest, or take any other action inconsistent with Our exclusive ownership rights in the Logos, irrespective of any use You may make of any Logo;
Refrain from seeking any form of registration in any state, federal or foreign jurisdiction, of any trademark, service mark, trade dress, logo or other commercial designation that includes any Logo or any colorable imitation or derivative thereof;
Refrain from pursuing any claim, action, or proceeding against Warner Pacific University, its partners or vendors based upon any Logo used by You;
Indemnify and defend Warner Pacific University and its partners from and against any claim, cost, or liability of any kind, including for copyright and trademark infringement, arising out of Your use of any Logo.
Conditions for use of photographs & videos:
Each use should be accompanied by the following credit line: “Courtesy of Warner Pacific University.”
No permission is granted to use these images or a copy thereof for further distribution or commercial use without the express written consent of Warner Pacific University.
No permission is granted to use the trademarks of Warner Pacific University, Knights Athletics, sourceU, its subsidiaries or affiliates, apart from the incidental appearance of the same in the photographic images provided by Warner Pacific University.
Permission to use these materials is granted without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Warner Pacific University reserves the right to withdraw permission to use and reproduce its copy-written material whenever, in its sole discretion, it believes that the privilege is being used in a way that is detrimental to its interests or the above conditions are not being met.
Admission Requirements
President’s Message
Mission
Quick Facts
Locations
Give
Faculty Lectures
VISIT CAMPUS
APPLY NOW
REQUEST INFO
Contact WP
800.804.1510
Email Us
© 2019 Warner Pacific University. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Portland, Oregon Campus