https://www.rluk.ac.uk/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy Notice
Home/Privacy Notice
Privacy NoticeMelanie Cheung2019-06-21T14:46:10+01:00
This privacy notice will explain how RLUK uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website, attend an RLUK event or participate in RLUK business.
What data do we collect?
RLUK collects the following data:
Personal identification information and contact details (Name, title, job title, email address, phone number, place of work, dietary requirements etc.)
Your image and likeness when attending an RLUK event (captured in photographs, audio and video recordings)
Payment and transactional data when purchasing tickets to an RLUK event
Website and newsletter analytics (Google Analytics and Mailchimp) for visitors to RLUK website and subscribers to RLUK mailing lists.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide RLUK with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register for an account on the RLUK website
Complete a registration form and purchase tickets for any of the events that we host or support
Attend and participate in an RLUK event or meeting
For financial transactions e.g. invoicing for events or claiming expense reimbursement
Join and participate in an RLUK network
Voluntarily complete our surveys and feedback forms
Sign up to an RLUK mailing list (via mailchimp or Jiscmail)
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies
Correspond with us by post, e-mail, social media and other means
How will we use your data?
RLUK collects your data for the following purposes:
Keep an accurate record of our member organisations and their representatives, and our Trustees
Keep a record of membership and participation for RLUK networks
Conduct financial transactions
For IP addresses, to assess website visitor trends
Registration data for conferences and meetings, to register delegates at events and make suitable accommodations
For survey data, to provide research and expertise to the membership
Member library catalogue data, for ingest to COPAC
How do we store your data?
RLUK does not share personal data with organisations outside of the UK/EU. We have members in Ireland, which may require transfer of data outside of the UK.
RLUK does use some online services which are headquartered outside of the EU, but which have asserted compliance with all relevant EU data handling laws. These include e.g. Dropbox, Eventbrite, Google, and Twitter.
Any research activities or partnerships with organisations based outside the EU will be treated on a case by case basis, and participants who opt in to such activities will be clearly informed about how their data will be handled in such instances.
We will keep a hold of your data for no longer than necessary. The length of time that we retain it will depend on any legal obligations we have, the nature of any contracts we have in place with you, the existence of your consent or our legitimate interests.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
RLUK uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
RLUK uses these cookies so that we recognise you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The RLUK websites contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
RLUK keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 14 June 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about RLUK’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: dataenquiry@rluk.ac.uk
The RLUK website uses cookies to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Information about your use of our site with our social media and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. AcceptDon't acceptRLUK's Privacy Notice
Revoke cookies
Go to Top