http://www.noeoscience.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Your privacy is important to us. At Noeo Science, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it, which is to sell educational books that help you and the household God has given you to know God's "invisible attributes, namely, his eternal power and divine nature . . . clearly perceived, ever since the creation of the world, in the things that have been made" (Rom. 1:20).
We aim to protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy CoversLogos Press is behind Noeo Science to bring you a variety of books and goods so you can be equipped to take all of Christ for all of life, learning, teaching, thinking, speaking, and living like it. Our mission is that you and the household God has given you would be equipped to say "Thy Kingdom Come" and to live like it is actually happening.
We believe reformation and revival start with joyful obedience to the Bible, and that is what makes everyday tasks significant and culture-transforming. As the wisest man said, “Go, eat your bread with joy, and drink your wine with a merry heart; for God has already accepted your works” (Eccl. 9:7).
The Christian life should include theology in the car, hard work in the classroom, stories with uproarious laughter and goosepimply danger, sore muscles on the construction site, and the joyful destruction of idols in our hearts and on the Internet. Because the world is fallen, living this way will get you in trouble, too. We are here to help: Let what you believe drive what you do. All of Christ for all of life! Unlike other publishers that might be inclined to just serve a popular but straying Christian market what they already want to hear, at Noeo Science we aim to publish books downstream the whole counsel of God.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites logospressonline.com, noeoscience.com
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other properties collectively as “services.”
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike LicenseWe’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on GitHub. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices.
Information We CollectWe only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better fit you based on what you and not just the masses in general are interested in.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through engaging our services. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to UsIt’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information: We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a Noeo Science account upon purchase to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create an account, especially if you do not complete your purchase.
Public profile information: If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have an account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information: If you buy something from us, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — books, webinars, merch— you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our eCommerce Services, you’ll have to create an account.
Content information: You might provide us with information about you in product visits, blog visits, videos watched, carousels scrolled, and published reviews.
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you engage our services.
Usage information: We collect information about your usage of our services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [Noeo Science  username] scrolled “[title of product]” at [time/date] only 25% through). We use this information to provide our services to you, get insights on how people use our services so we can make our services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention, so we keep giving you the books and products that encourage you to Christian faithfulness.
Location information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our services from certain geographic regions.
Information from cookies & other technologies: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Noeo Science uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our services. For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our services easier to use.
To market our services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing. For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have purchased a certain amount of a certain imprint with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a homeschool bundle after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our services, our users, and the public. For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Noeo Science and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating services.
To fix problems with our services. For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience. For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our services, recommending content through advertisements, and providing new essays and stories through blog posts and books for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you. For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share updates on getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Noeo Science. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time in your emails. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using InformationA note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our services; to improve our services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our services; and to personalize your experience; or
You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our Cookie Policy, by continued use of our site.
Sharing Information
How We Share InformationThese are spelled out below:
We have a policy that we do not sell our users’ data. We aren’t a data broker, we don’t sell your personal information to data brokers, and we don’t sell your information to other companies that want to spam you with marketing emails.
On the website we may share site engagement and sales data but never exposing you personal details, such as how "1470 people bought Ploductivity in Moscow, Idaho" or "John bought Rules for Reformers, 7 hours ago" with your uploaded account photo included.
Information Shared PubliclyInformation that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like parts of your name and profile and geolocation you make public are potentially available to be shown to others to encourage similar actions.
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your Globally Recognized Avatar, or Gravatar. Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays in site notifications. On the website we may share site engagement and sales data but never exposing you personal details, such as how "1470 people bought Ploductivity in Moscow, Idaho" or "John bought Rules for Reformers, 7 hours ago" with your uploaded account photo included.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly, whether your name or profile photo.
How Long We Keep InformationWe generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep the cookie and pixel logs that record information about a visitor to one of our services, like browser type and device, for approximately 28-180 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to our websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites. Other information like site engagement and purchase behavior expires within 14-30 days.
SecurityWhile no online service is 100% secure, we work to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
ChoicesYou have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide: You can make a purchase without creating an account. If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information.
Limit access to information on your mobile device: Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to see certain content exclusive to site visitors.
Opt out of marketing communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies: At this time, Noeo Science does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Close your account: While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our services. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests or to find others like you through Facebook lookalike services.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including California and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority should we violate policy.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide California residents with some additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it.
The CCPA also requires us to provide a list of the “categories” of personal information we collect, as that term is defined in the law, so, here it is. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from California residents, depending on the services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our services, like the actions you take as a visitor on our site);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
and Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition). You can find more information about what we collect in the Information We Collect section above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How and Why We Use Information section. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the Sharing Information section.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the right to:
Request to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, the categories of third parties we share it with, and the specific pieces of information we collect about you;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of any sale of personal information; and Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
The CCPA & Personalized Advertising in Our Ads ProgramOur mission is that you would be equipped to say "Thy Kingdom Come" and to live like it is actually happening, and as optimistic Christians who believe that Jesus will save the world through the proclamation of the gospel (John 3:16), that means making our services accessible to as many people as possible till Christ returns and the knowledge of the Lord covers the earth as the waters cover the seas.
The personal information we acquire includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” of information under the CCPA, but we do not sell (or share) information that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information, to third-parties.
Your Agreements
You represent and warrant that any personal data you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
If you use our services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Contacting Us About These RightsYou can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, reach us through our contact page.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
How to Reach UsIf you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us through our contact page. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-208-892-8074.
Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Noeo Science may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Noeo Science encourages visitors to check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice. Your further use of our services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Disclaimer: While modified to suit our business, much of this policy came from here.
Close Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
t:
e
(-)
Remove
Item Quantity
Due to COVID-19 shipping delays, please allow 3-4 weeks for processing before shipment.
Discount:
-
Subtotal
$0.00
Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout
Checkout
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.