http://www.jerseycitymuseum.org/privacy/
About
News
Blogs
Videos
Shop
My Account
Support
Privacy Policy
We strive to keep your information safe
About
Privacy Policy
Document Last Updated: January 1st, 2017
For additional information, please contact our Support Team.
When you shop at The City Museum, you never have to worry about credit card safety. We guarantee that every transaction you make will be safe. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with most browsers (including Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari), so that only The City Museum can read a buyer's personal information.
Online purchases are statistically safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store. Technical experts state that online purchases are far safer than traditional credit card transactions because the information is immediately encrypted into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any fees up to $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will only cover liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at The City Museum while using our secure server.
Please note that in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
INTERACTIVE SITE FEATURES AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
The City Museum may provide certain interactive features, such as blogs, for the exchange of ideas and information by visitors. If The City Museum provides such features,The City Museum encourages you to interact with its Site, subject to the following conditions:
You are solely responsible for the content that you submit. You agree that all content you submit is accurate, and the use of such content will not violate this TOUAgreement or cause injury to any person or entity.
By posting content, you are granting The City Museum (and those authorized by The City Museum) a limited, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide license to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt, display, publish, modify, create derivative works from, and translate such content for any educational, promotional, or other purposes without any obligation to compensate you or any other third party in any way for such use. You also grant The City Museum (and those authorized by The City Museum) the right, but not the obligation, to use the name that you submit with such content.
You will not post any content that is unlawful, harassing, discriminatory, libelous, obscene, false, inflammatory, pornographic, or that infringes on the rights of any third party.
You will only post content that is yours or for which you have received permission to post from the person or entity that owns the content and the related intellectual property rights.
You will not insert your own or a third party’s advertising or promotional content into your posting.
You understand that The City Museum may monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, or any other postings from time to time and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to edit or remove any content that does not comply with these conditions.
You understand that The City Museum assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the posting of your content or for any error, defamation, libel, omission, obscenity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any posted information or from any failure or delay in removing such content or from your violation of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
You will not introduce any software viruses, worms, or other programs designed to damage software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment.
You agree that you will not collect information about the users of the Site or use such information for any purpose.
You are not under the age of 13.
The City Museum reserves the right to monitor content or information provided by Site visitors in its sole discretion, to edit or remove any content that, in
The City Museum’s judgment, does not comply with the foregoing rules, or is otherwise objectionable, inappropriate, or inaccurate. The City Museum is not responsible
for any user-generated content that is posted on the Site or for any failure or delay in removing such content.
INTERSTATE DATA TRANSMISSIONS
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes
to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You understand that the Services and software embodied within the Services may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of
these materials is subject to usage rules set by The City Museum and/or content providers who provide content to the Services. You may not attempt to override or circumvent
any of the usage rules embedded into the Services. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the
Services, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
By agreeing to this TOU Agreement, you acknowledge that Use of the Services results in interstate data transmissions because of The City Museum's network architecture,
business practices, and the manner in which electronic communications are processed.
Copyright © 2017 - www.jerseycitymuseum.org. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use