https://www.mlasolutions.com/about-us/privacy-policy
CALL NOW: 800.426.7477
EMAIL US: automation@mlasolutions.com
HOMEPRODUCTSM5M3Optional ModulesWeb OPACSIP2SIFTextbook ModuleZSERVER – (Z39.50 SERVER)Mobile ModuleSyndetic SolutionsBookwhere Z39.50MARC MagicianLibrary UsageHardwareKids OPACSERVICESWeb HostingData WorkElectronic Data TransferRetrospective ConversionUnion CatalogAuthority Record ProcessingWeb SelectBrief Record UpgradeLabel Services24/7/365 Technical SupportTrainingOnsite Technical ServicesCONTACT USContact InformationLive WebinarFree ConsultationCOMMUNITYPress RoomNewsletterEventsTestimonialsVideo TutorialsABOUT USCompany ProfilePrivacy PolicyLEARNING TOOLSVIDEO TUTORIALSKNOWLEDGE BASESTARTING GUIDESWEBINAR VIDEO ARCHIVECUSTOM TRAININGTECH SUPPORTCUSTOMER CORNER
About Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy and Acceptable Use Policy Policy
Parents' Bill of Rights for Data Privacy and Security
We Commit To:
Not collect, maintain, use or share student personal information beyond that needed for authorized educational/school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.
Not sell student personal information.
Not use or disclose student information collected through an educational/school service (whether personal information or otherwise) for behavioral targeting of advertisements to students.
Not build a personal profile of a student other than for supporting authorized educational/school purposes or as authorized by the parent/student.
Not make material changes to school service provider consumer privacy policies without first providing prominent notice to the account holder(s) (i.e., the educational institution/agency, or the parent/student when the information is collected directly from the student with student/parent consent) and allowing them choices before data is used in any manner inconsistent with terms they were initially provided; and not make material changes to other policies or practices governing the use of student personal information that are inconsistent with contractual requirements.
Not knowingly retain student personal information beyond the time period required to support the authorized educational/school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.
Collect, use, share, and retain student personal information only for purposes for which we were authorized by the educational institution/agency, teacher or the parent/student.
Disclose clearly in contracts or privacy policies, including in a manner easy for parents and teachers to understand, what types of student personal information we collect, if any, and the purposes for which the information we maintain is used or shared with third parties.
Support access to and correction of student personally identifiable information by the student or their authorized parent, either by assisting the educational institution in meeting its requirements or directly when the information is collected directly from the student with student/parent consent.
Maintain a comprehensive security program that is reasonably designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of student personal information against risks – such as unauthorized access or use, or unintended or inappropriate disclosure – through the use of administrative, technological, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Require that our vendors with whom student personal information is shared in order to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for the given student personal information.
Allow a successor entity to maintain the student personal information, in the case of our merger or acquisition by another entity, provided the successor entity is subject to these same commitments for the previously collected student personal information.
Reselling
Mandarin Library Automation does not have any authorized resellers for any of our products or services, including demo versions. We do not hire, authorize or offer authorized resellers anywhere, worldwide.A free demo version should not be sold or offered in any way, anywhere, aside from our website:  http://www.mlasolutions.com/forms/m3-free-download. Mandarin Software licensing is sold exclusively and directly through Mandarin Library Automation. For more information or questions concerning licensing, training or services, please contact us at automation@mlasolutions.com or 800.426.7477, Ext. 751.
Training
Mandarin Library Automation is the sole source for training related to all of our products or services, including demo versions. All trainers are MLA employees or MLA-certified consultants. For more information or questions concerning training, services or licensing, please contact us at automation@mlasolutions.com or 800.426.7477, Ext. 751.
Information Mandarin Gathers and Tracks
In Mandarin's "Customer's Corner" of the corporate site, cookies are used for maintaining session state and Institution authentication allowing seamless access throughout this portion of the site. The cookie expires when the session ends, which is when the browser window is closed.
The server collects domain names and IP addresses of Institutions, which are utilized for generating broad statistical information on our customer base and potential customers visiting this site.
Institution Contacts may request to receive e-mail notification of recent news and updates concerning Mandarin's products, request previews of newly released products, and change the Administration options for their current accounts. For the purpose of verifying that these requests are from Institutions, Mandarin collects the following information: Institution name, contact first and last name, contact title, e-mail address, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and fax number.
In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protections Act of 1998, Mandarin does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors, except to respond to one-time requests.
Use of Information
Mandarin may use the Institution's information including e-mail for marketing and promotional purposes such as informing customers of product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and/or new services. Mandarin may share Institution information with our agents. In addition, Mandarin reserves the right to supply this information to an Institution's identified Internet Service Provider concerning blatant abuses or attempts to interfere with the functioning of our site.
Mandarin offers Institutions the option to request the following: (1) no longer receive marketing material by mail and (2) no longer receive marketing information by e-mail. If you would like to request removal from these lists, please e-mail custserve@mlasolutions.com and include your name, institution, state, zip code, and customer number.
Security
Mandarin uses advanced security measures in connection with the collection and the transmission of Institution information. However, Mandarin is not responsible for any breach of its security or for the actions of any third parties that may obtain any Institution information. Mandarin will promptly evaluate and address all breaches in security.
External Linking
Mandarin may provide links to sites that we do not maintain. Mandarin is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. Institutions are responsible for the monitoring of minors after leaving the boundaries of our site. If any user should come across a link that may be considered objectionable, please contact webmaster@mlasolutions.com.
HOME • ABOUT US • PRODUCTS • SERVICES • CONTACT US • NEWSLETTER • PRESS
PRIVACY POLICY • CUSTOMERS CORNER • SITEMAP • MANDARIN CORNER
© 2012 Mandarin Library Automation, Inc. All rights reserved.