http://www.udmercy.edu/faculty-staff/procurement-services/policies.php
.
Search
Academics
Academic Affairs
Academic Assessment
Academic Leadership Team
Committees
Center for Excellence Teaching and Learning
Scholarship
Mentoring
Teaching
Faculty Advising
Information
Advising FAQs
My Portal Procedures
Student Advising
Faculty Awards
Fulbright Programs
Fulbright-Hays Group Projects Abroad
Institutional Research & Effectiveness
Accreditation & Compliance
Assessment
Institutional Data
ReBUILD Detroit
Institutional Accreditation
Office for Student Fellowships
Title IX Office
Report Sexual Misconduct
Privacy, Confidentiality and Retaliation
Course of Action
OSPRA
Compliance
Biohazards - Institutional Biosafety Committee
Conflict of Interest
IACUC
Institutional Review Board
Intellectual Property
IRB Procedures and Guidelines
Online Recruitment
Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR)
Scientific/Scholarly Misconduct
Effort Reporting
Fact Sheet
Find Funding
OSPRA Forms
Internal Processes
Proposal Writing Resources
Faculty Research Awards
Student Advising
Titan Success Network
University Strategic Plan
Goal 1
Goal 2
Goal 3
President's Message
National Center for Faculty Development and Diversity
Architecture, School of
Business Administration, College of
Dentistry, School of
Engineering & Science, College of
Health Professions and MSON, College of
Law, School of
Liberal Arts & Education, College of
Special Programs
Black Abolitionist Archive
Catholic Studies
CLASA
Fr. Jim Carney
Our Origins
Donate to CLASA
Collection
Honors Program
Gardella Honors House
Contact Honors Program
About Honors Program
Honors Curriculum
Meet the Professors
Summer Reading Programs
Study Abroad
Study Abroad FAQ
Resources for study abroad costs
Summer Camps and Programs
Women's and Gender Studies
Bioneers
Admission & Aid
Apply Now
Freshman
Visit as a High School Student
Freshman Next Steps
Freshman Next Steps
Transfer Admissions
Transfer Equivalencies
Transfer Student Visits
Transfer Admission Process
Transfer Next Steps
Financial Aid for Transfers
Orientation for Transfer and Graduate Students
Apply
MiTransfer Pathways
Transfer Admission Process
Transfer Next Steps
Graduate
Graduate Admission Process
Graduate Visit
Next Steps
Graduate Brochures
International
International Admission Process
China, Hong Kong & Taiwan
Dual Enrollment
Financial Aid
Additional Resources
Financial Aid Forms
Student Employment
Cost of Attendance
NetPrice Calculator
Financial Information for Students
Fin-Aid Info Incoming Freshmen
Fin-Aid Info for Current Students
Fin-Aid Info for Graduate Students
Fin-Aid Info for Transfer Students
Fin-Aid Info for Health Professions Students
Aid for International Students
Sources of Financial Aid
Loan Programs
Financial Aid Policies
Title IV
SAP
FERPA and Your Fin-Aid Information
Code of Conduct
Student Fellowships and National Scholarships
Campus Renovations
Resources
Student Life
Campus Living
Accommodations
Banking
Eat on Campus
Campus Living FAQs
Campus Living Forms
Mail
Maintenance
Residence Halls
Guide to Residence Living
Dean of Students Office
Groups
Build
Greek Life
Greek Life FAQs
Greek Org List
Student Government Association
Student Programming Board
The Rock
Health and Counseling
Health Clinic
Personal Counseling
Insurance & Billing
Holistic Health and Wellness
Resource Library
International Services
Newly Admitted International Students
Canadian Students
Maintaining Your F-1 Status
ALCP
Employment
ISO Forms
Winter 2021 Term for F-1 Students
International Education Week
Ministry
Faith Programs and Retreats
About University Ministry
Service & Immersion
Volunteers & Interns
Worship Spaces, Schedules and Sacramental Prep
Celebrate Spirit!
Catholic College Students Scholarships & Resources
First Year Students
FYE
Parent Orientation
PTV
Testing
Public Safety
Services & Prevention
RAVE Emergency Alert System
Public Safety FAQs
Emergency Preparedness
Reporting an Incident
Contact Campus Security Authority
About Public Safety
Jobs with Public Safety
Campus Closures
Clery Act
Safety Notices
2018 Safety Notice List
Student Handbook (Policies)
ID Cards
Parking
Student Life Office
Theatre Company
Main Stage Events
Mock Production Project 2020
TheatreLab
Titan Slam
Performing Arts Academic and Talent Scholarship
Performing Arts Department
University Recreation
Fitness Center
Fitness Classes
Fitness Programs
Get Started
Personal Training
Tommy's Cafe
Intramural Sports/Club Sports
URec Adventure Series
Camps & Group Activities
About
News
Recent News Listing
2018 Archive
2019 Archive
Events
Brand and Logo
Contact Us
Detroit
Fast Facts
Leadership
Board
Leadership Roster
President
Location, Maps and Directions
Media Guide to Faculty Experts - Search
Media Guide to Faculty Experts - Topic List
Mission/Vision
Institute
About the Institute
op
Emerging Leaders
Step Up
Ford Community Corps Partnership
Leadership Minor
Service Learning
The Hive
Religious Sponsors
The Detroit Mercy Community of Mercy Sisters
Jesuit Community
Religious Members on the Board
Mission Leadership Awards
Vivere ex Missione Award
Agere ex Missione Award
Office of Mission Integration
Living the Mission
People at Detroit Mercy
Bio Request
IT Services
Get Help
Training Services
Troubleshooting Guide
Accounts & Access
Accounts
ITS Information for Students
Employees: Common IT Questions
Alumni & Visitors
Employee Account Application Process
Audio Visual
Special Events
Classroom, Meeting Room, and Event Space Directory
Architecture Spaces
Architecture 119
Architecture 207
Architecture Exhibition Space
Architecture 116
Briggs Classrooms
Briggs 01
Briggs 05
Briggs 12
Briggs 13
Briggs 16
Briggs 20
Briggs 23
Briggs 27
Briggs 101
Briggs 105
Briggs 117
Briggs 127
Briggs 201
Briggs 202
Briggs 205
Briggs 239
Briggs 240
Briggs 301
Briggs 302
Briggs 317
Briggs 340
Briggs 341
Briggs 129
Briggs 303
Chemistry Classrooms
Chemistry 07
Chemistry 114
Chemistry 120
Chemistry 211
Chemistry 215
Chemistry 117
Chemistry 119
Chemistry 002
Commerce & Finance
Commerce and Finance 09
Commerce and Finance 10
Commerce and Finance 104
Commerce and Finance 138
Commerce and Finance 139
Commerce and Finance 208
Commerce and Finance 228
Commerce and Finance 209
Commerce and Finance 212
Commerce and Finance 213
Commerce and Finance 233
Commerce and Finance 234
Commerce and Finance 238
Commerce and Finance 119
Commerce and Finance 118
Dental Classrooms
Dental 1430
Dental 1450
Dental 1460
Dental 2440
Dental 2460
Dental 2470
Dental 301c
Dental Special Functions
Dental 2300
Dental 1390
Dental 1400
Dental 1410
Dental 1420
Dental 1270
Dental 1160
Dental 459c
Dental 467
Dental 1260
Engineering
Engineering 120
Engineering 134
Engineering 140
Engineering 200
Engineering 208
Engineering 210
Engineering 220
Engineering 222
Engineering 223
Engineering 224
Engineering 230
Engineering 234
Engineering 237
Engineering 239
Engineering 260
Engineering 320
Engineering 372
Engineering 375
Engineering 212
Engineering High Bay
Engineering 131
Health Professions
Health Professions 129
Health Professions 207
Health Professions 210
Health Professions 213
158.8 Sister Maureen Fay Center
Health Professions 124
Health Professions 20 (Practice Lab 2)
Health Professions 21 (Practice Lab 1)
Health Professions 131
Health Professions 237
Health Professions 236
Health Professions 110
Law Classrooms
Law 226
Law 235
Law 247
Law 249
Law 252
Law 251
Law 326
Law 335
Law 339
Law 347
Law 352
Law Faculty Lounge
Law 201 (North Conference Room)
Law 257
Law 259
Law 351
Law 357
Law 208 (South Conference Room)
Law 239
Life Sciences
Life Sciences 113
Life Sciences 115
Life Sciences 116-117
Life Sciences 118-119
Life Sciences 120
Life Sciences 121
Reno
Reno 165
Reno 200
Fisher Administration Center
Fisher 3rd Floor Controller Conference Room
Fisher 5th Floor Board Room
Fisher 2nd Floor Conference Room
Fisher 5th Floor Conference Room
Fisher 3rd Floor CFO Conference Room
Student Center
Student Center 200 - Ballroom
Student Center 201
Student Center 206
Student Center 208
President's Dining Room (PDR)
McNichols Campus Library
Library M357
Library 324
Computing
Academic Computing Labs
C&F 9
C&F 10
HP 8
Quad Commons
WiFi & Network
Personal Purchases and Free Software
E-Recycling
Dental Tablet PCs
Recommendations
Sustainable IT
Employee Loaner Program
Acquisitions
Refresh/Recycle Program
Software Standards
Requests for Quotes
IDC Finance Procedure
Employee Banner Information
Banner Testing
Specifications for Programs with Notebook Requirements
Course Evaluations
Communications
Email
Client Configurations
Television
Telephone
Department Directory
Video Conferencing
ITS Policies
Illegal Downloading
Name Change Process
Social Security Number Change Process
Security
Technology Continuity - Keep Working from Off-Campus
University History
A Values-Based Education
Consumer Information
Information Dissemination
Student Complaint Policy
Web Privacy Policy
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Reporting
Giving
Reasons to Give
Ways to Give
Contact Giving Dept
Faculty & Staff Giving
Corporate and Foundation Relations
Charitable Grants
Policies and Procedures
Routing, Review and Approval
Successful Grantseeking Basics
Grant Writer Toolkit
Post Award Coordination
Frequently Asked Questions
Matching Gifts
Crowdfunding - Targeted Campaigns
Planned Giving
Detroit Mercy Day of Giving
Donate
Alumni
Alumni Benefits
Mentorship
Update your Alumni Info
Alumni Card
Forever Titans Network
Contact Alumni Relations
Class of 2020
Community
Pre-College Programs
TRiO Upward Bound program
Detroit Mercy Concert Band
Future Students
Current Students
My Portal
Student Advising
Student Support Services
AIME/HEX
Disability & Accessibility Support Services
KCP
Student Success Center
TRIO SSS
HealthX
FirstGen Network
Registrar
Degree Verifications
Diplomas
Enrollment Verifications
Registrar FAQs
FERPA and Your Student Records
Registrar Forms
Registration Schedule
Summer Discount
Transcripts
Waitlisting
Withdrawals
Veterans
Core Curriculum
Financial Aid
Student Accounting Office
Refund Policy
Accounting FAQs
Writing Center
Writing Center Policies
Handouts
Writing Resources
Commencement
Honors Convocation
Titan Class of 2020 Commencement
Center for Career & Professional Development
Students and Alumni
Employers
Career Center Answers for Parents
Parent Career Planning Course
Job Search Tips
Career Outcomes
Fall Career Fair
Internet Access Resources
COVID-19 Student Emergency Funding
Faculty & Staff
Facilities
McNichols Campus Renovation
Housekeeping
University Services
Bookstore
Dining Services
Available Venues
McNichols Campus Snapshot
Corktown Campus Snapshot
Riverfront Campus Snapshot
Venue Spaces
Facility Operations
Construction Management
Mail Services
Memorial, Donation, & Volunteer Opportunities
Adopt a Sign
Submit Work Request
Facilities Forms
Host an Event
Event Request Form
Law Parking Lot Form
Human Resources
HR Policies
Benefits
HIPAA
Commitment to Excellence Award
Employee & Retiree Recognition
Telecommuting Guidelines
IT Services
Marketing & Communications
Brand and Logo
Download Logos, Templates
Editorial Services
Requests & Forms
Photographer Request
Communication Request
Submit a Story
Website Request
Campus Connection Submission
Brand/Style Review
Marketing Campaign Request Form
Detroit Mercy Moments
Approval Form
Program Marketing Form
Media
Marketing Portfolio
Marketing Plan
Spiritus Magazine
Writing and Style
Capitalization
Punctuation
People's names, titles, religious affiliations
Usage
Tricky Words
Date, Day, Time
Building, location and special room names
Web Toolbox
Cascade CMS
Web Content Responsibilities
Website Design
Usability and Accessibility
Website Functionality
Help: How-to
Heading Structure
Make a PDF Accessible
Make a Word Doc Accessible
Removing Webpages
How do I restore a page or file?
Video Production and Captioning
Contact MarCom
Marketing Campaign Coordination
Photographic Consent and Release Form
Procurement Services
Procurement Forms
Procurement Policies
Printing Services
Toner Cartridges
Travel
Shared Governance
Students of Concern
BIT Care Form
Detroit Mercy Concert Band
Employee Emergency Fund
Parent Resources
Titans Together
On Campus Guide
Health and Well-Being
FAQs
2020-21 Academic Year
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Prospective Students
McNichols Hours and Closures
Events Resource Guide
Downloads
Titans Together Pledge
Guidelines and Reporting for Student Behavior
Virtual classes, the Detroit Mercy way
Questions/Comments
Student Technology Guidelines
University Home
Procurement Services Policies
Click here to see the Expense Reimbursement Policy
General Procurement Services Policy
Open All | Close All
A. General Policy
This policy outlines the procedures to be followed by all University personnel engaged in a purchasing transaction.
The function of the Procurement Services Department is to centralize purchasing services for the University. By providing this service in accordance with sound business practices, the Procurement Services Department seeks to realize the maximum value of every dollar the University expends. The University is committed to both the adequacy of internal control over transactions and reduction of the administrative costs of acquiring goods and services.
The actions of the Procurement Services Department directly influence the public perception and image of the University. Therefore, the highest possible standards of business ethics, professional courtesy and competence are required.
B. Authority for Purchasing
Procurement Services Department personnel are authorized to commit the University for materials, equipment supplies and services. In such cases, the Procurement Services Department has the responsibility for making the final determination of source of supply and price. The authority to issue Purchase Orders shall be vested in the Procurement Services Department and each order shall bear the signature of the Director or Buyer.
The authority to purchase is based on verification that all allocations are approved and budgeted in the current fiscal year.
All funds, regardless of their source, are considered to be University funds and are to be expended according to University policies and procedures. No individual may make a purchase directly by letter, telephone, fax or any other means. Purchases made without the proper approvals and procedures may become the personal obligation of the person originating such purchases.
Approval authority
The following administrators are authorized to approve expenditures on behalf of the University:
Authorized Signature
Amount of Purchase
For Academic and Student Service Areas: Associate Deans, Assistant Deans, Directors and Chairs
$0-$2,500
Academic Unit Dean or Administrative Department Director, Associate Vice Presidents
$2,501-$10,000
Vice President
$10,001-$50,000
President
More than $50,000
An individual cannot approve expenditures for which she/he is the payee, such as with an expense reimbursement or travel advance, or if she/he is the direct beneficiary such as membership dues, conference fees, or cell phone charges.
C. General Responsibilities
Procurement Services Department
Pre-qualifying suppliers with joint input from the requisitioning Department.
Preparing Requests for Quotations (RFQ).
Receiving and evaluating quotations.
Negotiating with suppliers.
Awarding the business for supply of goods or services.
Releasing award information.
Monitoring all purchasing activities for compliance with purchasing policies and procedures.
Establishing and maintaining standards of quality.
The Procurement Services Department acts as a resource in assisting academic and administrative areas to achieve their objectives in terms of cost, vendor selection and projected purchases in relation to special projects. Procurement Services also provides cost estimates in order to assist departments in budget preparation.
Requisitioning Department
Preparing purchase requisitions.
Allowing Procurement Services Department reasonable lead time for bidding and/or processing orders (Contact Procurement Services for lead time, which varies depending on the product).
Providing accurate specifications when requested.
Assuring that contract and grant requirements are met.
Verifying that funds are available and securing the appropriate budget manager's signature.
Verifying delivered orders for accuracy.
D. Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest
All employees are required to comply with the University's policy on Conflict of Interest and Code of Ethics. The University is a member of the National Association of Educational Buyers (NAEB) and has adopted the NAEB Code of Ethics which appears in Appendix A (below).
E. Vendor Selection
Vendors shall be selected based on their ability to service the needs of the University in the most economical and efficient manner. It is the policy of the University of Detroit Mercy to provide equal opportunity to all vendors.
Buying shall be competitive with a select number of vendors being allowed to bid.
The requisitioning department may indicate suggested vendors. The final selection of a vendor is made by Procurement Services, in collaboration with the requisitioning department.
Only personnel authorized to obligate the University in a purchase transaction may formally refer vendors to Procurement Services Department.
F. Requests for Bids
The Procurement Services Department, in collaboration with the requisitioning department, solicits competitive quotations or bids in accordance with the following guidelines:
Amount of Purchase
Guideline
up to $10,000
The Procurement Services Dept. decides whether or not to solicit quotations depending on the competitive nature, price of the items required, and risk factor.
$10,001 and up
The Procurement Services Dept will obtain or require that the requesting department obtain at least three competitive written quotations. Sole source purchases require only one written quotation. Exceptions are determined by the Procurement Services Dept. depending on the competitive nature, price of the items required, and risk factor.
The Procurement Services Department is responsible for assuring that all quotations submitted by vendors meet the quality standards that are stipulated by the requesting department.
An exception is made (1) in the case of repetitious purchasing of standard items and (2) for items available only from a sole source.
For consumable supplies and contracted services, bids will be renegotiated on a periodic basis; in most cases a Blanket Purchase Order will be issued annually. Procurement Services, in cooperation with the requisitioning department, will select vendors.
In the event that the requisitioning department has obtained the quotations directly from the vendors, the documentation supporting these quotations must accompany the requisition that is delivered to the Procurement Services Department. Proposals, bids or any other original documentation pertaining to the order are to be filed in the Procurement Services Department.
Quoted prices are to be held in confidence by the person responsible for purchasing and each transaction shall be considered on its own merits. Bids and price information are considered confidential and are not to be shared with competing vendors.
G. Delivery
The Procurement Services Department and Central Receiving are the control points for all goods received by the University, with the exception of the Dental School. In some instances, however, arrangements are made to ship to another designated location.
Delivery time varies by product, company and according to the availability of the item. If an order is not received by the promised delivery date or within seven to fourteen working days, the requisitioning department should call Procurement Services for a status report on the order.
H. Shortages and Damages
Shortages or damaged merchandise must be reported immediately to the Procurement Services Department and such information must be clearly noted on the delivery/packing slip and all boxes and packing materials must be saved in order to facilitate returns. Forward the delivery/packing slip to Procurement Services so the vendor can be contacted and appropriate action taken.
I. Return Merchandise
In the event that a department needs to return merchandise to a vendor, Procurement Services must be notified. Procurement Services will contact the vendor to obtain a Return Authorization number before returning the item. Procurement Services will then contact the department with the information required to return the merchandise, such as completing the revision form, in order to ensure proper return of materials and credit to the account.
J. Invoices
All invoices must be mailed directly to Accounts Payable rather than to University departments to expedite a timely payment. Original invoices are required in order to initiate the payment process. Original invoices that relate to properly approved purchase orders or contracts do not require any further approvals. Original invoices which have not been approved through the purchase order or contract procedure will be forwarded to the respective department to start the approval authority process.
If for any reason the invoice should not be paid, the requesting department needs to notify Accounts Payable immediately.
In the case of a discrepancy in information between the invoice and the purchase order, the Procurement Services Department must resolve the discrepancy.
K. Types of Orders
L.1 - Purchase Requisition – this represents the internal authorization document to commit the University to make the requested expenditure. It must contain adequate explanation of the goods or services and be authorized in accordance with Section B of this policy.
L.2 - Purchase Order – this represents the commitment document from the University to the vendor for the purchase of the goods or services. It must be signed by the Procurement Services Director or Buyer.
L.3 - Blanket Purchase Order – this represents general authorization to make purchases of goods or services from a specific supplier up to a stated amount. This is generally used when purchases must be made for various departments or cover an extended period of time.
Blanket Order Release – represents the authorization for a specific expenditure against a Blanket Purchase Order.
L.4 - Revision of Purchase Order – represents a change to the previously issued Purchase Order. The appropriate signature approvals are obtained in accordance with Section B of this policy whenever such revisions are requested.
Contract Approval Signature Form – must be used whenever the nature of the expenditure requires that the University must sign a contract or agreement document. In addition to the signatures required in Section B of this policy, the Contract Approval Signature Form requires the approval of the Controller's Office, the Budget Office and the Detroit Mercy Senior Attorney. The signature of the President is required on the Contract Approval Signature Form for all contracts and agreements that exceed $50,000. Only the President and Vice Presidents are authorized to sign the respective contract or agreement document.
Check Request – the Check Request Form may be used to make a cash disbursement when other disbursement documents will not be available for the transaction. It must contain adequate explanation of the goods or services and be authorized in accordance with Section B of this policy. The approver of the document cannot be the payee.
L. Prepaid Orders
In the event that a vendor requires full or partial prepayment of an order, the requisitioning department specifies the dollar amount that is to be prepared, in the description portion of the requisition. Procurement Services assigns a PO number and a check will be issued. Procurement Services then mails the PO with the check to the vendor. There will be additional processing time for such transactions in order to comply with the Accounts Payable check-writing schedule.
M. Emergency Orders
In the event services or supplies are needed in an emergency, the requisitioning department will notify the Procurement Services Department by phone or email of the urgency of the item. Procurement Services will assign a PO number and expedite the purchase. This process will be allowed only on an exception basis and can be used only at the discretion of the Procurement Services Department.
N. COD
The University does not pay cash on delivery (COD) for purchases.
O. Sales Tax
The University is exempt from Michigan State Sales and Use Tax. The tax exempt number is stated on the Purchase Order. Upon request, the Procurement Services Department will furnish a tax exemption statement on University letterhead.
P. Restricted Funds
Restricted funds are provided by various government agencies and private donors for specific University projects. Use of such restricted funds is controlled by the conditions, rules and regulations of the funding source, as well as by applicable University guidelines.
Q. Specific Purchases and Services
Service Contracts, Maintenance Agreements and Leases Contracts for service (excluding employment) leases and rentals must be submitted to the Procurement Services Department for review and approval prior to entering into an agreement with the company. In addition to the approval signatures discussed in Section B and Section K, all lease and rental contracts require the approval of the Vice President for Business and Finance. A copy of the agreement will be maintained on file in the Procurement Services Department.
Consulting Services Contracts for consulting services in excess of $10,000 are awarded on the basis of competitive bids (rate quotes are required for federal awards above $3,000) and are subject to approval discussed in Section B and Section K. However, if the contract is for a highly specialized service where a public bid would not be appropriate, a bid waiver may be requested. Terms for paying consultants should be thoroughly documented in the written contract agreement.
Travel/Conference Registration Generally, Purchase Orders are not used for travel, conferences or seminars. The "Travel Request Form," available on-line or in the Accounts Payable and Procurement Services Department, must be completed and returned to Procurement Services. When air travel is required, a TR number is assigned by Procurement Services. Employees are required to submit an approved Employee Expense & Reimbursement Form within 30 days of their return from the business trip. Please refer to the separate instructions and detail policy for Travel Expenditures.
Moving/Relocation When employment at the University requires a new employee to relocate, the President may authorize payment of moving expenses by the University. Departments are to submit their request to Procurement Services on a Purchase Requisition.
Personal Purchases Because of the tax-exempt status of the University, the Procurement Services Department cannot issue purchase orders for personal purchases. Vendors may not offer discounts to employees unless there is a University-wide program that is available to all employees.
Construction, Renovation and Refurbishing All requests for construction, renovation and refurbishing must be approved by Facilities Operations. As a general rule, requests for such expenditures should be submitted as part of the annual budget process so they can be considered for inclusion in the deferred maintenance and capital expenditures plan. See the Facilities Request system.
Copiers Procurement Services is responsible for the selection, purchase and maintenance contract for all University copiers. Questions regarding copiers or service should be directed to the Procurement Services Department or the Copy Center at 993-1661.
Office Supplies See OfficeMaxsolutions.com login.
Purchase of Computer Hardware, audio-visual equipment, software, and telecommunications equipment To acquire the above, University departments should consult with the Information Technology Services Dept. (ITS) Pre-Purchase/Inventory Dept. before initiating a requisition.
ITS will assist departments in selecting hardware/software based upon department need and University Standards.
ITS will bid out when appropriate, and generate the requisition on behalf of the requesting department... The requesting department will be required to provide the account number and authorization signatures prior to submission to Procurement Services for processing.
All equipment is to be delivered to ITS for proper asset tagging and pre-configuration prior to installation.
Procurement Services will complete and process the purchase order. Departments can access the Purchase Order online, which includes vendor information, purchase order number and actual cost.
If the order has not been received within three weeks, the requesting department should contact the ITS department for a status report.
Printing — Routine duplicating jobs must be handled through the Copy Center. Printing jobs that are considered high-end require three written quotations, one of which must be from Hatteras. Such quotations must be attached to the Purchase Requisition that is forwarded to the Procurement Services Department. Each high-end printing job must have a separate Purchase Order. See Printing Services
Mail Services— Detroit Mercy uses a centralized approach for providing mail services in order to minimize costs and maximize efficiency. Accordingly, all requests for such services must be handled through the Mail Services Department.
R. Unallowable Expenditures
In accordance with University policy, the following expenditures are NOT considered legitimate charges against the University budget:
Office refreshments, including coffee makers and supplies.
Flowers, greeting cards and personal gifts.
Holiday decorations.
Personal ornamental items for offices.
Personal expenditures of any type.
Any expenditure not supported by a valid invoice from the person selling such goods and services.
S. Surplus Property
Excess and surplus property (e.g., office furniture) is maintained, distributed and/or disposed of by Facilities Department.
Appendix A
Procurement Services Department Code of Ethics
The University is a member of the National Association of Educational Buyers (NAEB). The University has adopted the following NAEB Code of Ethics:
Give first consideration to the objectives and policies of this institution.
Strive to obtain the maximum value for each dollar of expenditure.
Decline personal gifts or gratuities.
Grant all competitive suppliers equal consideration insofar as state or federal statute and institutional policy permits.
Conduct business with potential and current suppliers in an atmosphere of good faith, devoid of intentional misrepresentation.
Demand honesty in sales representation whether offered through the medium of a verbal or written statement, an advertisement or a sample of the product.
Receive consent of the originator of proprietary ideas and designs before using them for competitive purchasing purposes.
Make every reasonable effort to negotiate an equitable and mutually agreeable settlement of any controversy with a supplier, and/or be willing to submit any major controversies to arbitration or other third party review, insofar as the established policies of this institution permit.
Accord a prompt and courteous reception, insofar as conditions permit, to all who call on legitimate business missions.
Cooperate with trade, industrial and professional associations and with governmental and private agencies for the purpose of promoting and developing sound business methods.
Foster fair, ethical and legal trade practices.
Counsel and cooperate with NAEB members and promote a spirit of unity and a keen interest in professional growth among them.
Expense Reimbursement Policy
The purpose of this Policy is to provide uniform guidelines for employee reimbursement of expenses incurred in the necessary performance of duties associated with employment at the University of Detroit Mercy. It is the policy of the University to treat every employee with respect and to promote an atmosphere that fosters trust, empowerment and ownership. Individuals are encouraged to plan all travel with the principles of fiscal austerity and energy conservation in mind, to spend the University's money as if it were their own, and to make maximum use of personal computers and the internet, the telephone and postal service as a way to minimize the need for travel. Reimbursement to employees for business travel and entertainment will be processed as a direct deposit. Employees seeking reimbursement must first enroll in direct deposit for Reimbursement/Advance. Reimbursements/advances must be submitted within 30 calendar days after the expense(s) has occurred or trip completed.
The Department Director/Associate Vice President/Dean/Vice President (the manager) with budget authority is responsible for determining that all expenses for which reimbursement is being sought are reasonable and consistent with sound business practices and appropriately supported with receipts.
Open All | Close All
I. Definitions/Forms
"Employee" — any officer, administrator, faculty member, or staff member who submits a claim for travel reimbursement and is entitled to actual, reasonable and necessary expenses.
"Authorizing Signer" — the appropriate Vice President, Associate Vice President, Dean, Associate Dean, Manager or Department Head with budgetary responsibility who is designated to authorize travel for University purposes.
Responsibility of the Authorizing Signer:
To attest the University's Policies and Procedures have been read and understood and the expenditures being authorized adhere to those policies.
To attest the expenditure is for official University business and is authorized based on the needs for the University.
Conflict in Terms
If differences or inconsistencies exist between this policy and any union agreement, the terms and conditions of the union agreement shall be controlling.
Travel Request Form
The Travel Request form (TR) is used to preauthorize the employee's travel. The form is to be filled out by the employee whether making flight reservations through Corporate Travel Services, Inc. (CTS), an Internet travel site, or other travel agencies. The travel authorization number (TR#) issued by Procurement Services must be given to CTS when making flight reservations. (See Section II A).
Employee Advance Request Form
Subject to the approval of an authorizing signer, travel advances may be issued when an employee's estimated travel expenses are expected to exceed $250. Estimated expenses should be detailed on the Employee Advance Request form and submitted to Procurement Services. For the Employee Advance Request form and Travel Advance Request instructions document, see the Forms page. Please note that all travel advances will be paid to the employee as a direct deposit. (See direct deposit instructions in Section XI) Employees wishing to receive a travel advance must enroll in direct deposit for Reimbursement/Advance. (See Section X).
Employee Expense and Travel Reimbursement Form
The Employee Expense and Travel Reimbursement form (EE&TR) is to be completed by the employee for any type of expense incurred for which the employee is seeking reimbursement from the University (University or Detroit Mercy), including hotel, airline, mileage for usage of a personal vehicle, business meeting expenses, etc. (See Section XI)
Please note: 1) all reimbursements must be submitted within 30 calendar days after the expense(s) has occurred or trip completed; 2) all reimbursements will be paid to the employee as a direct deposit. Employees requesting a reimbursement must enroll in direct deposit for reimbursement and advances through My Portal self-service. Even if you are enrolled for direct deposit for payroll, separate enrollment is required for reimbursement and advances.
Hospitality
Hospitality expenditures include the provision of food, beverages, activities, or events for the purpose of promoting and furthering the mission of the University. (See Section IX).
II. Transportation — Air
Reimbursement requested for the cost of air travel shall not exceed the cost of the most direct form of transportation provided by a public carrier.
If an individual, for personal convenience, does not use the most direct route or most direct form of transportation, and incurs additional expense, such additional expenses shall be considered personal with reimbursement limited accordingly.
The University does not provide reimbursement for the incremental cost of travel in private aircraft, or first-class or business-class accommodations.
Corporate Travel Agency
The University's corporate travel agency is CTS. By coordinating travel arrangements through CTS, the employee's airfare will be directly charged to the University, so the employee will not have to pay for this cost in advance of the trip and will not have to seek reimbursement from the University after the trip.
Air travel reservations through CTS should be made as follows:
Contact Corporate Travel at 313-565-8888
Kim Bedford, extension 293
Julie Carr, extension 299
Kathleen Sacks, extension 152
Identify yourself as a Detroit Mercy employee and provide CTS with your air travel requirements. When possible, be flexible by giving a variety of departure and arrival options to secure the lowest fare.
Complete the TR and email the signed form to Procurement Center Director Tina Maitland at maitlata@udmercy.edu, or Procurement Center Buyer Stacey King at kingst1@udmercy.edu or fax 313-993-1011 to Procurement Services.
CTS will invoice Detroit Mercy directly for all flight arrangements.
Flight insurance coverage is not an allowable reimbursable expense.
Other Reservation Procedures
On-line Travel Providers
If an on-line travel provider is used due to a lower airfare, the cost will be reimbursed provided the confirmation page indicating the confirmation number, total cost and proof of payment is attached to an EE&TR.
Other Travel Agencies
If another travel agency has quoted a lower rate, that agency may be used instead of CTS. However, the employee must obtain a quote from CTS on the same day as the other quote is received for the same itinerary as documentation of the savings.
When submitting an EE&TR for reimbursement of the airfare, the employee must attach the quotes and proof of payment of the other travel agency's charge. Proof of payment consists of an original invoice indicating "Paid in Full."
III. Transportation — Automobile
A. Personal Car
Employees who are authorized to use their personal vehicle for University business shall be reimbursed at the current IRS approved business mileage rate. The IRS rate is communicated to the Detroit Mercy community at the beginning of each calendar year via an email from the Procurement Services Department.
The IRS business mileage rate includes all costs of operating a vehicle. No other costs of operating a personal vehicle will be reimbursed.
Traffic citations, parking tickets and other traffic violation expenses are the personal responsibility of the employee.
If the destination warrants air travel but the employee chooses to drive for his/her own convenience, the reimbursement will be limited to the lesser of the cost of airfare, as quoted by CTS/Internet provider/other travel agency, or reimbursement for driving a personal vehicle or rental car.
Reimbursement for meals and lodging shall not exceed what would ordinarily have been required had the most practical form of transportation been used.
The employee will be responsible for submitting a written quote for the cost of airfare along with a cost estimate of driving. Complete the Travel Comparison Worksheet to support the cost of driving.
The Procurement Services Department shall give due consideration to the circumstances in each case when determining the most practical means of transportation.
An employee's privately owned vehicle should be used rather than obtaining a rental car for travel within the state or Great Lakes Region if it is more cost effective to do so.
Use the Travel Comparison Worksheet to determine the cost.
Mileage will be calculated using the most direct route. The EE&TR must include the point of origin, destination, dates of travel, business purpose and the number of miles driven per day.
An explanation must be provided for mileage in excess of normal mileage necessary for conducting official University business.
When an employee travels directly from their place of residence, commuting mileage (from the employee's home to primary campus work site) must be excluded from total business mileage claimed. Attach MapQuest/Google maps to the EE&TR to support the business mileage.
Mileage for travel between Detroit Mercy campuses will not be reimbursed except for necessary and approved mileage by non-exempt (hourly staff) employees.
The EE&TR should also be used to claim reimbursement for local mileage. Business mileage for local appointments should be accumulated on a log noting the date, starting point and destination point, round trip mileage and the client/customer affiliation and purpose for the visit.
Attach a mileage log to the EE&TR to support the total business mileage claimed for reimbursement. Local business mileage should be accumulated and reimbursement requested at least monthly for frequent travelers.
Carpooling is encouraged when several Detroit Mercy employees will be traveling to the same destination.
In the event an employee is involved in an accident in his/her personal vehicle while traveling on Detroit Mercy business, the employee is responsible for damage to the vehicle and any bodily injury or property damage to others they may cause. The employee is expected to maintain appropriate insurance covering damage liability and medical costs.
Employees should obey all laws and operate their vehicle with the utmost safety in mind.
B. Car Rentals
The University has contracted with Enterprise Rent-a-Car (Enterprise) for all authorized university business transportation needs on a local basis. Enterprise will bill the University directly for the related rental charges.
To rent a car, the driver must be a Detroit Mercy employee with a valid driver's license.
Only the reasonable cost of compact models is reimbursable unless Enterprise documents that such models are not available.
Procedure to rent a car:
Submit a requisition to Enterprise through My Portal.
Contact Enterprise (248-426-1322 or 313-270-3100) and identify yourself as a Detroit Mercy employee.
Give Enterprise the purchase order number and Detroit Mercy's account number (D794675).
Arrange with Enterprise for pick up or delivery of the rental vehicle.
The employee must inspect the vehicle for damage before and after the rental period and note any damage on the rental agreement.
Detroit Mercy's insurance policy provides comprehensive general liability and physical damage coverage for rental vehicles driven my Detroit Mercy employees. Therefore, insurance from any car rental agency is not necessary.
In the event of an accident while conducting University business, Detroit Mercy will be responsible for the cost of damages which exceed the policy's deductible. The cost will be charged to the department that rented the vehicle.
Personal accident insurance purchased by an employee is not reimbursable by Detroit Mercy. Employees are covered by workman's compensation insurance while traveling on official university business.
In the event of an accident, regardless of the amount of damage or injury, the employee must contact local law enforcement and submit an accident report.
The employee must also contact the Controller's Office (313-993-1268) as soon as possible during regular business hours to report the accident.
If the vehicle is rented out of state without a purchase order in the employee's name, and reserved and paid for with an employee's personal credit card, the employee must sign the contract with their name/University of Detroit Mercy (e.g., John Doe/University of Detroit Mercy).
A rental vehicle is authorized for business-related travel only. The vehicle may not be used for personal side trips. The Detroit Mercy employee is the only authorized driver of the vehicle.
Rental vehicles must be returned completely refueled in order to avoid excessive vendor refueling charges.
Under no circumstances will the employee be reimbursed for fines for traffic or parking violations.
Employees should obey all laws and operate their vehicle with the utmost safety in mind.
C. Parking Meter and Toll Charges
Reimbursement will be provided for parking meter and toll charges for roads, bridges, etc., which are incurred during business travel. Such costs will be reimbursed to the employee when properly submitted on an EE&TR. Original receipts are not necessary for individual charges under $10.
D. Travel to and from Detroit Metropolitan Airport
Reimbursement for transportation costs to Detroit Metropolitan Airport (DTW) is allowed for personal vehicle round-trip mileage less normal round-trip commuting mileage. (See Section III, A, 5 to calculate reimbursable round trip mileage).
Reimbursement for parking fees at DTW airport is allowed. Employees are encouraged to use the less expensive satellite parking options when possible. A receipt is required to substantiate the parking fees submitted for reimbursement.
If the employee chooses to take another form of transportation, such as a taxi or limousine, the expense will be limited to the lesser of — The round trip mileage expense to the airport, less normal round trip commuting mileage, plus airport parking fees at an allowed rate of $8 per day; — or, the actual cost of the alternate form of transportation taken.
A receipt is required for requesting reimbursement for alternate forms of transportation to DTW.
IV. Lodging
Employees are encouraged to use reasonable lodging accommodations. However, attendance at a convention, seminar or University sponsored function may make it appropriate for the traveler to stay at the hotel serving the meeting site. In the event University employees are traveling together, shared accommodations are encouraged when appropriate.
Reservations
Employees are responsible for making their own hotel reservation.
When attending a conference/convention, the employee will request the applicable conference/convention rate.
CTS can be contacted for specific hotel needs, corporate rates or promotional rates.
Online reservations are encouraged because discounts are frequently offered by Internet providers.
The employee will be responsible for obtaining a guarantee for late arrival at the time the reservation is made. Employees are to observe posted checkout times in order to avoid a charge for the day of departure.
Cancellations
In the event a business trip is canceled or changed, the employee will be responsible for making the necessary changes in his/her reservations.
Hospitality Rooms
The University will reimburse for the rental of a hospitality room and the associated snacks and beverages if the room is necessary for conducting business for the University.
Reimbursement
A machine-printed hotel receipt detailing charges must support all lodging expenses.
The per night cost of lodging, including room taxes, should be reported by day on the EE&TR.
Charges for room service are limited to the meal rates and charges discussed below.
Meals are to be reported and reimbursed at per diem rates (See section VI)
Private Homes
Expenses for lodging at homes of relatives or friends in lieu of staying at a hotel shall be reimbursed to a maximum of $40 per day.
V. Miscellaneous Travel and Lodging Expenses
Amounts claimed for miscellaneous travel and lodging expenses must be identified and reported by day in the "Other" category provided on the EE&TR.
Receipts are not required unless the amounts claimed are in excess of the allowed daily or weekly totals outlined below.
Baggage & Excess Baggage Fees
Charges for baggage and excess baggage will be reimbursed if required for university-related travel.
Business Guest
The department is encouraged to make travel arrangements through CTS. The hosting department is responsible for sending the paperwork for expense reimbursement requests to the Procurement Services Department.
Changes/Reissues
Any fees charged for business related flight changes will be reimbursed to the employee if documentation is included in a properly completed and authorized EE&TR.
Gratuities
Necessary gratuities to hotel employees are reimbursable. These costs should be reasonable compared to the costs of the services provided.
Guest/Spouse Travel
Detroit Mercy will not reimburse the travel costs of a spouse or personal guest. It is the responsibility of the employee to document reimbursable business expenses and to keep a record of such expenses apart from those incurred by the spouse/guest.
Inoculations
Charges for inoculations will be reimbursed if required for university-related international travel.
Internet Service
Hotel Internet service fees will be reimbursed if the service is necessary to perform University business and free services are not available. Fees for Internet services obtained on airplanes or in airports will only be reimbursed if the service is needed to perform University business prior to or during the flight period and no other option is available.
Laundry, Cleaning and Pressing Charges
If the employee is away from home for more than three days, reasonable amounts will be allowed for laundry, cleaning and pressing services to a maximum of $25 per week.
Lost Tickets
Employees are personally responsible for the cost of replacement of all lost paper tickets.
Passports/Visas/Tourist Cards
Passports/visas/tourist cards are personal in nature and will not be reimbursed by Detroit Mercy.
Taxi and Shuttles
While out of town at the business travel location, reasonable charges for taxis and shuttles are reimbursable.
Fare amounts claimed in excess of $15 must be supported with a receipt issued, dated and signed by the taxi or shuttle driver. Report taxi, shuttle fares and parking fees by day in the "Other" category on the EE&TR.
VI. Meal Expense
A. Per Diem —Employees will be reimbursed using the per diem basis for meals within the following guidelines (amounts include tax and tip).
The rates apply to both domestic and international travel. The list of selected cities is shown below the chart.
Per Diem Rates
Per diem rates
Without receipts $25 maximum
With receipts $46 maximum
With receipts $62 maximum Selected cities & international travel
Breakfast
$4
$7
$10
Lunch
$9
$14
$17
Dinner
$12
$25
$35
Partial day Departure/return
$12.50
$23
$31
State/Primary Destination
AZ Phoenix/Scottsdale
CA Los Angeles
CA Monterey
CA Palm Springs
CA San Diego
CA San Francisco
CA Santa Monica
CA South Lake Tahoe
CO Aspen
CO Vail
CT Bridgeport/Danbury
DC District of Columbia
FL Boca Raton/Delray Beach/Jupiter
FL Fort Lauderdale
FL Key West
ID SunValley/Ketchum
MA Baltimore City
MA Boston/Cambridge
MA Burlington/Woburn
MA Martha's Vineyard
MD Ocean City
MN Minneapolis/St Paul
NM Santa Fe
NV Las Vegas
NY Manhattan (including boroughs of Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens and Staten Island)
PA Pittsburgh
RI Jamestown/Newport/Middletown
RI Providence/Bristol
TX Austin
TX Dallas
TX Houston
UT Park City
WA Seattle
All International Destinations
Partial Days — Departure/Return Travel
For the day of departure and the day of return from travel, the meal rate is calculated at 50 percent of the daily per diem. Meals for one-day trips will not be reimbursed.
Conference/Event-Related Meals
Frequently, meals are included in conference or event registration fees. Meals not included in the registration fee will be reimbursed at the per meal rates.
A copy of the conference/event registration form must be attached to the EE&TR.
Business Guests
Reimbursement for a meal provided to a business guest may be included on the EE&TR if the purpose of the meal is to discuss University business. The name of all attendees, their affiliation and the business purpose must be indicated on the EE&TR.
A detailed/itemized receipt must be provided (not the customer copy of the credit card receipt).
Costs for alcoholic beverages are reimbursable expenses only when the Detroit Mercy employee is hosting a business guest. If a meal with a business guest occurs during out of town travel, reimbursement for the other meals for that day are limited to the per meal rates cited above.
VII. Non-Reimbursable Expenses
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcohol is not a reimbursable travel expense unless it is included in the registration fee of a conference or other event or is served when hosting a university guest.
Child Care Expenses
Expenses for child care while the employee is traveling are not reimbursable.
Personal Entertainment
The employee will not be reimbursed by Detroit Mercy for expenses for personal entertainment such as in-room movies, video rentals, health club fees and personal grooming costs.
Personal Guest
The cost of the guest's (i.e. spouse, friend, parents, siblings, and children) meals and travel expenses are at the discretion of the employee and will not be reimbursed by Detroit Mercy.
Pet Care Fees
Expenses incurred for boarding a pet are not reimbursable.
Telephone
Calls required for business purposes will be reimbursed. One (1) personal phone call or Internet connection will be paid up to $12/day; charge must be listed on the hotel bill.
Theft and Damages
Theft, loss of funds, damage or loss of personal luggage should be submitted to the employee's personal insurance company.
Tips and Gratuities
Tips and gratuities are included in the daily per diem rate for meals listed above. No reimbursement will be made for gratuities given to restaurant staff which are in excess of those rates.
Travel Accident Insurance
Supplemental travel insurance coverage is at the discretion of the employee and will not be reimbursed by Detroit Mercy.
VIII. Job Candidate Travel Expenses
The University may reimburse a job candidate for all or part of the reasonable and necessary travel expenses incurred in connection with candidate interviews. The manager with budget responsibility must give prior authorization for such reimbursement before the expenses are incurred. Expenses incurred by the candidate are to be charged to the applicable department's employee recruitment budget line (account code 7238) and are to be processed on a Check Request. Employees are encouraged to use CTS to book flight arrangements for job candidates.
IX. Hospitality Expenses
Hospitality expenses include the provision of food, beverages, activities, or events for the purpose of promoting and furthering the mission of the University. Hospitality expenses are generally reimbursable when they are reasonable in amount, include outside individuals, and are clearly required to advance the mission of the University.
The following guidelines should be followed when seeking reimbursement for hospitality expenses:
On-campus hospitality activities must use the University's Dining Services (Metz Culinary Management or Dining Services) unless Metz Culinary Management is given the opportunity in advance of the event to indicate that it cannot provide the specific services needed for the activity. Charges for the costs of such activities will be made directly to the hosting department through the Interdepartmental Charge (IDC) process.
In those rare instances where food and beverages for on-campus activities is not provided by Metz Culinary Management, employees will be reimbursed by completing an EE&TR. As a general rule, these types of expenses should be minor in dollar amount and represent the exception rather than the rule.
Whenever possible, university facilities should be used for all University sponsored meetings, conferences and training sessions. The use of private facilities, including personal residences, as well as the types of meals and refreshments to be provided, must be approved in advance by the respective Vice President with budget responsibility.
Reimbursable Hospitality Expenses
Business Hospitality includes:
Meals and refreshments at Business Meetings.
Meals and refreshments are allowed when the meetings include outside individuals and there is a clear business purpose associated with the meeting.
Meals and refreshments may be allowed when employees are required to attend a meeting and there is a bona fide business purpose for the meeting.
Meals involving only Detroit Mercy employees (as opposed to refreshments) are only eligible for reimbursement when:
A business meeting causes the participants to work through a period in which they would normally be expected to have a meal,
The meeting could not reasonably be scheduled at another time.
Business Meetings include:
University sponsored seminars, retreats, workshops, orientations.
University sponsored meetings of advisory groups, outside reviewers, or committees.
Meals should not be provided for regularly scheduled department meetings which include only Detroit Mercy employees.
Alcoholic Beverages
The purchase of alcoholic beverages is permitted for hospitality events and meals with guests when approved in advance by the respective Vice President with budget responsibility.
Business Host/Hostess Gifts
Gifts for guests, lecturers, hosts, volunteers, etc. are limited to $25.
Non-reimbursable Hospitality Expenses
University funds may not be used for:
Retirement dinners or gifts which are held outside of the University authorization guidelines. The cost of retirement lunches, dinners and gifts is the responsibility of the host and/or attendees.
Purchasing gifts or flowers for events such as birthdays, bridal showers, baby showers or funerals.
Meals/refreshments for regularly scheduled department meetings.
Department sponsored retreats and workshops.
See Attachment A for a detailed chart of reimbursable hospitality expenses.
X. Advance for Travel Expenses
Advances may be made only when estimated expenses to the employee are expected to exceed $250. Estimated expenses should be detailed on the Employee Advance Request.
Advances are subject to the following guidelines:
The Employee Advance Request must have all appropriate approvals before submitting to Procurement Services. The advance will be processed as a direct deposit. (See direct deposit instructions.) Employees wishing to receive a travel advance must first enroll in direct deposit for Reimbursement/Advance.
Advances will not be made available to the employee more than two weeks prior to travel departure or event
Only two (2) travel advances will be allowed for an employee at any given time.
Travel advances will only be issued for travel requiring overnight stays.
Single trip advances:
Must be accounted for on an EE&TR within 30 calendar days following the completion of the scheduled trip.
The amount due to the employee will be reduced by any advance received.
A direct deposit will be issued for the net amount due the employee.
If the advance obtained by the employee exceeds the actual expenditures for the respective trip, the excess funds must be paid to the cashier at the Student Accounting Office. The cash receipt from the Student Accounting Office must accompany the EE&TR when it is submitted to Procurement Services.
In the event the EE&TR is not submitted within 30 calendar days following the completion of the scheduled trip, the travel advance will be recovered through payroll deduction. Payroll deductions will be reasonable amounts over a period not to exceed 26 pays.
XI. Forms and Instructions
EE&TR: Employee Expense and Travel Reimbursement Form
EE&TR Instructions
Employee Advance Request
Employee Advance Instructions
Travel Request (TR)
Travel Comparison Worksheet
Direct Deposit Instructions for Employee Reimbursements and Advances
Sign in to the My Portal.
Click on the My Portal Self Service link.
Click on the Employee Tab.
Click on Pay Information.
Click on Employee Direct Deposit for Reimbursement and Advances.
Enter your bank information, follow the instructions.
Accounts Payable can take only one bank account, unlike Payroll. You do need to re-enter your information, even if it is already in Payroll.
Attachment A
To view Attachment A, please download the PDF.
Apply
Visit
Get Info
Contact
Give