http://www.uconn.edu/disclaimers-privacy-copyright/
Skip to Content
UConn
Search University of Connecticut
A to Z Index
Menu
Close mobile nav menu
A-Z Index
Search
Admissions
Prospective Students
Tuition and Costs
Visit Campus
About Us
Administration
History
Academics
Schools and Colleges
Academic Resources
Enrichment Opportunities
Campus Life
Living on Campus
Campus Health & Safety
Arts & Culture
Activities & Recreation
Research
Athletics
UConn Health
Campuses
Admissions
Prospective StudentsTuition and CostsVisit CampusAbout Us
AdministrationHistoryAcademics
Schools and CollegesAcademic ResourcesEnrichment OpportunitiesCampus Life
Living on CampusCampus Health & SafetyArts & CultureActivities & RecreationResearchAthleticsUConn HealthCampuses
Disclaimers, Privacy & Copyright
Disclaimers, Privacy & Copyright
UConn’s website comprises websites and webpages of the University’s departments, offices, and other units, as well as those of individual UConn faculty, staff, and students. The views and opinions expressed by individual faculty, staff, and students on these personal webpages are strictly those of the page authors. The contents of these personal pages have not been reviewed or approved by the University of Connecticut.
Privacy Notices
In order to provide you with the services and support the University offers as part of its mission and purposes, we at times need to collect, store and/or process certain information about prospective and current members of our University community, as well as our website guests. The University of Connecticut values your privacy and takes the protection of personal information very seriously. We recognize that these efforts require us to secure your information appropriately and to handle it respectfully. We have developed various privacy notices and posted them on this University Privacy Notices webpage to provide information about our data collection and processing practices. These notices will inform you in greater detail about the types of information we collect, how we may use it and how we maintain it based upon the relationship(s) you may have with the University.
University Privacy Notices are available by visiting the Office of Privacy Protection & Management’s website.
Non-Discrimination Policy Statement
The University of Connecticut does not discriminate in its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religious creed, age, sex, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disabilities (including learning disabilities, intellectual disabilities, past/present history of a mental disorder), prior conviction of a crime (or similar characteristic), workplace hazards to reproductive systems, gender identity or expression, or other legally protected classifications. Retaliation is also prohibited. The University will comply with state and federal laws such as Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment and Rights Act, Executive Order 11246 and other similar laws that prohibit discrimination, all as amended. The University prohibits sexual and gender-based harassment, including sexual assault and other forms of interpersonal violence.
The following office has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act, and related statutes and regulations:
Office of Institutional Equity
241 Glenbrook Road
Wood Hall, Unit 4175
Storrs, CT
860.486.2943
email: equity@uconn.edu
The following individual has been designated the University’s Title IX Coordinator, Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Coordinator, and Section 504 Coordinator:
Elizabeth Conklin
Office of Institutional Equity
241 Glenbrook Road
Wood Hall, Unit 4175
Storrs, CT
860.486.2943
email: equity@uconn.edu
websites: titleix.uconn.edu, equity.uconn.edu, accessibility.uconn.edu
Complaints of discrimination, harassment and retaliation may be directed to the Office of Institutional Equity. Complaints may also be filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Connecticut Commission for Human Rights and Opportunities, and the Department of Education Office for Civil Rights.
Please note that the University also maintains a related non-discrimination policy: The Policy Against Discrimination, Harassment, and Related Interpersonal Violence.
Revised May 2019
Copyright Statement
All documents, webpages, photographs and images are the property of or licensed by the University of Connecticut, except where noted. Permission is required to copy, download, or use any text, photographs, or image files.
For more information on copyright laws for the University’s individual and departmental websites, contact UConn’s Office of University Communications at 860.486.3530. There is additional copyright information on the UConn Libraries website.
For copyright information regarding the UConn homepage, contact the UConn Webmaster.
To download the University’s logos, visit the University’s brand website.
For use of UConn athletics logos and insignia, such as the Husky Dog, contact Kyle Muncy in the Division of Athletics:
Office: 860.486.9097
Cell: 860.208.8624
E-mail: kyle.muncy@uconn.edu
UConn Athletics Trademark Licensing and Branding