https://www.acoustiguide.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyj.tinoco.it2019-08-13T16:21:40-04:00
Welcome to Acoustiguide Group. (“Acoustiguide Group”, or “Acoustiguide”, hereinafter includes all companies as indicated under Worldwide Offices, see list here) Website. Acoustiguide Group respects your privacy and asks that you read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use of Acoustiguide Group (“Acoustiguide”) available for your review at Terms of Use page. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please leave the Website and discontinue any use thereof.
For clarity, it is expressed herein that use of any kind of the Acoustiguide Group Website and/or any services, features and/or products provided on or through the website (collectively, the “Website”) is subject to this privacy policy, including any amendments and revisions hereto (please see below as to Updates to our Privacy Policy).
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Acoustiguide takes your privacy seriously. We gather certain types of information about our users, as detailed below, and we want to help you understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information which we collect. This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
The Website is not directed to children under the age of 13 and does not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. This requirement is clearly posted in the Website Terms & Conditions and during relevant registration process.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Personal Information. Use of certain features of the Website, such as registering to our news service or any kind of ordering services, may require submission of certain personal information, including your first and last name, email address, a nickname (or other user ID), a password, profession, address, education, and payment means (credit cards, paypal accounts). Considering that such personal information is user submitted information, we assume that by registering with us, and whenever you log in to our Website, you acknowledge that you are no longer necessarily anonymous to us.
Non personally identifiable Information. Acoustiguide may also collect or receive additional non-personally and non-individually identifiable information, such as but not limited to, IP address, browser type, aggregate user data and certain other technical information of the kind.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION BEING USED?
The information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by Acoustiguide; to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of the Website; and to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest.
Please note that Acoustiguide may use your personally identifiable information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. However, while Acoustiguide’s business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate unidentifiable data about Acoustiguide users, any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information. Please note that Acoustiguide may display on the Website targeted ads, in which case, upon your interaction with or viewing of an ad you acknowledge and consent to the possibility that such advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria used.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, your information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures, as determined by Acoustiguide in good faith. Furthermore, Acoustiguide may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Acoustiguide or the Website, in which case the information could become subject to a different privacy policy.
COOKIES
Acoustiguide may use cookies or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Website, including to operate and improve offerings through the Website; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Website; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you.
Acoustiguide does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Website may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies
THIRD PARTY AD SERVERS
Acoustiguide or its advertisers may use other companies known as third party ad servers to help present advertisements online in connection with the Website. These third party ad servers may use cookies or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies, not Acoustiguide’s.
SECURITY
Acoustiguide has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard the personally identifiable information under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
MODIFICATION AND DELETION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Deletion. In order to delete the personally identifiable information you submitted, notify us at Contact Us that you wish to delete your personally identifiable information or any part thereof contained at our databases.
Modification. If you wish to modify or update your personally identifiable information, use the Website or application interface. If you need help, please contact us at Contact Us.
Please note that deletion of your personally identifiable information from Acoustiguide’s database will not prevent Acoustiguide from using gathered anonymous information.
THIRD PARTIES’ PRACTICES
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other providers of products or services, advertisers or other web Websites, or companies/people that Acoustiguide does not own or control, or does not employ or manage. Acoustiguide’s Website contains links to other websites and content of web-based sources. Acoustiguide has no control over any such sources, and therefore, ACOUSTIGUIDE GROUP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE AND/OR LIABLE FOR THE PRIVACY POLICIES APPLICABLE TO SUCH SOURCES. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Website by Acoustiguide. When linking to another web-based source you should review the privacy policy stated on that source.
Governing Law
The Website is governed by the laws of the state of Israel. If you are accessing the Website from a jurisdiction with privacy laws or regulations that differ from Israeli laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, you are transferring your personal information to Acoustiguide and you consent to that transfer.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, send us an e-mail at Contact Us.