http://www.atozkidsstuff.com/privpolicy.html
Fun Educational Activities
Home
Art
Recipes
Special
Days
Color Pages
Resources
Articles
Links
Privacy
Policy
Privacy Statement for A to Z Kids Stuff
A to Z Kids Stuff has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
our information gathering and dissemination practices for this
website: A to Z Kids Stuff.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and
to administer our Web site. IP addresses are logged to track a user's
session. This gives A to Z Kids Stuff an idea of which parts of our
site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything
personally identifiable. This means that a users session will be
tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
This site contains links to other sites. A to Z Kids Stuff is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact
information (like their email address). The customer's contact
information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may
opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may
contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in
reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our
site. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any
information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting
our site.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here
.
No Spam Policy
We will not sell
your email address to any third party.
Public Forums
This site makes forums, message boards, and/or news groups available
to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us at the point where we request information
about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their
information from our database to not receive future communications or
to no longer receive our service.
1.You can send email.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
1. email
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
D. Young
A to Z Kids Stuff
up to top
Click here to tell a
friend about this site!
Contact Us
Home ·Art
Recipes ·Special Days ·Articles ·Resources ·Links·Toddler·Preschool ·School-Age ·Calendars