https://www.banffcentre.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Search
Donate
Programs
Events
Film Festival
Visit
Arts
Leadership
Conferences
Stories
Menu
Search form
Search
Search
Donate
Programs
EventsFind Events
Online Events
International String Quartet Festival
National Indigenous Peoples Day
Box Office
Film FestivalFestival Home
World Tour
Virtual World Tour
Competitions, Awards + Workshops
Mountain Marketplace
VisitCampus
Dining
Hotels
Walter Phillips Gallery
Sally Borden Fitness
Library and Archives
Webcam
ArtsPerforming Arts
Visual Arts
Indigenous Arts
Literary Arts
Leighton Artists Studios
Media + Production
Artist Facilities
LeadershipWhat We Do
Leadership Intensives
Indigenous Leadership
Cultural Leadership
Systems Leadership
Custom Programs
Supporters
ConferencesConference Home
Meet and Connect
Stay and Dine
The Destination
Stories
Privacy Policy
Essential LinksAbout UsPolicies & ProceduresContact Us
PDF AvailablePrivacy Policy PDF
The Banff Centre is committed to protecting and maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines the principles and practices The Banff Centre follows in administering personal information.
“Personal information” refers to information that identifies you as an individual and can include your name, address, telephone number, age, gender ethnicity, financial information, educational history and regulatory information. (A full definition of “Personal Information” is contained in section 1(n) of the Alberta Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (“FOIP”).)
Amongst other things, this Privacy Policy describes:
What information The Banff Centre collects from you, how it is used and who it is disclosed to;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data;
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information; and
What action you can take to correct any inaccurate personal information.
Information Collection & Use
Automatically Collected Information
When you visit The Banff Centre website, certain software programs automatically receive and store information supplied by your browser and log these to our server. These logs monitor network traffic, capture computer information and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information. Some of the information automatically captured by the servers when you browse our website identifies the following:
The name of the domain and IP address of the computer you used to access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website;
The date and time you accessed our website;
The pages you visited and any documents you downloaded from our website; and
If applicable, the address of any website from which you linked directly to our site.
Generally, the information collected is anonymous statistical data and does not identify who you are. Other information, for example, your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider and should you have concerns on this you should contact your Internet service provider direct, regarding their policies and practices. The Banff Centre makes no attempt to link the information captured with the identity of individuals visiting our website unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected and the programs are not intended to gather specific personal information such as your name, telephone number or e-mail address. The Banff Centre does not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits to our website. Rather, the information captured is used and intended to assist The Banff Centre in making the website more useful to our audience, by learning about the number of visits to our site, monitoring traffic patterns, evaluating online buying patterns and trends from one programming season to the next and determining the types of technology our visitors use.
Voluntary Disclosure of Information
The personal information that you voluntarily provide to The Banff Centre is protected under the provisions of Canada’s federal privacy legislation and specifically in accordance with the standards set out in FOIP.
The Banff Centre has access to and collects personal information that you voluntarily provide to us via the following means - e-mail, website forms, application/registration/membership forms, when subscribing to newsletters, enrolling in an educational/leadership program or conference, making a donation, purchasing tickets to an event/performance, or any other direct contact from you.
The Banff Centre uses the personal information you have provided to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us or to get information to you that you have requested. Some examples of how The Banff Centre uses personal information are, too:
Provide newsletters and brochures and for e-marketing purposes;
Conduct financial transactions;
Mail tickets and provide assistance with ticket purchases;
Respond to inquiries;
Inform you of important changes at The Banff Centre;
Administer contests and promotions;
Notify you of special events and performances;
Generate statistics*;
Thank donors and issue tax receipts;
Invite donors, sponsors and subscribers to special events and functions;
Provide donors with newsletters and stewardship reports regarding their gift;
Provide recognition in print materials; and
Solicit donations.
*Personal information collected by the Office of the Registrar at The Banff Centre (in compliance with section 33(c) FOIP) is collected andmaintained as part of a student record and will be used for the purposes of admission, registration, scholarships and awards, accommodation,issuing tax receipts and sending up follow up educational information. This information will be shared with Statistics Canada, as required by theStatistics Act (Canada) and Alberta Advanced Education, to comply with reporting requirements and for statistical, funding, planning or researchpurposes.
Disclosure of & Access to Information
The Banff Centre will not share or exchange your personal information, or otherwise disclose it to any third party outside of The Banff Centre, other than as is:
Necessary to fulfill your request or the reason you voluntarily provided your personal information to The Banff Centre;
Otherwise indicated in this privacy policy; or
Authorized and/or required by law or other regulatory authority or enactment.
You also have a right to access the personal information which The Banff Centre holds about you (subject to specific and limited exceptions provided in FOIP). You can use the contact information contained in this Privacy Policy if at any time you would like to:
See what data The Banff Centre is holding about you (if any);
Change or correct the data The Banff Centre is holding about you;
Ask The Banff Centre to delete any data about you which it holds; or
Express concerns you have regarding the use of your data by The Banff Centre.
Any such access or correction requests should be made in writing and must provide sufficient detail to enable The Banff Centre to process the request. The Banff Centre may contact you via e-mail in the future to inform you about, amongst other things, programming, news and events, donor opportunities, or changes to this Privacy Policy. However, at any time, you may opt out of any future contact from The Banff Centre or modify your subscription settings; in order to opt out to change your settings, please e-mail rights@banffcentre.ca.
Removal of Content from Website
If you have been involved more directly with The Banff Centre, whether through programming, conferences, as an employee, or otherwise, you may have voluntarily given The Banff Centre permission to record your “image” for the purposes of The Banff Centre website. (Here “image” can mean, but is not limited to (1) still photographs or motion picture made by The Banff Centre of your image, likeness, actions, voice, poses, appearances or other personally identifiable imagery; and/or (2) sound recordings of your voice, whether recorded in connection with an interview, video, film, performance or otherwise in connection with your involvement at The Banff Centre.) If the recording of your image appears on The Banff Centre website and you subsequently have concerns about the use of your image in this capacity please contact rights@banffcentre.ca who can address your concerns and take appropriate remedial action.
Google Analytics
The Banff Centre uses Google Analytics, a Web analytics service provided by Google Inc., which helps measure traffic patterns on our website. Google Analytics uses cookies to log standard Internet information and gather statistics on portions of our website and to track visitor behaviour information, all in an anonymous forum. (A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive and does not allow individuals to be identified.) The Google Analytics service generates data and information about your use of our website, which is then transmitted to Google. However, no personal, identifying information is recorded or provided to Google. This anonymous information is used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and compile statistical reports, which The Banff Centre subsequently uses to improve the digital services we offer to you and make our website more useful to you. This information is only made available to designated staff that requires the information and data to perform their duties.
Google state that the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains. If you choose you can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser, or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. However, for more detailed information about Google Analytics please follow view the Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
Security & Third Parties
The Banff Centre takes precautions to protect information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or destruction.
The Banff Centre website contains links to other third-party websites. The Banff Centre is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of other websites. If you have concerns The Banff Centre encourages you to read each third party websites privacy policy and disclaimers to make your own judgement as to its accuracy, safety and reliability and specifically before accessing any link on The Banff Centre website.
The Banff Centre uses external services and suppliers to assist with some functions, an example being the processing of financial payments for ticket transactions. Such third-party suppliers are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purposes of providing these services.
General
The Banff Centre may make changes to this Privacy Policy in accordance with changes to legal requirements or internal information policies and practices. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about how The Banff Centre manages your personal information please use the following contact information:
foip@banffcentre.ca
FOIP Officer | Banff Centre
Banff, AB | T1L 1H5
Essential LinksAbout UsPolicies & ProceduresContact Us
Phone (Main Switchboard)
403.762.6100
Address
107 Tunnel Mountain Drive
PO Box 1020
Banff, Alberta
Canada
T1L 1H5
About UsEn Français
HistoryHistory
Mission/VisionMission/Vision
President's MessagePresident's Message
Banff Centre Foundation
Board of Governors
Executive Team
Policies & Procedures
Publications
Strategic Plan
Contact UsNavigating Campus
Participant Resources
Work with Us
Newsletters
Media Room
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Enquiry Form
Student Portal
Support Banff Centre
Partners
Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity is located on the lands of Treaty 7 territory. We acknowledge the past, present, and future generations of Stoney Nakoda, Blackfoot, and Tsuut’ina Nations who help us steward this land, as well as honour and celebrate this place.©2020 Banff Centre