http://www.acs.gr/existing_students_policies_privacy/
Privacy Notice
Current Students Policies Privacy
Privacy and Personal Data Protection PolicyInformation on Personal Data Protection in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679Since 25.5.2018 the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, also known as GDPR, is being implemented, which strengthens the framework for the protection of data subjects with regard to the processing of personal data in the European Union. American Community Schools (ACS) with respect to personal data, complies with the GDPR in the context of its activity and scope and takes the respective technical and organizational measures for the effective protection of personal data, in accordance with the GDPR.1. Processor - Contact DetailsACS is considered as processor with the following contact details:Address: 129 Aghias Paraskevis Ave. & Kazantzaki Street, Halandri, Athens GR 15234, Email: dpo@acs.gr2. What personal data is ACS processing and how?The personal data collected and processed by ACS are limited to those necessary for the specific and clearly defined purpose and the specific legal basis, for each circumstance. In this context, the processing that takes place concerns the personal data you provide to ACS when you visit our official web sites, when using our services or interact with us, for example by sending a contact form.Such personal data is:Identification data (e.g., User ID, Full Name, Father’s & Mother's Name, Photo, Identity or Passport Number, etc.)Communication data (e.g. postal address, phones numbers, e-mail address, etc.)Demographic data (e.g., Nationality, Citizenship, Religion, Date of Birth, Place of Birth, Country of Birth etc.)Health Data (e.g. Medical opinions, Medical Certificates, etc.)Curriculum Vitae (CV)In the event that processing is based on consent, ACS follows all the relevant procedures provided by the GDPR.3. Purpose and Lawfulness of processingPersonal information is collected in accordance with the GDPR and the applicable legislation, either at the beginning of your relationship with the School or later, and are processed on a legal basis:consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes for the performance of a contractfor compliance with our legal obligationsin order to protect your or another natural person’s vital interestsfor the performance of a task carried out in the public interestfor the purposes of our legitimate interests,ACS might process your personal data for the following purposes by legal basis:1. Consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposesTo identify and communicate with you2. For the performance of a contractFor communication during pre-contract or contract performance3. For compliance with our legal obligationsTo fulfill our obligations, imposed by current legislation, on our students, our staff and our external collaborators.To fulfill our obligations under applicable law on disclosure to Public Authorities.4. In order to protect your or another natural person’s vital interests5. For the performance of a task carried out in the public interest6. For the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as:To develop and improve our services through your activities and interestsComplaints managementFor the protection and security of our IT systemsFor the protection and safety of our facilitiesTo manage risks from breaching the obligations arising from sponsorship contracts4. Who are the recipients of my personal data?The staff of ACS has access to your personal data, in the course of performing the duties assigned to them by the School as a controller.ACS may be required or entitled to disclose your personal data to a number of third parties such as:Public authoritiesIndependent authoritiesprovided that privacy and confidentiality is always respected.ACS does not share information with other third parties, unless it has obtained your consent.5. How long is my data retained?ACS retains your personal data for a period defined by the applicable legal and regulatory framework.6. What are cookies and why are they collected by ACS?In order to make sure our site is working properly, we may sometimes put a small piece of data known as cookie on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a text file that is stored by a web server on a computer or a mobile device. The content of a cookie can only be retrieved or read by the cookie server. Text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names and some numbers and characters. Cookies are unique to browsers or mobile apps you use, and allow sites to store data, such as your preferences.You can view our Cookies policy here7. How is my data protected?At ACS we work daily to ensure that the personal data we receive:Are processed and treated lawfully and fairly in a transparent manner with respect to the data subjectAre collected solely for specific and legitimate purposesAre adequate, they are related to the purpose for which we collect them and are limited to what is necessaryAre accurate and up-to-dateAre maintained exclusively within the specified timeframe and no longerAre processed in a way as to ensure the necessary security of personal data8. My rights as a data subjectAccessYou may at any time be informed by us of and access to your personal data we hold.CorrectionYou have the right to contact us to correct the data that is inaccurate or incomplete.ErasureIf we are not obliged by law to maintain the data we hold and relate to you, you can ask for your personal data to be deleted.Data PortabilityYou can ask us to forward your data to another authority.The right to oppose and limit processingIn case you disagree with the way we process your personal data, you can request the interruption or limitation of the processingThe right to withdraw consentYou have the right to withdraw your consent to process your data at any time.ACS will make every effort to respond to your request without delay and in any case within one month of receiving it. This period is extended for a further two months if it is necessary taking into account the complexity of the request and the number of requests. ACS will inform you of this extension within one month of receipt of the request and of the reasons for the delay. If you have submitted the request by electronic means, the update is provided, if possible, by electronic means, unless you request otherwise.In case ACS satisfies your request (a) to limit the processing of your data; or (b) to terminate the processing of your data; or (c) to delete your data from the School’s records and if they are necessary for the preparation or continuation and performance of a contract, then either the termination by you of the relevant agreement or the inability to process your request is automatically implied.ACS is in any case entitled to refuse the satisfaction of your request to restrict the processing or deletion of your personal data if such processing is necessary for the foundation, exercise or support of its legitimate rights or the fulfillment of its obligations.The above services are provided free of charge. However, if your claims are manifestly unfounded, excessive or recurrent, ACS may either impose a reasonable end, inform you or refuse to respond to them. To exercise your rights click here.9. Consent withdrawalYou have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of the processing that was previously based on it and was made prior to its revocation.10. Questions about Data ProtectionIf you have any questions about protecting your data, you can email dpoacs.gr or write to the postal address: 129 Aghias Paraskevis Ave. & Kazantzaki Street, Halandri, Athens GR 15234, and we will respond to you as soon as possible and not later than one month.11. Personal Data Protection AuthorityYou have the right to file a complaint to the Personal Data Protection Authority which is the competent supervisory authority for the protection of the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons with regard to the processing of their personal data if you believe that your rights are being infringed in any way.We encourage you to read our Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy.
Current Students
Policies Privacy Financial Child Safety P.E. & Health Policies Tech Bus Privacy Policy Data Subject Request Form
You may find interesting
User LinksNews & Events