http://www.theeducationplan.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, the categories of cookies we use, and your options regarding cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How we use cookies
When you use and access the theeducationplan.com, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Site, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising, and measure and report on site activity, including sessions and pageviews.
We use the following categories of cookies:
Essential Cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website. If your browser does not accept cookies, you may be unable to enroll or log onto the secure areas of the Site.
Performance and Functionality Cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences but are non-essential to the performance of the Site.
Analytical or Customization Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you access and move through the Site. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Site works, or to personalize our Site to your interests.
Advertising Cookies. These cookies are used to display advertising on Google, Facebook and LinkedIn products, on relevant websites, and in mobile apps. These cookies prevent ads from reappearing and ensure that ads are properly displayed. Certain third-party cookies may track users over different websites and will provide ads relevant to your interests. While these ads help market our program, your personal information is private and not for sale.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site (see “Essential Cookies”). Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.