https://www.choices.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of the Choices Program, a program of the Department of History at Brown University.
Data Collection
Mailchimp
We use an email management service called Mailchimp to manage all newsletter email communications. Please see their privacy policy for more information.
WooCommerce
Our online store is run by a service called WooCommerce. Please see their privacy policy for more information.
Cookies
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
AdRoll
As you browse choices.edu, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with choices.edu. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising. NOTE: This is currently disabled.
Digital Editions
Our online curriculum format only collects a teacher name, email, and district name so we can set up a set up an account for teacher to access Digital Editions. Please see our subscription agreement for more information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
The Choices Program – Brown University
Box 1948
Providence, RI, 02912
401-863-3155
choices@brown.edu
Back to top