http://www.britishschool.be/cookie-policy/
Contact usContents Cookies and similar technologies          1.1. What are cookies?          1.2. Our use of cookies and similar technologies          1.3. How long does BSB keep the cookies?          1.4. To control cookies          1.5. Our use of web beacons and analytics services          1.6. Other similar technologies          1.7. How can you submit questions?1. Cookies and similar technologies1.1. What are cookies?Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the Advertising ID section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from third-party service providers.You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies. Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honour your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyse how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. We do not store personal details.Many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below. 1.2. Our use of cookies and similar technologiesThe British School of Brussels (hereafter referred to as “BSB” and “we”) uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context, including:Storing your preferences and settings. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device.Sign-in and authentication. We use cookies to authenticate you. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.Security. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.Storing information you provide to a website. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to BSB, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on our websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.Social media. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service. Feedback. BSB uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website. Interest-based advertising. BSB uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. Showing advertising. BSB uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you don’t see the same one repeatedly.Analytics. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.Performance. BSB uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps ensure that our websites remain up and running. Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:MUID, MC1, and MSFPC. Identifies unique web browsers visiting BSB sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes. ANON. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your BSB account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from BSB if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your BSB account.CC. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address. PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your BSB account. MC0. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser. MS0. Identifies a specific session.NAP. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your BSB account profile.MH. Appears on co-branded sites where BSB is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected. childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm. Contains information that BSB account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.MR. Used to collect information for analytics purposes. x-ms-gateway-slice. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.TOptOut. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by BSB.In addition to the cookies we set when you visit our websites, third parties can also set cookies when you visit our sites. For example:Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites. See opt-out links below.Companies that deliver content, such as videos or news, or ads on BSB sites, place cookies on their own. These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.1.3. How long does BSB keep the cookies?Cookies remain on your computer for no longer than 24 months and you can decide to delete all cookies anytime when going into your browser settings.1.4. To control cookiesIf you do not agree with the use of such cookies, you can set up your browser to limit or exclude their use. Your browser may provide you with information and control over cookies. You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used, and accept or reject the cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse all cookies or accept only cookies returned to the originating servers. You can generally disable the cookie feature on your browser without affecting their ability to use the BSB website(s).To make sure you find out your way on how to change the settings, here are a few links that may be useful to configure appropriately the different browser you may be using:Cookie settings in Internet ExplorerCookie settings in FirefoxCookie settings in ChromeCookie settings in Safari1.5. Our use of web beacons and analytics servicesSome webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a BSB website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser’s website. Finally, BSB products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by clicking any of the following links: Adjust, AppsFlyer, Clicktale, Flurry Analytics, Google Analytics (requires you to install a browser add-on), Kissmetrics, Mixpanel, Nielsen, Visible Measures, or WebTrends. 1.6. Other similar technologiesIn addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or “Flash cookies”) and Silverlight Application Storage.Local Shared Objects or “Flash cookies.” Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or “Flash cookies” to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the Flash Player help page.Silverlight Application Storage. Websites or applications that use BSB Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the Silverlight section of this privacy statement.1.7. How can you submit questions?If you have a question, please contact us through the following channels:by email: data-privacy@britishschool.be; at the following postal address: Data privacy The British School of Brussels (BSB) Pater Dupierreuxlaan 1 3080 Tervuren As at 29 March 2019 Back to Top Loading... CloseContact Form