http://www.eden-online.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement of EDEN
This privacy policy sets out how EDEN uses and protects any information that you give EDEN when you use the services provided by EDEN or by using our website.
EDEN is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the EU. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the services provided by EDEN or by using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
EDEN may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, institution
contact information including postal and email addresses
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping (registration to events organised by EDEN, membership registration, payment data of fees payable by the applicants, etc.). Such data are kept for the legally binding period for auditing purposes.
We may use the information to improve our services, e.g. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We may periodically send promotional emails about news and events in the area of distance and e-learning, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You have to opt in to receive such e-mails from EDEN, and can unsubscribe at any time.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for research purposes relevant to education and learning, first of all to distance education, ITC supported learning and e-learning. If you opted in, we may contact you by email, – povided you gave us your address – by mail, or if you gave us your phone number, by phone. You can opt out at any time.
EDEN, being a non-profit public company, will never use your personal data for direct marketing purposes, except for marketing its own activities and events organised to serve the interest of its members and partners.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. If this other website is governed by EDEN (e.g. our conference microsites), the same privacy policy applies. However, once you have used these links to leave our site or the micro-site governed by EDEN, you should note that EDEN never transfers personal data to other websites, and we do not have any control over that other website. EDEN never forward personal data to other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to allow or restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do want the information to be used by EDEN for sending e-mail notifications or newsletters about its activities and events;
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the above purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at secretariat@eden-online.org.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the GDPR. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to secretariat@eden-online.org.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You may request to erase the personal data record which we hold about you at any time, except for the data records kept for auditing purposes during the legally binding period. Erasure takes effect after receiving your notification.
Last updated: 24 May, 2018
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the EDEN cookie policy.
For more information see our cookie policy page.OK