https://www.asddouala.com/privacy-policy/
(+237) 233 421 437
asd@asddouala.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
The American School of Douala (ASD) respects the privacy of every individual who visits this website. We have created this statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. This policy outlines the information that ASD may collect about you from your visit to our website and how that information will be handled. ASD reserves the right to alter this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location.
Definition
The ASD website is defined as publicly accessible pages hosted under the domain asddouala.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of external sites linked from or referenced by our site. This policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Personal Data
One of the primary purposes of our website is to inform you of who we are, what we do and how ASD students benefit from enrollment in the school.
ASD will not collect any personally identifiable information about you, such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address (“personal data”) through this site unless you have provided it voluntarily. In consenting to provide your personal information, ASD is complying with the new GDPR. When we do request such information, it is to allow us to respond or provide you with a required service such as:
To add you to our regular updates and newsletters
Respond to a query
Process an application submitted by you
To contact you
If at any time you wish us to stop using your information for any or all of the above purposes, please contact us at asd@asddouala.com and we will remove your records in a timely manner.
ASD also commits to informing you if at any time there is a breach in our systems that may put your data at risk or compromise your data in any way.
ASD will not sell, rent, or market personal data about you to third parties.
Additional Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, this website may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the IP address of your computer, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to this site. This information is used solely to provide ASD with overall statistics on website usage, and to evaluate generalized user demographics to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer – Cookies
When you view this website, some information may be stored on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will allow the website to tailor the experience to your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, cookies can be blocked or erased after visiting a website. Some aspects of this website may not function properly if your browser is set to block cookies.
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information or photos that you find on our website, please send your request to asd@asddouala.com.
Security
ASD takes every precaution to protect users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via this website, it is encrypted and remains secure during all stages of transmission. ASD complies with the new GDPR Regulation.