https://www.sotongamesoc.com/helpful-tips-to-safely-swap-your-rs3-to-osrs-with-legit-swapping-website/
Skip to content
Home
Events
Role-Playing Games
War Games
Card Games
Board Games
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
HomeUncategorizedHelpful Tips to Safely Swap your RS3 to OSRS with Legit Swapping Website
Swapping RS3 to OSRS Gold is recently the most sought after activity in Runescape. It makes the game enjoyable, it makes it fun and flexible, and it makes you get the best of both worlds. Jagex has termed swapping as the legal and allowed process which makes the activity practiced by millions of RS Players.
Swapping is done via swapping websites and via a fixed swap rate that is determined through demand and supply.Its the duty of the customers to make sure that the rate they are getting is not a rip off and the swapping agent is not looting them. Jagex have taken no responsibility of any swapper so all the duty lies on the customer to find a trusted person to swap. The trades done are 100% trust trades and majority of swappers will ask the customers to go first. If you are vary of this, you can also do your trade in increments.
Just like in the real world, the world of Runescape players is also filled with scammers and you need to be absolutely sure before proceeding to handing over all your money to a stranger. Every swapping agent will ask for you money beforehand, and will pay afterwards, thats the unsaid rule of rsgp swapping world but this also makes way for scammers because they will pose as swapping agents and try to lure you into a swap and run with your money. There is no way to get the scammed money back because Jagex does not take any responsibility of stolen gold. So how can you be safe from getting scammed and dodged while swapping your gold? The answer is simple, only use ‘ZedRS’ to swap all your rs3 gold to osrs . Why ZedRS? They have a 7 years experience in the swapping and they are the oldest runescape gold swapping website.
Swapping RS3 Gold Safely
Swapping safely however is possible because the majority of the people out there are legit and honest. the first step to find anyone trusted and the most reliable way to do that is to read reviews. Anyone who has no views will be a shady person, whereas make sure to spot fake planted reviews as well. So the people will legit reviews will be easily spotted. Next never give away all your gold in the first trade, always split ur money because the scammer will always scam at the very first trade, they never wait for seconds and thirds, so start with a small amount and increase gradually. This process can be a bit time consuming but it is the safest way to swap.
Another good way is to screen record
all the trade and in case of a scam, make sure to publicise the video proof and make others aware. This can be done on youtube, reddit and other channels. There are also several forums and runescape chat rooms where the message can be circulated and force the scammer in isolation.
How to Swap RS3 and OSRS Gold?
Our personal choice is ZedRS whenever we are looking to swap rs3 to osrs gold . They offer the best value for the gold and always up to date with the swap rates. Never ever have I ever got ripped off of them. 100% Recommended. You can also find their feedback on their sub reddit for swapping gold: Runescape Gold Swap Reddit
Swapping safely leads to an enjoyable gaming experience and wholesome enjoyment because losing Runescape GP hurts so damn much !
Post navigation
Previous Previous post: League of Legends University EventNext Next post: Warcraft III RTS Tournament & Event
Recent Posts
Rocket League University Event
Left 4 Dead University Co-op Event
Clash Royale University Tournament
Warcraft III RTS Tournament & Event
Helpful Tips to Safely Swap your RS3 to OSRS with Legit Swapping Website
Archives
December 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
Categories
Board Games
Card Games
Events
Role-Playing Games
Uncategorized
War Games