http://www.grandessays.com/manage/terms/#privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Sign Up
USER AGREEMENT
Section I. DEFINITIONS
In this document (hereinafter referred to as "
Terms and Conditions") the following definitions have the meaning as described below and shall be used all along this document with a capital letter:
"
Website" means and refers to
EssayMill.com.
"
Customer" means and refers to a person (individual) submitting an Order to the Website.
"
Company" means and refers to Cyber Jam Limited, a company registered under the laws of the United Kingdom, address: 3RD FLOOR 120 BAKER STREET, London, W1U 6TU, United Kingdom. Company No: 08796322, operating by itself or through its authorized partner or affiliate website.
"Sample"
refers to a sample of document (essay, research, project paper, etc.) in electronic form that is drafted and delivered to the Customer in accordance with his/her Order instructions.
"Services" refer to writing, editing, proofreading and other services, purchased by the Customer through the Order form on the Website.
"Support Team" is a team of the Company‘s or the Company affiliated entity‘s staff members designated to provide technical and informational support to the Customer with the aim of the most efficient completion of an Order.
"Sales Team" is a team of the Company‘s or the Company affiliated entity‘s staff members designated to acquaint the Customer with the Company‘s rules and policies and which main purpose is assisting the Customer with the order placement.
"
Order" means a written document of a standard electronic form that is filled in and submitted online by the Customer to the Website for the purpose of obtaining a Sample. The Order specifies the scope of work and other requirements of the Customer regarding the Sample project.
"Order page"
refers to the page on the Website that is assigned to a specific Order. Order page is regarded as the main source of instructions and communication of a specific Order.
"Expert" (or "Writer")
means and refers to a person hired by the Company on freelance basis to complete and deliver the Sample.
Section II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS ACCEPTANCE
These Terms and Conditions govern the use of the Website Services. These Terms and Conditions constitute an agreement concluded and entered into force by and between any Customer (or his/her authorized representative), as an authorized user of such Services, and the Company or its affiliated partner which acts on the basis of the respective authorization from the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Services will be provided to the Customer of the Website.
IF YOU ARE AN UNDERAGE PERSON, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU MUST BE OF LEGAL AGE TO PURCHASE ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE.
IF YOU ARE A STUDENT OF ACCREDITED UNIVERSITY ON THE TERRITORY OF AUSTRALIA AND/OR ITS BRANCH CAMPUS ABROAD AND/OR ACCREDITED UNIVERSITY ON THE TERRITORY OF OTHER JURISDICTION, WHERE COMPANY’S SERVICES ARE PROHIBITED YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU SHOULD HOLD RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE OF THE PERMITTED JURISDICTIONS TO PURCHASE ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE.
BY SUBMITTING AN ORDER AND/OR PAYMENT, YOU ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS USER AGREEMENT. BY SUBMITTING AN ORDER AND/OR PAYMENT, YOU ARE ALSO AGREEING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH FORMS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY.
Section III. PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing the Website and/or using the Services each and any Customer agrees to follow and be bound by the privacy policy rules stated below.
Information We Collect and Use
When a person visits the Website, we automatically collect and store standard information, such as IP address, browser type, access time, etc. This information is gathered for internal Company use only. IP address is used to generate aggregate statistics of website exploitation. Browser type and access time are needed to improve quality of the content and increase effectiveness of our Support Team. We do not collect any personal information (e.g. name, e-mail address or phone number) unless a person is in restricted areas requiring such authentication or initiates contact with the representatives of the Company via phone or email, or provides personal information to the Company during contact with its representative via phone, email, internal messaging section or live chat.
Personal and Billing Information that You Provide
We collect and store personal information, such as name, e-mail address, phone numbers and billing address, provided via the registration form, as well as during direct communication of a person with a representative of the Company via phone, live chat or email before or after the registration process. Your personal information is collected and securely stored in our database for internal Company use only. You are required to give only valid information, which will be used to check your identity or verify your payment. Certain fields on the registration page, which are not marked with asterisk (*), are optional. Alternative phone numbers and/or e-mail addresses are needed for our efficient cooperation only.
The Company may use your email address to send any updates regarding these particular Terms and Conditions and other policies, agreements and other documents that regulate the use of the Website. By providing your contact information, such as email address and phone number, you give the Company the right to contact you to clarify the details of your order, verify your payment as well as to initiate contact with promotional purposes. You may unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions in the emails you receive from the Company. You may request the Company to stop issuing calls with promotional purposes by sending an email at
support@essaymill.com.
The Company may request you to provide additional information aside from the information required in registration and order forms, in order to verify your identity or payment, received for your order. In case you refuse to provide such information, the Company may refuse to process and complete your Order.
If you fill in the billing information on the Website, your billing details will be received by the payment processor and used accordingly to process your payment. The Company representatives do not have access to your credit card information, it is received by the secure payment processor and used ONLY to process the authorized payment for your current order.
We do not share any of the personal information you provide with any third parties without your permission, received in written form. This regulation does not apply to personal and/or identifying information, provided in instructions necessary for completing your Order and/or additional materials and files (see subsection "Order Instructions and Additional Materials").
You can remove your name and phone number from the Company‘s database by making correspondent changes in your profile. Other personal and sensitive information, including your email address and information about your orders, may be removed from the Company‘s database by your request in written from sent at
support@essaymill.com. If such request is received, the Company will remove your account and any personal information from its database within 14 days.
Order Instructions and Additional Materials
To assure proper completion of the Order, we share the instructions, provided in the Order form, and additional information, materials and files, uploaded to the Website or communicated to the Company through email address or internal messaging system ("Instructions"), with the third party, namely the executive(s) of your Order. The Company can make changes to the Instructions in the Order to remove any personal and/or identifying information; however, we cannot guarantee that all of such information will be removed. We encourage you to remove any personal or identifying information from Instructions prior to submitting them to the Company if you wish to keep that information confidential. By providing Instructions with personal or identifying information you agree to hold the Company harmless from any damage, inflicted by misuse of this information by the executive(s) of your Order.
Security of the Information
The Company has undertaken special security measures in order to securely store the information and protect users against loss, possible misuse or alteration of information we have collected from you. Registered users can request information update or change if any inaccuracy or mistakes are found in users‘ profiles.
Section IV. WEBSITE SERVICES
The Website is an online writing assistant that offers academic and business writing services, namely essay, research paper, dissertation, thesis, Power Point presentation, resume, website content, newspaper article, business plan and other written content samples, not mentioned above, to Customers worldwide. By making a purchase on the Company‘s Website, the Customer gets an original and properly formatted content, which is posted to the correspondent Order page at the Website within the specified time.
The website is intended for marketing and sale of services only in those jurisdictions in and to those persons where and to whom they lawfully may be offered for sale (the “Permitted Jurisdictions”). You are only permitted to use the website and purchase services if your primary residence or domicile is in one of the permitted jurisdictions.
Section V. PERIOD OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS EXECUTION
The term of these Terms and Conditions execution starts on the date of creating an account with the Website and remains valid till the end of the calendar year, in which the respective account with the Website was created. The mentioned term will be automatically renewed for the period of next calendar year unless it was terminated 30 days before the expiration of the respective period. The notice to terminate the cooperation should be sent by the Customer at support@essaymill.com in written form.
Section VI. FEES
Service price is determined by the Company and may vary depending on delivery time, complexity level, amount of work, type of writing, type of Service, use of external sources (e.g. books, presentations, journals, video and audio products, other sources uploaded or requested by the Customer). Average prices are shown on the Website.
Note: each case of Service provision is unique, and the Customer may need to contact the representatives of the Company to get an exact Service price quote.
The Company may request additional payment for Services after an Order was placed in case of change of instructions or deadline or in case the payment, made for the Order, does not cover the amount of work the Customer has requested through the Order form. The Company may also request additional payment in case an Order calls for unusual type of work or does not have a specific number of pages, in which case the price for the Order has to be determined by the Writer. The additional payment amount is calculated separately for each and every Order. Additional payment made for a specific Order cannot become a precedent for any future Orders. If the Customer refuses to pay additionally, the Company has the right to refuse to further work on the Order. In this case, the Order will be cancelled and refunded according to the MoneyBack Policy Section of these Terms and Conditions.
Section VII. PLACING AN ORDER WITH THE WEBSITE
This Section provides a detailed explanation and regulation of the features, available in the Website Order form, as well as other policies that regulate placing an Order with the Website.
By filling in the Order form and processing the payment upfront the Customer submits a first offer to the Company, providing all Order details and Order information. After receiving and reviewing the offer, the Company may refuse the Service to the Customer at its sole discretion without providing any reasoning to the Customer. In this case, the pre-paid amount will be refunded to the Customer according to the MoneyBack Policy Section of these Terms and Conditions.
The Customer is responsible for giving the Company accurate and full information concerning the Order, namely writing level, delivery time, number of sources, writing style, discipline, project title, and any other additional information. In case the writing Sample does not suit the Customer‘s needs due to his/her failure to provide accurate information, the Customer is not eligible for a refund. Any amendments to such a Sample may be provided to the Customer for additional fee. The Company reserves the right not to provide any amendments in such cases.
The Customer is responsible for providing all specific sources and materials, required by Order instructions (access to specific books, textbooks, articles, video materials, grading rubrics and other sources and materials that are vital for the Order completion). The Customer may ask the Writer to find specific sources; however, this has to be communicated to the Support Team in the process of placing the Order, and it is not guaranteed that the Writer(s) will have access to the required information. If the Writer cannot find access to this information or materials and the Customer cannot provide it, the Order will be cancelled and refunded according to the MoneyBack Policy Section of these Terms and Conditions.
All instructions for a specific Order have to be provided through Customer‘s personal profile on the Website, namely the Order form and "Files" and "Messages" sections on the Order page of this particular Order, as well as through the email address
support@essaymill.com. Information about an Order, provided to the Support Team via any other method of communication (including Live Chat and phone or other email addresses), may not be regarded as instructions for the Order. Support Team members may require the Customer to confirm the information, provided through Live Chat or phone, through "Messages" or "Files" section of the Website or
support@essaymill.com email address.
Types of Service
The Company offers its Customers 4 types of Service: writing, editing, proofreading and other. Proofreading includes basic grammar and spelling check. Editing includes changing the content the Customer provides according to his/ her instructions. Both types of service require the Customer to cover the price for changing an outline, an abstract, and/or a reference page. Other refers to the rest of the services that do not fall under writing/editing/proofreading category or a combination of any of these 3 services.
Note: proofreading and editing types of Service require the Customer to upload the file with the content the Customer needs to have proofread/edited and do not imply adding any content to the file. The writing type of Service presumes that the Writer will complete the sample from scratch according to the Customer‘s instructions.
Word Count
1 page double-spaced means and includes at least 300 words, 1 page single-spaced means and includes at least 600 words. The Sample the Customer receives will contain the number of words that at least corresponds to the number of pages the Customer has ordered according to this regulation unless Order instructions specify a maximum word count that is lower than the amount of words ordered. Executives of the Order may provide the Customer with more words per page at their sole discretion when completing the Customer‘s Sample. This is not initiated by the Company and will not in any case become a precedent for any future Orders.
1 PowerPoint slide with speaker notes means and includes 300 words. The obligatory 300 words are distributed between the slide itself and the speaker notes to this specific slide. Speaker notes are included in the .ppt/.pptx file, delivered to the Customer. 1 PowerPoint slide without speaker notes means and includes 100 words. The Writer is responsible for choosing design for the requested PowerPoint presentation, while he/she can also add graphs, images and animation to it (by Customer‘s request or at the Writer‘s sole discretion, unless specified otherwise in the Order instructions).
Word count of 300 words per page double-spaced and 600 words per page single-spaced applies to editing and proofreading services as well. When placing an Order for one of these types of Services, the Customer has to calculate the amount of pages according to the amount of words in the file or part of the file that will be edited/proofread.
Other type of service does not require the Customer to select the word count for the Order since the length of the Sample will be determined by the Expert.
Title Page, Reference Page, Outline, Abstract and Draft
When the Customer orders the writing type of Service, he/she can request the following sections to be added to the Paper free of charge (they won‘t be included in the total word count for the Customer‘s Sample):
Title page. The Customer automatically receives a free-of-charge title page in addition to the Sample paper if it is required by the formatting style the Customer has chosen or specified in the "Order Instructions".
References list. A free reference page with all sources that the Writer used in the Sample paper, cited according to the chosen formatting style or guidelines provided in the "Order Instructions", will be added to the Sample paper.
Simple Outline. The Company provides the Customer with a free-of-charge simple outline for the Sample paper if the Customer requests it in "Order Instructions". By simple outline shall be meant structural outline consisting of small phrases for each and every section. Complex outline (also known as a sentence outline) does not come for free and is included in the word count for the Sample paper, if ordered.
Abstract. The Writer can provide the Customer with a free abstract if the Customer orders a Sample of 4 or more pages (double-spaced) and if it is required by the formatting style the Customer has chosen or specified in "Order Instructions".
Draft. The Writer can provide the Customer with a free draft if the Customer requests it when placing the Order, otherwise additional charges may apply. The length of the draft should not exceed 30% of the total length of the order (unless other is agreed with the Writer). The Company offers only one free draft per Order.
The above-mentioned sections will be provided free of charge as long as the Customer requests them when placing the Order, otherwise additional charges may be applied.
Writer
The field "Preferred Expert" allows the Customer to choose the Writer they prefer to work on the Sample. The Customer can choose among 3 available options:
"Best available" – the Customer does not have any Writer preferences and is willing to work with the best Writer available.
"By language proficiency" – the Customer can choose between two options Native (the Company will find a native-speaking Writer to complete the Sample) and Fluent (the Company will find an Expert fluent in English but from a non-English speaking country).
"By order ID" – the Customer can provide one of their previous order numbers to request a specific Writer the Customer has already worked with.
Sources
The field "Number of sources" refers to the amount of resources (books, articles etc.) the executive of the Order is required to use while completing the Customer‘s Sample. If the Customer does not need the executive to use a specific number of sources, he/she can indicate an approximate number of sources to be used, specifying in the "Project Details" field that the number of sources is approximate. If the Customer indicates "0" in the "in the "Number of Sources" field, he/she authorizes the executive of the Order not to use any resources when writing the Sample.
Other Regulations
The Executive of the Order will format the Sample according to the latest edition of the manual of the formatting style selected in the Order form, unless specified otherwise in "Project Details".
Each Order placed by the Customer is received and regarded as a separate project. In case several Orders are connected and have to be completed by the same Writer and/or share the same resources, this needs to be communicated to the Company through the Order form or through the "Messages" section of the correspondent Order(s) within 10 minutes after the Order has been paid for. In case such request is received after 10 minutes have passed since the Order was paid for, an additional payment may be requested.
Section VIII. BILLING RULES
All incoming payments to the Company through the Website are maintained and secured by Stripe, an American financial services company. The Customer can also submit a payment for Company‘s Services through a bank transfer (wire transfer). Before proceeding with a bank transfer/wire transfer, the Customer needs to fill in the Order form to determine the price for the Order and submit Order instructions. When transferred to the payment page, the Customer needs to contact the Support Team and request bank transfer details.
Note: bank transfer/wire transfer is not recommended for urgent Orders as processing time of the payment through bank is 2-3 business days and, as a pre-paid service, the Company cannot start working on the Customer‘s Sample before the payment is received. The Company has no access to and neither collects nor stores any billing information of its Customers. The Company issues no subscription fees for any of the Company‘s services.
The Company does not collect any transaction fees. All transaction fees, collected by Stripe, credit card issuer or bank, have to be covered by the Customer.
Whenever the Customer submits an Order request and makes an upfront payment, the Company does not guarantee that the Service will be delivered to the Customer and may disapprove any of the incoming Orders based on its sole discretion and judgment (in the event of stolen card use, inability to identify the client, fraud, short delivery time, etc.) and issue a refund to the Customer according to the MoneyBack Policy Section of these Terms and Conditions.
The Services provided by the Company are pre-paid only. The executive of the Customer‘s Order will not be able to start the work on the Order until the Company receives the payment for it. Payment in installments is possible only under the following conditions:
Total amount to be paid for this Order equals or exceeds $500 USD.
The deadline for the Order is more than 14 calendar days.
The first installment is made before the executive of the Order starts working on it; then, the payment has to be submitted part by part before the Writer starts working on the next part of the Sample, and full payment needs to be processed before the finished Sample can be forwarded to the Customer.
Each and any Customer using the Website understands and agrees to make payments in a timely manner after an Order request is placed on the Website, unless Other type of service is chosen. In case an Order for the writing/editing/proofreading type of service. In case an Order is placed on the Website and is not paid, the Company will not start processing it and will wait for the payment. In case an Order for the writing/editing/proofreading type of service is not paid within an hour after it was created on the Website, the Company may automatically shift the delivery date. For the Orders with the Other type if service, the payment for the Order will be requested only after the Experts have reviewed the details and the price estimations have been sent to the Customer. The Company reserves the right not to process the Customer‘s order if the payment for the Order is declined by the payment system for fraud or any other reason.
Section IX. LOYALTY PROGRAM
The Loyalty Program is offered at the sole discretion of the Company. The Customer agrees to participate in the Loyalty Program by placing an order with the Company.
The Company offers permanent discounts to Customers based on the total amount of pages in each and every paid and completed Sample:
If, at the time of placing a new Order, the Customer has over 25 paid-for and completed pages, he/she is eligible for a 5% Loyalty Program discount applied automatically;
If, at the time of placing a new Order, the Customer has over 50 paid-for and completed pages, he/she is eligible for a 10% Loyalty Program discount applied automatically;
If, at the time of placing a new Order, the Customer has over 100 paid-for and completed pages, he/she is eligible for a 15% Loyalty Program discount applied automatically.
Information about the Customer‘s current Loyalty Program discount is available on the Customer‘s profile.
Section X. RECEIVING THE COMPLETED SAMPLE
The Completed Sample is uploaded by the executive of the Order to the "Files" section of the correspondent Order page of the Website. The Sample is not emailed to the Customer automatically. The Customer can request the Sample to be emailed to him/her by contacting the Support Team. The Sample cannot be shipped to the Customer.
Once the completed Sample is uploaded to the "Files" section of the Order page or emailed to the Customer (by the respective request), the Customer shall be the one responsible for retrieving it.
Even though the Company tries to deliver all academic and business Samples in advance, it does not guarantee that the Customer‘s Sample will be delivered to him/her within the delivery time that the Customer has chosen. In this case, the Customer will be informed about the issue in advance and the delivery date will be shifted. In case of late delivery, the Customer is eligible for a partial refund according to the MoneyBack policy Section of these Terms and Conditions.
After the completed Sample is submitted to the Customer, he/she can review it and request the executive of the Order to make changes in the Sample (request a revision). A free revision is possible only under the following conditions:
The revision request is submitted within 10 calendar days since the Sample was submitted to the Customer.
Instructions for revision do not contradict the initial instructions and do not provide any additional information that was not mentioned in the initial instructions for the Order.
Free revision can only be completed by the same Writer who initially worked on the Order. The Company may offer a revision by another Writer free of additional charge only in case the initial Writer is not available to complete the revision or in case the initial Sample contained unoriginal content.
If the Customer‘s request for revision does not meet all of the abovementioned conditions, an additional payment for the revision might be required. The amount of additional payment will be determined by the executive of the Order. In case of paid revision, the Customer may request the Company to change the Writer that will work on the revision.
If at the moment the Customer submits a revision request, there is still significant time left till the initial deadline for the Order completion, the revision will be delivered to the Customer within the initial deadline for the Order. If the initial deadline has already run out or it is not possible to complete the revision within the time left, the deadline for revision needs to be communicated to the Support Team along with the revision instructions. The Customer is advised to provide the Writer with a manageable revision deadline and take into consideration the fact that the Writers do not work 24/7 and may be away from the computer or working on a different Order at the moment. The Company can only guarantee that the Customer‘s revision will be completed only after the Writer confirms that he/she can complete it by the agreed deadline.
Section XI. "NO PLAGIARISM" POLICY
The Company strictly follows anti-plagiarism policy and does its best to provide the Customers with plagiarism-free academic and business Samples. To be able to guarantee plagiarism-free Sample, each writing Sample is double-checked with a plagiarism detection system. The Company does not use plagiarism detecting software that stores content online. Direct quotes are not considered plagiarism when the source of the quote is included in the reference list and cited appropriately in the body of the Sample. In the unlikely case of plagiarism, the Company will make all necessary corrections free of any additional charges. The Customer is eligible for a full refund if there is enough evidence proving the writingSample has been plagiarized.
Section XII. COPYRIGHT AND PERSONAL USE
All writing Samples delivered to the Customer remain copyright of the Company. This means that all exclusive material intellectual property rights for all Samples and any other intellectual property objects created in the process of cooperation with the Company shall belong to the Company in full scope, including but not limited to: the right to use, possess, and dispose of the Sample, and all previously submitted Sample projects of Writers, in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, from which it can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated, either directly or with the aid of a machine or device, including without limitation the rights to archive, republish, edit, repackage or revise any intellectual property object in any manner as the Company sees fit. The Company grants to the Customer a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-commercial, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable license to download, view and/or use writing Samples for the Customer‘s personal, non-commercial use only, provided that:
1. The Customer uses writing Samples delivered to him/her as a guide in preparation of his/her own project/paper;
2. The Customer cites the Website as a source of his/her project/paper;
3. The Customer does not submit writing Samples as his/her own work to any educational institution.
The Company does not control or track the Customer‘s use of writing Samples provided to the Customer.
Section XIII. ANTI-SPAM POLICY
The Company has zero tolerance to any means of internet spam and other unethical marketing techniques. Being a third party advertiser or an affiliate of the Company, the Customer agrees to follow all legal laws and ethical principles regarding spam and not to use any spam techniques, namely e-mail, instant messaging, and mobile spam. As a third party advertiser or an affiliate of the Company, the Customer agrees to hold the Company harmless from any claims arising against the Customer due to his/her use of unlawful and unethical marketing techniques. The Company does not support and does not sponsor any spam advertisement.
In the unlikely event that the Customer receives any message from the Company or sent with the use of the Company‘s systems that may be considered as spam, or notices any other spam activity or usage of unethical marketing techniques under the name of the Company, the Customer should notify the Company at the email address
support@essaymill.com and respective measures will be taken.
Section XIV. FAIR USE POLICY
All Samples are provided to the Customer for assisting purposes only.
By accepting these Terms and Conditions the Customer understands that this is his/her own responsibility to prepare and submit the Customer‘s own work to his/her educational institution. The Customer agrees that his/her use of any part of the documents provided to him/her by the Company is possible only with proper reference to the source. The Company does not support academic plagiarism in any form. All academic Samples are unique and written based on the Customer‘s needs and instructions. The Company may publish all writing Samples purchased by the Customer after a courtesy waiting period of no shorter than six months after the Sample delivery date to ensure the Customer‘s fair use of the Website. In case of fraudulent transactions on the Customer‘s part, the Sample will be published online before the courtesy period runs out. By using the Website the Customer confirms his/her acceptance of this procedure and agrees to hold the Company harmless from any claims in case of the Customer‘s failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Section XV. MONEYBACK POLICY
Moneyback in case of the Customer‘s cancellation of a paid order:
The Order has not been assigned to a particular Writer - 100%. At this point the Customer can cancel the Order and get a full refund.
The Order was assigned to a Writer, and half of the deadline has not passed yet - up to 70%. The Writer has already started working on the Order and has to be compensated for the completed work.
The Order was assigned to a Writer, and half of the deadline has passed - up to 50%. At this point the Writer has already been working on the Customer‘s Order for a significant amount of time, which means he/she should be compensated. In this case the Writer is not responsible for providing the Customer with completed part of the paper.
Moneyback in case the Customer paid several times by mistake:
If the Customer refreshes the payment page while his/her payment is being processed, the payment may be processed more than once. The Company‘s billing department tries to take note of all multiple payments processed by mistake and refunds them at the earliest convenience. In case the Customer notices multiple payments on his/her credit card statement, the Customer is requested to contact the Support Team or send respective email at
support@essaymill.com. The issue will be forwarded to the billing department of the Company immediately. All payments made by mistake shall be refunded to the Customer in full scope.
Moneyback if no Writer has been assigned for the Order:
The Order has not been assigned to a Writer - 100%. If the Company is not able to find a Writer for the Customer‘s Order, the Company will let the Customer know before the deadline is up and refund the full amount of the Order.
Moneyback if the Sample is delivered late:
The Order is sent to the Customer late - up to 20%. In the unlikely case of lateness, the Customer can request a partial refund. The final amount of refund depends on the Customer‘s initial deadline and how late the Sample was delivered. In case lateness is caused by lack of instructions/materials and irresponsiveness of the Customer, refund request may be declined.
The Order is late and the Customer is willing to cancel it (before the file is sent to the Customer) - 100%. In case the Order is late and the Customer is willing to cancel it, full refund will be provided if the Company receives the Customer‘s cancellation request before the file is sent to the Customer.
Moneyback after the Sample has been sent to the Customer:
If the Order the Customer receives does not correspond with his/her instructions or has grammar, spelling or punctuation mistakes, the Customer can request a refund. The Customer is not eligible for a refund if the Order is revised by the Writer and the issue is resolved.
The Order is not formatted properly - up to 10%. If the Writer does not format the completed Order according to the requested formatting style or template, the Customer is eligible for partial refund.
The Order contains grammar, punctuation and/or spelling mistakes - up to 30%. In case the Sample contains grammar and/or spelling mistakes, the Customer may qualify for a partial refund if the Customer provides examples of mistakes found.
The Order contains unoriginal content - 100%. The Company‘s policy is to always provide the Customer with plagiarism-free Samples, so in case the Customer detects unoriginal content in the received Order and can provide us with substantial evidence of the above, the Company will return the Customer‘s money.
Instructions for the Order were not followed - up to 100%. The Company completes the Customer‘s Sample according to specific instructions, so if something the Customer specified initially in the Order details was not followed, the Customer is eligible for a partial or full refund, depending on the evidence the Customer provides and its correspondence to the final Sample.
The Customer may only request a refund within 60 calendar days from the moment the Sample has been sent to the Customer through the Customer‘s personal account with the Company. This period of time is provided for the Customer to be able to review the Sample and inform the Company about any possible issues. Please note that by using the Sample according to the Customer‘s needs, the Customer fully accepts the completed Order and takes sole responsibility for all the consequences of such use. The Company does not guarantee grades for the papers written based on the Sample the Customer receives from the Company. From the moment the Customer uses the Sample, provided to him/her by the Company, the Customer is no longer eligible for any kind of refund. This regulation does not apply to refund requests due to plagiarism and/or unoriginal content in the Sample.
When the Customer is eligible for a partial or full refund, the Company may offer him/her to leave the money that is to be refunded as a store credit for use in future Orders. The Customer may refuse to leave the money as a store credit and receive a refund instead. If the Customer agrees for a store credit, the Support Team will make a correspondent note on the Customer‘s profile and the Customer will need to contact the Support or Sales Teams before placing his/her next Order for details on how to apply the credit. The amount of credit can be used by the Customer within one calendar year from the date it has been stored. The credit which is not used within one calendar year is considered expired and will be removed from Customer‘s profile.
Any type of refund is issued after the Order in question is completed and is issued to the same card/bank account the payment was made from. In case technical issues prevent the Company from issuing the refund to the initial payment source, the Company management representative will contact the Customer and another refund method will be agreed upon.
Section XVI. WARRANTIES
The Company guarantees that writing Samples provided to the Customer are plagiarism-free and are properly formatted (according to the specified formatting style).
Services offered by the Company are provided "as is" and are not in violation of any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property claims. Other warranties are excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR OTHER WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES THEREIN, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. IN ADDITION, THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE OR WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS ON THE WEBSITE. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY OPINION, ADVICE, INFORMATION, OR OTHER CONTENT PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE. PLEASE SEEK THE ADVICE OF PROFESSIONALS, AS APPROPRIATE, REGARDING THE EVALUATION OF ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, INFORMATION OR OTHER CONTENT.
Section XVII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
FOR STATES AND JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES IS NOT ALLOWED, THE COMPANY‘S TOTAL LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF SERVICES PURCHASED BY THE CUSTOMER.
Section XVIII. OTHER DISCLAIMERS
The Company‘s Samples are designed only to assist students in preparation of their own projects (papers, essays, etc). It is the sole responsibility of our Customers to not only complete their own work, but also to cite the Website as a source when using the respective content as a reference.
The Company and the Website do not condone, encourage or knowingly take part in plagiarism or any other acts of academic fraud or dishonesty, including by blocking the access to the Website to the IP-addresses of jurisdictions, where the company’s services are prohibited. The Company strongly adheres to and abides by all copyright laws and will not knowingly allow any Customer to commit plagiarism or violate copyright laws. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates and/or partners shall be liable for any unethical, inappropriate, illegal, or otherwise wrongful use of the Samples and/or other written material received from the Website. This includes plagiarism, lawsuits, poor grading, expulsion, academic probation, loss of scholarships/awards/grants/prizes/titles/positions, failure, suspension, or any other disciplinary or legal actions. The Customer of this Website is solely responsible for any and all disciplinary actions arising from improper, unethical, and/or illegal use of any material provided to the Customer as the result of the Website use.
Certain jurisdictions restrict or have specific regulations concerning academic cheating, including Australia. Services provided by the company shall not be marketed, offered or sold to residents of Australia and/or other jurisdictions, that prohibit all and any kind of assistance in the writing of the works, that should be written personally as a part of a degree, to obtain a scholarship, etc. The information contained in this Terms of Use and/or any accompanying documents will not constitute an invitation, advertisement or solicitation of an offer to order services within Australia and/or the other jurisdictions, where company’s services are prohibited.
Section XIX. INDEMNITY
Each and any Customer agrees to release and hold the Company and its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion and fulfillment agencies, any third-party providers or sources of information or data and legal advisers (hereinafter referred to as the "Company‘s Affiliates") harmless from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind arising from or related to the Services, including but not limited to: (a) telephone, electronic, hardware or software, network, Internet, email, or computer malfunctions, failures or difficulties of any kind; (b) failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions; (c) any condition caused by events beyond the control of the Company that may cause the Service to be delayed, disrupted, or corrupted; (d) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of utilizing our services; or (e) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Services. In addition, the Customer agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold the Company and the Company‘s Affiliates harmless from any claim, suit or demand, including attorney‘s fees, made by a third party due to or arising out of his/her use of the Services, the Customer‘s violation or breach of these Terms and Conditions, the Customer‘s violation of any rights of a third party, or any other act or omission by the Customer.
Section XX. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions leads to an immediate termination of cooperation between the Customer and the Company and prohibits the Customer from the use of any of the Company‘s Services, either supplied or those in progress. The Customer understands and agrees that no refund for supplied Services or Services that are in progress will be issued in case of the Customer‘s failure to comply with the Terms and Conditions. If the Customer believes that he/she cannot follow any of the policies of these Terms and Conditions, the Customer agrees to contact the Company before any of his/her Orders are placed.
Section XXI. MODIFICATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of these Terms and Conditions, and to change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Website or by sending the Customer an email. The Company may also impose limits on certain features and Services or restrict the Customer‘s access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is the Customer‘s sole responsibility to check these Terms and Conditions periodically for any changes. The Customer‘s continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms and Conditions constitutes acceptance of those changes.
This document was last modified on
September 18, 2019.
Section XXII. APPLICABLE LAW
All relations of the Company and each Customer shall be governed and construed with provisions of the United Kingdom law. In case any claims or disputes between the Company and Customer arise, they shall be resolved amicably by means of mutual negotiations within 2 months. If the dispute cannot be resolved amicably within the mentioned time period, it shall be resolved by the competent local court at the place of the Company registration.
Section XXIII. TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATUS
These Terms and Conditions in their entirety constitute an integral agreement between the Company and each Customer who accepted these Terms and Conditions by means of registration with the Website. These Terms and Conditions make a public agreement of accession, they do not need to be set out as a hard copy document and signed by the parties.