https://www.hargeisauniversity.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Technology and News
Skip to content
Technology and News
Technology to Providing Excellent News
Main Menu
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions in this area our privacy plot, please feel free to contact us by Contact Form.
At mitanatopraxia.com, the privacy of our visitors is of farthest importance to us. This privacy plot document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by mitanatopraxia.com and how it is used.
Log Records
Like many other Web sites, mitanatopraxia.com makes use of log records. The information inside the log records includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
mitanatopraxia.com does use cookies to store information in this area visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on mitanatopraxia.com
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to mitanatopraxia.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy plot at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include :
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use smartphones to the advertisements and links that appear on mitanatopraxia.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
mitanatopraxia.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions in this area how to opt-out of particular practices. mitanatopraxia.com’s privacy plot does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information in this area cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Galaxy S10 with Dual Pixel Autofocus supports the Amazing Display Specs
How to choose the Best Routers that you Need According to Your Budget
iPhone Tutorial for Beginners: the Ways in Setting up New iPhone
Get the Benefits of Apple iPhone XR Manual Booklet
How to Unlock iPhone 5 to Solve Your Problem
Learn How to Block Phone Number on Samsung Galaxy S9
Apple iPhone 6 Feature and Specifications Details
The Significant Information on iPhone 8 User Guide
How to Take a Screenshot with Your Pixel Phone
A Smart Way How to Restart iPhone with Simple Steps
Two Types of iPhone X Owners Manual You Should to Know
Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ Appears with the Most Attractive Cameras
Big Storage of the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Informations
iPhone Pointers, Tips And Tricks For Everyone
Samsung Galaxy S8 will be coming with Stylus As Note 7
Don’t Waste Time Searching, Read All About Cell Phones Here
Easy Ways To Make Things Easier on Yourself With Your iPhone
Important Auto Repair Tips You Should Know
Tips And Tricks For Keeping Your Car Running Properly
Categories
Automotive
Technology
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Daniela by Christopher Crouch.