http://www.sgscc.nsw.edu.au/terms-conditions
Sections
Terms Conditions
Terms & ConditionsWe’re COVID Safe:SGSCC has a NSW Government registered COVID-19 Safety Plan to protect its staff, customers and visitors.This safety plan covers:Hygiene and safetyPhysical distancingRecording contact details of staff and customers Staff wellbeing COVID-19 – Conditions of Entry:So SGSCC can maintain our Covid Safe environment it is a condition of entry that all staff, students, clients, tutors, visitors and contractors do not enter SGSCC premises if they have cold or flu like symptoms.If an employee or student has a fever or becomes unwell while on College premises or programs the person will be requested to leave the premises to attend, as soon as possible, a General Practitioner for medical assessment. Assistance will be given if needed.If a client has a fever or becomes unwell their family, carer or responsible person will be contacted to come and pick up the client.For the safety of the SGSCC Community it is suggested that all individuals entering the College download the COVID Safe app.Website:This website may contain links to, or frame web sites of third parties (external websites). SGSCC is not required to maintain or update the links. Links to, or framing of, external sites should not be construed as any endorsement, approval, recommendation or preference by SGSCC of the owners or operators of the external sites, or for any information, products or services referred to on the external sites unless expressly indicated on this web site. SGSCC makes no warranties and accepts no liability in relation to material contained on external sites. SGSCC is not liable if interference with or damage to your computer systems occurs in connection with use of this web site or an external site. You must take your own precautions to ensure that whatever you select for use from this website is free of viruses or anything else that may interfere with or damage the operation of your computer systems.Enrolment:Enrolment prior to class commencement is essential.NB: Enrolments are open to all persons over the age of 15 years (except for programs designed for children).Class cancellations:Courses are non-refundable or transferable, however under some circumstances, such as lower than expected student numbers, classes may need to be cancelled by SGSCC, you will be notified at least 3 days prior to the scheduled commencement and either refunded in full or transferred.Tutors:Due to unforeseen circumstances, tutors may occasionally be replaced by others with appropriate qualifications and experience.Privacy:Information concerning students, including information submitted on the enrolment form will be used by SGSCC or other authorised organisations for the purposes of general student administration, communication, state and national reporting, program monitoring and evaluation.The information may be disclosed to the National Centre for Vocational Education Research (NCVER) and/or an agency authorised to undertake surveys. The provision of this information is necessary for both enrolment and re-enrolment. Information provided will be held securely and disposed of securely when no longer needed. You may access your personal information by contacting the College on 02 9528 3344.Prices:Course and material prices are subject to change at any time without notice.Payment:Cheque or credit card are the preferred methods of payment, if a cheque is dishonoured or cancelled a $27.50 penalty will apply.Material costs:Any additional costs will be detailed by your tutor, most practical classes will incur some material costs and these are kept as low as possible.Venue regulations:All venues are non-smoking. Parking in the grounds (including students, tutors, employees and all other persons) is done so at your own risk, please park only in defined spaces. Non-enrolled persons, such as children, are not permitted to attend classes.Diversity & special assistance:SGSCC is committed to providing access for all people including those with learning difficulties, disabilities or those who need language assistance.  Where possible SGSCC will endeavour to tailor courses & assessments to persons' needs.  Please indicate requirements at enrolment. Access for people with disabilities is dependent on the facilities at the respective venues used by SGSCC. SGSCC will Endeavour to make special arrangements to meet the needs of people with disabilities.WorkSkills:SGSCC offers a range of Nationally Accredited Training courses which are accredited by the Australian Skills Quality Authority (ASQA). These courses can be identified by the Nationally Recognised Training (NRT) logo and meet the Standards for NVR for Registered Training Organisations 2012. You may apply for Recognition of Prior Learning (RPL) and Credit Transfer. All accredited courses require students to be assessed in order to determine successful completion of a course.Concessions:A $25 flat discount is given on most courses, unless otherwise specified, to people in receipt of a FULL CENTRELINK or FULL VETERANS AFFAIRS SERVICE PENSION ONLY. Concessions will ONLY be granted at time of enrolment, and only on presentation of a current counter letter from Centrelink or provide proof of FULL VETERANS AFFAIRS PENSION describing the nature of your FULL pension or that you are unemployed. Limit one concession per term, per individual.  At this time we are unable to process Concessions through Online Enrolment.Seniors Concessions:A 5% discount on all courses offered except No Discount (ND) courses on presentation of a NSW State Government Seniors Card. Concessions will ONLY be granted at time of enrolment. Seniors Card cannot be used in conjunction with Centrelink Concessions. At this time we are unable to process Seniors Concessions through Online Enrolment. Seniors Computer Courses available on receipt of State Government Seniors Card or Counter letter from Centrelink.Membership:Membership of the College, an additional $10 fee per annum, ensures that you can contribute to the governing of the College. It entitles you to vote at Annual General Meetings, and a place, if you wish, on our College Council. It also ensures that you have a mailed copy of our brochure of courses each term for 12 months.Tax Invoice ~ Receipt ~ Confirmation:You can expect to receive confirmation of your enrolment by email or within 3 days if you do not supply an email address. If there is a problem we will notify you as soon as possible. This confirmation letter also serves as your receipt. If you have not received your letter within this time please contact us on 02 9528 3344.Refund and Transfer Policy:Refunds or transfers will be given when the College cancels a course. We cannot accept responsibility for changes in personal circumstances.WHS Regulations:No smoking in school grounds due to Dept of School Education regulations.Student Requirements and Material Costs:Unless stated in your confirmation letter, minimum equipment is required for the first class. Your teacher will explain requirements for further classes. Most practical classes, however, involve charges for materials. These are kept as low as possible.Access and Equity Policy:The College will endeavour to provide access for all people regardless of their background. Access for people with disabilities is dependent on the access and facilities/resources available at the respective Government School or venue used by the College. Most of these schools have limited access, but the College will make whatever special arrangements are practicable to meet the needs of people with disabilities. The disAbility Manager will endeavour to provide support for students and staff where appropriate.Rights and Responsibilities of the Client/Student:Clients have the right to be treated fairly and with respect by SGSCC staff and students in line with equity and anti discrimination legislation. Clients have the right to privacy, dignity and confidentiality. Clients have the right to expect quality provision of courses that recognise and appreciate individual needs and learning styles and with no hidden costs. Clients have the right to complain through appropriate channels. Clients have the right to appeal for a review of the results of an assessment (for accredited courses). Clients have the right to be protected from all forms of harassment. Clients have the right to expect truth in advertising. Clients have the right to know about policies referring to them. Clients have a right to a safe and clean learning environment.Clients are expected to treat other SGSCC students and staff with respect and fairness. Clients are responsible for reading General Student Information contained in College brochure and our Website. Clients are expected to behave in an acceptable and appropriate manner towards all College staff and students and to respect the property of the College, host schools, lessons and clients. Clients are to refrain from swearing in classrooms and other learning areas. Clients have the responsibility to not behave in any way that could offend, embarrass or threaten others. Clients are responsible for providing their course requirements where applicable (and where notified). Clients are responsible for being punctual and regular in attendance and are not permitted to bring non enrolled persons to attend the class with them.Clients are responsible for providing accurate information about themselves as required and advice of any changes i.e. correct name, contact phone number – other information as required for statistical reporting. Clients are responsible to refrain from using mobile phones, pagers or similar devices at any time in the class. Clients are responsible to not engage in plagiarism, collusion or cheating in any assessment task (for accredited courses). Clients are responsible for submitting all assessment tasks by the due date or ask for an extension of time if there are exceptional circumstances (for accredited courses). Clients have the responsibility to follow normal safety practices (e.g. following both written and verbal directions given by SGSCC staff).Rights and Responsibilities of SGSCC:The College reserves the right refuse enrolment or remove from class students who do not behave in an acceptable and appropriate manner towards College staff and students and who do not respect the property of the College, host schools and fellow students. The College has the right to charge course fees. The College has the responsibility to provide a safe workplace. The College has the responsibility in the conduct of its business to provide protection from financial exploitation of its clients. The College has the responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of clients and employees. The College has the responsibility to provide physical access for clients and employees dependent upon the access and facilities/resources available. The College has the responsibility to inform employees and clients of policy pertaining to them. The College has the responsibility to ensure honesty and truth in any advertising conducted. The College has the responsibility to act in an ethical manner in all its dealings and in line with equity and anti-discrimination legislation.For further information please contact SGSCC on 02 9528 3344.
LeisureWorkskillsSchoolAgeEnglishInternationaldisAbility
St George & Sutherland Community College Incorporated
© 2020 SGSCC RTO ID 7091
CRICOS No: 03122K
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions