http://www.rcbi.org/index.php/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Robert C. Byrd Institute for Advanced Flexible Manufacturing site. Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. During the course of making inquiries on this and related RCBI sites, we will collect personally identifiable information about you including your name, postal address, telephone and mobile numbers, e-mail address and industry information, when provided by you.
Your personally identifiable information may be used by us for all legal purposes, which may include, but is not limited to, responding to your requests and processing your transactions. We also may use your personally identifiable information for internal business purposes, external network business purposes and other purposes such as optimizing the user experience of the website or mobile application as well as analyzing and managing our business. So that your information will be as safe as possible, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard against unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect.
We also collect information of a non-personal nature with regard to website and mobile application usage for statistical analysis. This information may include but is not limited to: your IP address, browser type, pages viewed, length of view, etc. This information is used, as stated, only to enhance the user experience and provide RCBI internal marketing metrics and information.
We value the trust that you place in the Robert C. Byrd Institute and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information, therefore we do not share user information or addresses with outside sources for marketing or solicitation purposes.
For further questions, feel free to contact us: Robert C. Byrd Institute 1050 Fourth Ave. Huntington, WV 25701 Phone: (304) 781-1625 Fax: (304) 781-1623This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Thank you for your patronage!