http://www.nationalmediamuseum.org.uk/researchers/research-help
Skip to main content
vimeo
twitter
search
search-white
linkedin
instagram
googleplus
facebook
cross
cross-thin
video-play
video-pause
arrow-accordion-down-white
arrow-form-select
arrow-accordion-down
arrow-bold-right
arrow-thin-right
comment-bubble
quote-mark
twitter-alt
googleplus-alt
facebook-alt
View more details on collections site
You are here:
Home
Researchers
Research help The National Science and Media Museum is committed to providing greater access to our collection and our expertise.On this page you’ll find some examples of the ways we share our skills and knowledge, plus information that may be useful if you are interested in research using our collection.
Related Content Browse the collection
Browse the collection
In this pageSharing our knowledgeExamples of our workExhibitions and objectsFurther resourcesGet in touch
Sharing our knowledgeCuratorial expertiseWe can share curatorial knowledge and understanding around our core subject areas, and also provide museo-legal direction on issues such as copyright, ethics, policy and procedural development.We are happy to share our experience of exhibition and gallery planning, design and delivery. We offer professional development opportunities, including some opportunities to shadow members of our exhibitions team.For further information on the above areas, please contact the team at research@scienceandmediamuseum.org.uk.Help with conservationWe have a dedicated paper and photographic conservator who can offer remote advice on request. For further information please contact the team at research@scienceandmediamuseum.org.uk.Film expertiseIf you are looking for advice about film exhibition, technical specifications and programming, we are happy to share our knowledge. For more information please contact Kathryn Penny, Film Manager, at kathryn.penny@scienceandmediamuseum.org.uk.
Examples of our workCine NorthCine North is an outreach project focused on providing cinema screenings in rural and isolated communities across Yorkshire and Cumbria. Find out more at the Cine North website.ResearchWe support doctoral studentship projects through Collaborative Doctoral Awards (CDAs). NetworksWe actively participate in a range of sector networks, supporting UK-wide collaborations and more specific partnerships across museums in Yorkshire. These include the Photographic Collections Network, Sporting Heritage, Archives for Yorkshire, and the Science and Technology Archives Group.
Exhibitions and objectsExhibition proposalsWe commission exhibitions as part of our public programme, and rarely accept proposals from external sources. However, if you have an exhibition proposal you think would be suitable for the museum and would like us to consider, please fill in the Science Museum Group exhibition proposal form.Object donations and our collectionIf you’re looking for information about object donations or how we manage our collection, the following resources may be helpful:Information on how to donate an object to the National Science and Media MuseumScience Museum Group collection managementScience Museum Group collecting policyTouring exhibitions and object loansFind out about loans to other institutions and touring exhibitions available from the Science Museum Group.The Royal Photographic Society CollectionRequests to access or borrow Royal Photographic Society (RPS) material should now be directed to the V&A. Find out more about how to access the RPS collection.
Further resourcesIf you can’t find the information you’re looking for on this page, our research directory may be helpful. It includes listings of specialist organisations and useful contacts relating to photographic and cinematographic equipment and literature.You can find out more about our group research strategy and team on the Science Museum Group research and public history pages.If you would like to use any of our images, contact the Science & Society Picture Library, who will be able to advise on copyright issues and supply reproduction-quality images.The Internet Movie Database is a good place to start when looking for information on individuals working in film and television.
Get in touchIf you can’t find the answer to your question, email our collection team at research@scienceandmediamuseum.org.uk.Alternatively, write to: Corporate Collections Information, National Science and Media Museum, Bradford, BD1 1NQ.We will endeavour to respond to your enquiry within 20 working days.Before you get in touch, please bear in mind that we can only answer questions about objects from our collection, and we are not able to:Give valuationsAnswer general questions pertaining to the history of photography, film or televisionAssist with crossword puzzles, competitions and quiz questions
Privacy information
To sign up to receive emails you must be aged 16 or over.Your information will be processed for administration, marketing and charitable purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and any related data protection laws applicable in the UK. We will not share your personal details without your consent nor email you about our events, fundraising and activities unless you choose to hear from us. If you have any questions regarding the use of your data, please read our Privacy Policy or email us at data.protection@sciencemuseum.ac.uk. The National Science and Media Museum is part of the Science Museum Group.
More for researchers
Research directory Our research directory contains listings of specialist organisations and useful contacts relating to photography, cinematography and the conversation of materials.
Research the collection Whether your research is academic, professional or personal, everyone is welcome to make an appointment to visit Insight, our research centre.
Copying and licensing Did you know you can request copies of material from our research library, archives and photographic collections? Find out how to make an enquiry and license our images.
Back to Top
Part of the Science Museum Group
Science Museum
National Science and Media Museum
Science and Industry Museum
National Railway Museum
Locomotion
Terms and conditions Privacy and cookies Modern Slavery Statement Web accessibility Part of the Science Museum Group