http://www.capitol-college.edu/policies
Skip to Main Content
Search Submit
Search Open and Close
Menu Open
Search Submit
Fields of Study
Analytics & Data Science
Aviation and Unmanned Systems
Computational Systems
Construction, Facilities and Safety
Cyber & Information Security
Engineering and Engineering Technologies
Management of Technology
Security, Intelligence & Critical Infrastructure
Degrees and Programs
Doctoral Degrees
Master's Degrees
Bachelor's Degrees
Online Programs
Associate Degrees
Certificates
Minor Degrees
Summer Camps
Cyber Saturdays
Webinar Series
Admissions
Doctoral
Master's
Undergraduate
Transfer Students
Military and Veterans
International Students
Parents
Admissions Counselor
Capitol Connections Online
Student Experience
Builder Culture
Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
Centers and Labs
Online Classes
Professional Success
The Capitol Commitment
Top Employers
Co-ops and Internships
Professional Education
Find a Mentor
Career Services
Capitol Online Job Board
Recruiters and Employers
About Capitol
Why Capitol Tech
At a Glance
Mission, Vision and Goals
Washington, D.C.
Capitol History
Leadership
Capitol Partners
News and Events
Visitors/Campus
Accreditation
Recognitions & Awards
Contact Us
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Giving
Donate Now
Why Capitol Tech
News & Events
Capitology Blog
Maps / Directions
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Apply Online
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
HOME
Policies
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Federal law protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education. FERPA limits what information faculty and staff can discuss about students without their consent. For more information, visit the FERPA website.
The information on this page is written to explain to our website visitors how we collect information and protect your personal privacy as you interact with Capitol Technology University (“Capitol”) on the internet. We reserve the right to modify our policy at any time without any further notice and by using this website you agree to accept any changes that we make to this policy.
Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity Statement
The Capitol University community is committed to creating and maintaining a mutually respectful environment that recognizes and celebrates diversity among all students, faculty, and staff. Capitol values human differences as an asset, works to sustain a culture that reflects the interests, contributions, and perspectives of members of diverse groups; and delivers educational programming to meet the needs of diverse audiences. We also seek to instill those values, understandings and skills to encourage leadership and service in a global multicultural society.
Affirmative Action
Capitol University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, or handicap in admission, employment, programs, or activities.
Title IX
Equal opportunities:
Capitol Technology University actively subscribes to a policy of equal educational and employment opportunity and, in accordance with Title IX of the education amendments of 1972, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, gender orientation, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status in admission, treatment of students or employment.
The following members of the Capitol Technology University community are designated to receive inquiries concerning the university’s application of the equal opportunities statement. Inquiries related to the application of the Title IX may be referred to the campus Title IX coordinator, Melinda Bunnell-Rhyne; the Director of Human Resources, Katy DeHart; or any Vice President of the university or to the Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights.
Melinda Bunnell-Rhyne
Vice President
Student Engagement and University Development
Title IX Coordinator and Section 504 Coordinator
11301 Springfield Rd. Laurel, MD 20708
301-369-2491deanofstudents@CapTechU.edu
Katy DeHart
Director of Human Resources
Title IX Deputy
11301 Springfield Rd. Laurel, MD 20708
240-965-2465hr@captechu.edu
Privacy Policy & Legal Notice
Background
Capitol maintains its website to support its mission and to provide information about the University, its policies, campus facilities, and educational and other programs. Capitol hopes this information is helpful and easy to use.
Capitol is mindful that internet browsers are sensitive to issues of privacy, and Capitol will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information users provide to Capitol. The information provided by users will only be used for internal Capitol purposes.
Capitol makes efforts to ensure that its privacy policies and the applicable federal and state government policies are followed.  Information submitted on the website is maintained in a secure and confidential manner.
Access to this website is monitored. The requesting URLs, the device originating the request, and the time of the request are logged for access statistics and security purposes. Use of this website constitutes consent to both the monitoring, and the collection of such information.
The data that we collect
Personally identifiable information
Any information that a user voluntarily submits through forms or other direct interactions with the University, including a user’s name, address, contact and other information may be stored and used to personalize the interactions with the University. Capitol will not share this information with third-parties for non-University business purposes and Capitol does not store data such as credit card or social security numbers on the website.Non-personally identifiable information
Non-personally identifiable information refers to any data that Capitol collected based on aggregate browsing habits of our website visitors and device-specific data (i.e., a user’s web browser or IP address). Capitol does not associate personally identifiable information with this data.IP (internet protocol) address
Capitol collects the IP address of any device that accesses its website, but the IP address is not linked to any personally identifiable information. Capitol uses IP addresses to analyze broad trends for user behavior and troubleshoot issues on its server so that it can improve the website.Cookies
Cookies are data tokens that are saved in a user’s browser when a user interacts with Capitol’s website. This data provides the University information about your browsing habits, allowing Capitol to personalize a user’s experience on Capitol’s website. Cookies may be disabled by the user by changing the user’s browser settings.Advertising and third-party services
Capitol works with external third-party services to place ads that maybe seen on other websites, such as Facebook or Google. These third-party services use non-personalized data that is collected about a user’s browsing habits (for example the pages accessed and the links clicked) on our website in order to personalize your ad experience on other websites.
More information about how to opt-out of third-party ad tracking is available at
http://www.aboutads.info/
Advertising opt-out
A user may manage the ads and privacy settings that are seen on Google at:https://privacy.google.com
A user may also opt-out of any email communications from Capitol by following the instructions in the emails received from Capitol.Disclaimer of liability
Capitol maintains this website to support its mission and to be of service to its students and their parents, its faculty, staff, alumni, friends and supporters, as well as for general public use.
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other intellectual property in this site are owned by Capitol and may not be used in any electronic, printed publication or other format without the express prior written permission of Capitol.
Capitol makes a reasonable attempt to ensure that the information on its site is accurate and up to date. Capitol makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained in this site or any site linked to or from Capitol’s site.  Capitol reserves the right to change programs, policies and services described in this site at any time without notice, and Capitol will not be liable for any actual special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials in this site.
The views and opinions expressed by individual faculty, staff and students on personal webpages found within the Capitol website are strictly those of the page authors.
For the user’s convenience, links are provided to other non-University sites. These links are for informational purposes only. Capitol is not responsible for the content of these sites. Capitol does not endorse or approve the entities operating these sites.
This website may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, hardware and third-party vendor failures. Capitol cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.Compliance with Legal Requirements
Capitol does not discriminate against applicants, students, faculty or staff on the basis of race, religion, age, disabilities, national or ethnic origin, gender or sexual orientation, status as a veteran or any classification protected by local, state or federal law.
Back to Top