https://www.st-aug.edu/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
The University may collect information about how users access and use its websites, networks and related resources. The information collected on this site or from use of University systems may include the computer address used, the internet domain, the website the user came from or goes to, measurements of use, types of content used and other details. This data is used for website and network management, to improve website content, improve user experience (including directing users to specific types of content) and for security purposes.
Policies Governing Use of This Site
The University’s policies enable it to function efficiently and appropriately. By using this website, University network or related resources (University systems), you agree to abide by any applicable University Policies. For detailed information on those policies please see the handbook and catalogs.
Pages on other University websites may directly request information from you for specific purposes. That information will be used in the intended manner. If you have questions about how it will be used, please contact the page owner before submitting information.
Legal and Regulatory Obligations
Please be aware that the University has various legal and regulatory obligations to disclose many types of information, as well as operational reasons for doing so. Unless specifically protected (e.g., FERPA-protected student information, HIPAA-protected health information), the University may disclose information obtained through your use of University systems for University business purposes in accordance with governing law.
Contact Us or Report Misuse
For more information or to report any misconduct or abuse of this website, please see our contacts or call the marketing department at 919.516.4327
SAINT AUGUSTINE’S UNIVERSITY1315 Oakwood Avenue
Raleigh, NC 27610-2298
919.516.4000
Information For:Alumni Relations
Faculty & Staff
Media
Parents & Guardians
Visitors
Quick LinksApply
Employment
Coronavirus Information
Open House
Request a Transcript
Saint Augustine’s Chapel
Giving
University Compliance
Privacy Statement
Events
ResourcesEmergency Information
CAMS
Blackboard
Office 365
Campus Store
Faculty & Staff Directory
Map
Marketing Service Forms
The Prezell R. Robinson Library
Joseph G. Gordon Health Center
Space Reservations
Technology Support
Title IX