http://www.childrensmuseumineaston.org/privacy-policy
Our Team
The Children’s Museum in Easton knows that you care how information about you is used and shared.  We appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting cmeaston.org (and childrensmuseumineaston.org), registering online for an event, or communicating with us through social media (such as CMEs Facebook profile or Twitter account), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy, at any time.  Any such modification would not result in the reduction of your privacy or rights and would only serve to enhance CME's privacy policy and security.  As stated below, at any time, you have the right to request access to any information that CME stores about you and, at any time, you have the right to request to be forgotten and have all information that CME stores about you deleted.  We highly recommend that you review this Privacy Policy and the Website Terms of Use from time to time to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version.  The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations; they are not intended to be exclusive.
The Simple Version
We use your contact information for in-house purposes only and do not share any information about you with third parties. Event registrations, membership purchases and donations made through our website also opt you into our emails, from which you’re able to unsubscribe at any time. We will do our best to only send you information we think will be applicable and enjoyable to you.
What Personal Information Does CME Gather?
We receive and store any information you enter into our website or give us in any other way. This includes subscribing to our emails, purchasing memberships, registering for events, making donations and submitting forms. When we ask for personal information it is so we can fulfill your request and return your message. If you choose not to provide any of the requested information, we may not be able to fulfill your request or complete your order, but you will still be free to browse our website and social media accounts.
Some demographic data may be used statistically to share with our donors and contributors to convey the Museum’s reach and impact.
E-mail Communications
CME may share your email address with a third party email marketing services (ie Constant Contact) to facilitate communication between CME and you. Your email address will never be sold or utilized for a non-museum related purpose. We will send emails about events happening in the Museum, events happening in support of the Museum and in general to keep you aware of Museum happenings.  On occasion we may reach out to request your support and invite you to participate surveys and provide feedback.
We do not rent our e-mail list, although we may occasionally send an announcement on behalf of a partner in which you think you may be interested.
Social Media & Comments
CME uses social media and networks like Facebook and Twitter, to engage Museum members, visitors and donors. As mentioned above, CME makes use of data collected via these functions and on our website. On other networks, we abide by the terms and conditions of that website/service, and reserve the right to use those networks for marketing purposes. Comments made on CME Facebook account are reviewed and published at our discretion, and through the use of these functions you accept that CME is permitted to edit, moderate, and reuse comments for in-house promotional materials. Promotions and advertising are not permitted in this medium, nor is derogatory or hateful speech.
Event Registration via Event Espresso
We utilize Event Espresso to manage our events, calendars and registrations.  Event Espresso is a reputable third party event management vendor. When you register for an event on our website, your information is stored in our account and will not be shared.  For information regarding the processing of your data via Event Espresso please visit their website.
Online Transactions via Stripe
We utilize Stripe to perform all online transactions. Stripe is a reputable third party credit card processor. For information about how your information is used and stored when you make an online transaction on our website visit their website.
Automatic Information
When you visit any of our websites, our servers make a log of basic information corresponding to the sites and pages you have visited. This information is stored primarily to track the effectiveness of our websites and individual sections and pages within them. At this time, our general website does not use cookies (alphanumeric identifiers that can be stored by a visitor’s browser to identify them on a future visit, or during a single visit), but they may be used for event registration and other transactions to keep track of your shopping cart.
How Secure Is Information about Me?
All computers that receive or store personal information are secured by firewalls and other security measures. All financial transactions are hosted at a third party vendor Stripe which is fully secured.
Conditions of Use and Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at the Children’s Museum in Easton or any of our websites, please send us a description of your concern to info@childrensmuseumineason.org, and we will try to resolve it. Changing business practices and circumstances may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this website.