https://www.salemu.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. Please find details of our privacy policy below.What information does Salem University collect from me?We collect information from you when you fill out a form.When you register on this website or complete a form, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What does Salem University use my information for?We use the information we collect from you in any one of the following ways:Personalizing your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)Improving our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)Improving customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)Administering a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureSending you e-mails on a periodic basis, if you provide us with an e-mail address when registering or completing a form. We may send you information pertaining to your registration or form, university news, related service information, etc.Does Salem University use cookies?Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. These files enable the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser, so the sites can capture and remember certain information. You can opt out of allowing cookies in your browser settings.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. This helps us offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Does Salem University disclose any information to outside parties?We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect others or ours rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party linksWe may occasionally include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe comply with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). This means we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Salem University legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.Salem University may process your Personal Data because:We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsTo comply with the lawRetention of DataSalem University will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.Salem University will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.Transfer Of DataYour information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.Salem University will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.Disclosure Of DataDisclosure for Law EnforcementUnder certain circumstances, Salem University may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).Legal RequirementsSalem University may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of Salem UniversityTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liabilitySecurity Of DataThe security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.“Do Not Track” SignalsWe do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Salem University aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Salem University relied on your consent to process your personal information.Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.AnalyticsWe may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Behavioral RemarketingSalem University uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.Google AdWords Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/adsGoogle also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsShould you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.Salem University
223 West Main Street
Salem, West Virginia 26426
888-235-5024
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings