http://www.fleetairarm.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Register for newsletters
Register for Fleet Air Arm Newsletters * Mandatory fields
Name *
Email Address *
Pioneering Naval Aviation Since 1909
Buy Tickets
Annual Tickets
Book your visit
Events
Wet Weather Activities
Exhibitions
Visit Us
Contact
Opening Hours
Buy Tickets
Catering
Group Visits
Youth Groups
Find Us
Accessibility
Tesco Clubcard
Coronavirus
Learning
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
Colleges & Universities
Home Education
Downloadable Resources
Venue Hire
About
Monthly Newsletter
Visit survey
Video of the Museum
Testimonials
Vacancies
Volunteer
Affiliates
Support
Shop
ONLINE SHOP - NOW OPEN FOR CHRISTMAS
Exhibitions
Hall 1
Saved! 100 years of Search and Rescue
Jutland 1916
Fighting back against the Zeppelins
The Navy's Air War 1914-18
Sopwith Baby (N2078)
Hall 2
World War 2 Pacific Theatre: The Fleet Air Arm in the Far East
de Havilland Vampire T22
Battle of the Atlantic
Fairey Fulmar (N1854)
Fairey Swordfish II (HS618)
Focke Achgelis FA330A-1 (100545)
Grumman Martlet AL246
Korean War 1950-1953
Westland Dragonfly HR5 (WN493)
Hawker Sea Fury FB11 (WJ231)
LIM2 (MIG 15 copy) (01420/G-BMZF)
Airfield Viewing Area
Hall 3
Carrier
de Havilland Sea Vampire
Vickers Supermarine Scimitar F1
Hawker Sea Hawk
Blackburn Buccaneer S1
Westland Wessex HU5
McDonnell Phantom FG1
Hawker Siddeley Buccaneer S2B
de Havilland Sea Vixen FAW2
Vickers Supermarine Attacker F1
Fairey Gannet COD4 (XA466)
Projecting Power
Naval Air Power for the 21st Century
Hall 4
Leading Edge
BAC Concorde
Hawker P1127
Bristol Scout D
Handley Page HP115
British Aircraft Corporation 221
Falklands Conflict
Sea Harrier FRS.1 (XZ493)
Sea King ZA298: “King of the Junglies”
Cold War to Kabul
First Floor and Gallery
Battle of the Atlantic
Operation Skua
Blackburn Skua II [L2490]
New Exhibitions
Pioneers to Professionals: Women and the Royal Navy
Events
News
Press Releases
Media Enquiries
Roll of Honour
Venue Hire
Concorde Hall
Flight Deck
AgustaWestland Conference Room
Swordfish Conference Centre
Warnefords
Learning Centre
Learning
Primary Schools
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
Planning your Visit
Secondary Schools
STEM Programmes
History Programmes
Planning your Visit
Colleges & Universities
Brochure
Planning your Visit
Youth Groups
Prices
Home Education
Downloadable Resources
To help you plan your visit
Online Gallery
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out to outline the way in which NMRN processes the data it collects. This policy will be amended from time to time and you should regularly check this page to ensure you are still happy.
Personal Information and Its UsesPersonal information is provided on initial enrolment into the membership scheme and contact will be based upon the consent given at this time until informed otherwise.
Data may be used for:
Administration of the membership scheme
Administration of donations and legacies
To provide goods or services you have ordered
Statistical analysis and profiling of members which where possible will be anonymised
To communicate special offers, news, fundraising campaigns and other items which we think may interest you.
Data will not be provided to any other third parties other than for legal compliance. Any data provided to us will be kept for a reasonable time period in line with business and legal needs. All data will be held in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Scannable cards
We use barcodes on our membership cards to collect information on your visits. This data includes the properties you have visited, the date that you went and your membership number. We use this information to understand our supporters visiting trends.
You have a right to request any or all of the information we hold on you at any time (this is known as a subject access request). Please contact the address above for this information. Please use this address to update us of any changes to your details.
1. Use of Links
Throughout our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organisation’s, views or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your Web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you'd like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to webmaster@nmrn.org.uk with the subject "Link request."
2. Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our Website, please send your request to webmaster@nmrn.org.uk. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page.
3. Accessibility
This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at webmaster@nmrn.org.uk
4. Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete any of our online forms and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "Opt Out" section below.
5. Links to third party websites
This privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by the NMRN and does not apply to third party websites and services that are not under our control.We cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites and we advise users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.
6. Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won't share your name or email address with any outside parties.
7. Information we collect
We do, through analytics, collect data on the IP address of visitors to our website. We also collect data on the browsers our web visitors use, and the operating system used. We use this data to inform future website development.
8. Children and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When children send an email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
9. Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
You may opt out of receiving any correspondence other than what is needed to administer the scheme at any time by clicking unsubscribe in any of our emails or writing to: NMRN PP66, HM Naval Base, Portsmouth, Hants, PO1 3NH.
10. Your Marketing Permissions
The NMRN always acts upon your choices around what type of communications you want to receive and how you want to receive them. However there are some communications that need to happen regardless of your marketing preferences. These are what we would describe as essential communications to fulfil our promises to you as a member or buyer of goods or services from the NMRN. An example of this type of communication would be:
Transaction notification messaging, such as Direct Debit confirmationWhenever we send you a communication that we deem as essential, it will not contain a direct marketing ask such as asking you for a donation, so that we respect what you have told us on that subject.
11. Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: webmaster@nmrn.org.uk
Print this page
Email this page to a friend
Cookies on the Fleet Air Arm Museum website
All of our cookies are used to ensure the best user experience and some are essential for this website to operate correctly. To find out more about the cookies used on our website, see our cookies policy.
Find out more
Fleet Air Arm Museum
reviewed on
©
Fleet Air Arm Museum
Charity No: 1143023
Accessibility
Links
Site Map
Terms
Cookies
Survey
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Signup
Email this page to a friend
Email a link to this page to a friend
* Mandatory fields
Your Name *
*
Friend's Name *
*
Friend's Email Address *
*
*
Your Message
Enter the code shown