https://www.hfcc.edu/about-us/privacy
Skip to main content
Search
Breadcrumb Navigation
About HFC
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a top priority for us. We strive to provide you with the highest level of service, confidentiality, and security.
Online Forms
When filling out online forms at HFC, you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name, address, telephone number, HANK ID Number [usually your Social Security Number(SSN)], etc. Each form has different mandatory fields. These mandatory fields are the minimum information needed to complete your transaction.
If you are uncomfortable providing any of this information through our website, alternative methods of service, such as touch-tone registration and on-campus help, remain available.
Your Information
We only ask for information we need to provide service to you. We do not request information we do not need.
We will not provide or sell any of your personal information to any outside organization.
Two exceptions are required by law:
1. Upon request from a government agency, HFC is required to disclose whether you are a current student,
2. The U.S. military may require HFC to release your name and address to them for recruiting purposes.
Our internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting access to your information, even among HFC employees. One employee will process your form, and a separate employee will process your payment (if any).
We will not keep a permanent record of your telephone number or credit card information.
Your most recently supplied email address and your home address will become part of your personal file. We will not provide or sell any of your personal information to any outside organization.
We will only contact you for official purposes relating to your status as a student or graduate.
In order to improve the instruction offered at HFC and to meet the requirements of the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act, Section 113 and the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, Section 122, we will be using your SSN to compile summary reports. Your personal information will not be released to any outside organization.
Section 113 of the Carl D. Perkins and Technical Education Act, 20 USC 2323, and Section 122 of the Workforce Investment Act (WIA) of 1998, 29 USC 2842, requires HFC and the State of Michigan to assess the effectiveness of vocational and technical education programs aimed at training, placement, and retention of students. Although these laws require that performance reports be compiled base on wage record information, neither law requires students to give their SSNs to the College.
HFC will use your SSN in order to gain access to your individual wage record and to compile the required WIA and Perkins Act reports. These reports will assist HFC to improve vocational and technical education programs. By improving programs, HFC will be better able to serve both employers and employees. Your wage record information is confidentially maintained, based on your SSN, by the State of Michigan.
Neither the College nor the State of Michigan will disclose your SSN or wage record data to any unauthorized person or entity unless legally permitted to do so. Any personally identifying wage record data will be destroyed by HFC as soon as all required statistical analyses has been performed, or when the information is no longer needed, which ever date comes first. You should notify HFC should not wish to have your SSN used for the purposes described in this notice.
HFC's Secure Site
All online forms at HFC are designed to give you control over the privacy of your information. We offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.
Payment by credit card is required on our Center for Lifelong Learning Registration form and our Online Book Order form. Credit card payment is optional on our other online forms. Feel free to forward any payments via U.S. mail or stop by the Cashier's Office on the main campus, and we will be happy to complete your transaction.
More on our Secure Site
Positive Identification:
The HFC online forms website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm the HFC Web Server's identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any form. In addition, if your data does not properly reach HFC, your browser will notify you (prior to your sending any personal information) that the potential receiving website looks suspicious and should be avoided.
Data Encryption:
If you are using a security-enabled browser (e.g., Netscape Navigator 2.0 or greater or Microsoft Internet Explorer 2.1 or greater), the information you send us is encrypted, making it extremely difficult to read even if it is wrongly intercepted.
All HFC online forms utilize industry standard SSL technology to encrypt all information you provide on the form.
If you are concerned only about the privacy of your credit card information, we encourage you to submit your form without the credit card information and forward any payments via U.S. mail or stop by the Cashier's Office on the main campus, and we will be happy to complete your transaction.