https://www.southern.edu/terms.html
Home
Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
For All Visitors
Southern values the privacy of our website visitors. To facilitate website efficacy,
Southern may at times use techniques to monitor website visitor traffic patterns and
interests. Southern does not sell this or any website user information to third-party
agencies.
The purpose of the Southern Adventist University website is to support and enhance
the educational mission of the university.
All content posted by Southern Adventist University personnel on official pages of
the Southern Adventist University website are protected by copyright, including text
and images. Use of images and text from Southern’s website requires permission from
Marketing and University Relations.
The Southern Adventist University name, seal, logo, and other official images are
property of the university and may not be used without permission of Marketing and
University Relations. University employees must refer to and comply with the Visual Identity Standards Guide. In order to reinforce a strong and unified visual identity for the university, web
developers for university pages are expected to follow the Southern Adventist University
Style Guide. In addition, Southern Adventist University adheres to the latest edition
of The AP Stylebook. Non-compliance may result in page alteration without notification.
University-owned photographic images anywhere in the public portion of the Southern
website may be used after receiving permission from Marketing and University Relations.
Southern Adventist University students, faculty, and staff members are expected to
comply with the Southern Adventist University Acceptable Use Policy.
The Southern Adventist University website contains links that allow visitors to access
other websites that are not controlled by the university. Such links are provided
as a convenience, and do not imply endorsement by the university. Southern Adventist
University assumes no responsibility or liability for any material on these links
and expressly disclaims any responsibility for the contents of any linked site.
Southern Adventist University reserves the right to refuse to offer a link on an official
university web page or to remove a link without notice.
Visitors to the Southern Adventist University website may not post or transmit information
or content that violate the rights of any third party; that contain known destructive
or harmful components; that contain threatening, abusive, or obscene images or language;
or that are otherwise illegal.
The university reserves the right, without notice, to remove material or edit messages
received from visitors to the website. Southern Adventist University expressly disclaims
responsibility for materials submitted to the university or posted to discussion forums
or comments, including contents of personal or unofficial web pages.
Visitors to the Southern Adventist University website may not modify, delete, or otherwise
tamper with any information or materials on the website.
Visitors to the Southern Adventist University website may not unlawfully use, reverse
engineer, or reproduce any of the software, copyrighted material, trade secrets, or
other proprietary information contained or used on the website.
Southern Adventist University makes every effort to maintain the accuracy or completeness
of the Southern Adventist University website. However, the site is provided "as is"
without any warranty.
Southern Adventist University may add, change, delete, or update materials on the
website without notice.
The university does not guarantee that the website will be available continuously.
Visitors may use the website, but by using it, release the university from all claims.
The university reserves the right to change the web policy at any time without notice.
Questions or concerns about Southern Adventist University web policies should be directed
to the eCommunications Manager in Marketing and University Relations.
For departmental web publishers
Southern Adventist University does not permit web posting of content that is illegal,
that violates license rights or other contractual agreements, or that violates the
privacy rights of any individual.
Southern Adventist University reserves the right to reject or remove from any Southern
Adventist University website content that is outdated, erroneous or misleading, illegal,
unethical, or detrimental to the mission and operations of the university. In addition,
content that detracts from the value of Southern's web presence may be altered or
removed.
Privacy Policies
Information Technology security and privacy policies
Alumni Relations Privacy Policy
FERPA Privacy Policies
News Index
Web Streaming
Contact
WSMC
Southern Blogs