http://www.cusu.org/tac/privacy/
Menu
Coventry
Log in
Edit
Admin
Account
About Us
Advice
Education and Reps
Elections
Employability and Jobs
Equity and Diversity
How the Union works
Live Well, Stay Safe
Officers
Shop and Offers
Societies
Sport
Student Media
Volunteering
What's On
Log in
Basket
Edit
Admin
Account
Select your location
Current location: Coventry
Coventry
Coventry University: London
CU London
CU Scarborough
Coventry University Students' Union Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Purpose
Coventry University Students’ Union (CUSU) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy notice informs you what to expect when CUSU collects data from you and how it will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding personal data and how we will treat it. This applies to information we collect about:
:
Our members, officers and volunteers;
Users of our websites;
People who use our services;
People who give us feedback, make suggestions, complete questionnaires, polls or make complaints;
Suppliers and agents;
Donors and supporters;
Job applicants and our current and former employees.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016, and any and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to the processing of personal data, Coventry University Students’ Union, The Hub, Coventry CV1 5QT is the Data Controller (ICO registration number Z6064806) in respect of this website.
Information we may collect from you
We will only collect personally identifiable information (such as your name, address and contact details) or such other information as may be listed in the relevant data collection form, via the CUSU’s website when it is voluntarily submitted by you to us. We may collect and process the following data about you for the purposes specified:
Personal details given to us by you via on-line forms will be used to provide you with information, goods or services you have requested, such as membership records. The details you provide will not be used for marketing purposes unless you have been informed of this and have consented to having your details used for this purpose;
Information provided by you via feedback forms or questionnaires will be used in our legitimate interest so to improve our site and services;
If you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence to deal with and/or respond to that correspondence as is necessary for the performance of any contract with you or in order to take step at your request prior to the entering into of a contract and/or where such processing is in the legitimate interests of CUSU;
Personal data provided as part of any online application process for an employment opportunity shall be processed so as to allow us to process and evaluate the merits of that application in accordance with our legitimate interests.
We may also use personal data which you provide to us in any of the ways listed above and in the following ways:
To deal with and/or respond to any enquiry or request made by you prior to entering into any contract or agreement with CUSU or as a result of such contract or agreement;
To ensure that content on CUSU’s website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer in accordance with our legitimate interests;
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of CUSU’s website, if/when you choose to do so whether this be prior to you entering into any contract or agreement with CUSU or as a result of the same;
To comply with a legal obligation that CUSU is subject to;
To notify you about any changes to CUSU or services offered where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, or where you have expressed an interest in the same previously, or where such notification is required so as to allow us to perform any contractual agreement with you, or where you have expressly opted in to receiving such communications.
If you do not want us to use your personal data in any of the ways set out above you can opt out of receiving communications from us at any time thereafter by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any such communications.
We may also collect and use aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
Automated Decision Making
We do not undertake any processing of your personal information by automated means in order to make decisions about you which produce legal effects.
Eligibility for participation in SU Elections is determined by an automated process, if you believe your eligibility has been calculated incorrectly you can contact elections.su@coventry.ac.uk.
Retention of Personal Data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Information about your computer including logging information, such as your machine's IP address, operating system and browser type, may be collected automatically and used for system administration and statistical purposes only. This is statistical data about the browsing actions and patterns of users of CUSU’s website, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies may be used to collect user data to enhance your experience of CUSU’s website. For example, we may use cookies to determine whether your browser can accept a particular type of software, or to stop pop-up boxes appearing each time you visit CUSU’s website.
Third Party Links
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. We are not responsible for how they handle your personal data, nor for the content or accuracy of their content. Inclusion of any linked website or third-party service does not imply approval or endorsement by us. If you decide to leave CUSU’s website and access third party sites, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the privacy notice or policy of every website you visit.
Where we store your personal data
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and that it is subject to appropriate safeguards.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access specific parts of CUSU’s website, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.
On occassion we will pass data onto affiliated companies, subcontractors and contractual parties, in order to process your data for the purpose of redemption or fulfilment.
We do not share or transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Disclosure of your Information
Information about you will be disclosed to relevant employees of CUSU. We do share some membership data with Coventry University. However, we will not reveal data to third parties outside CUSU and Coventry University unless we are under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce any agreements which may be entered into between us; or to protect the rights, property or safety of CUSU, its students, staff or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
By using CUSU’s website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data that we hold about you corrected, although we may need to verify the accuracy of the new personal data that you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Please note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the “unsubscribe” links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
If you wish to exercise any of your above rights, please send a written request to the Director of Communications, Coventry University Students’ Union, The Hub, Jordan Well CV1 5QT or email at ac9147@coventry.ac.uk
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights. Please note if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you are unhappy with the way in which we have collected or processed your personal data or have any other complaint in relation to our handling of your personal data, please write to The Director of Communications, Coventry University Students’ Union, The Hub, Jordan Well, Coventry CV1 5QT or email at ac9147@coventry.ac.uk
You also have a right to
make a complaint to the Information Commissioner, further information can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at www.ico.org.uk or via their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Previous Page
Top of Page
Registered Address
The HubJordan WellCoventryCV1 5QT
Telephone
024 77655200
Email
infooffice.su@coventry.ac.uk
What's On
News
Events
Support
Get Involved
Communities
Societies
Powered by MSL
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Careers
Advertise
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Careers
Advertise
Contact Us
Sitemap
Coventry University Students’ Union Limited is a registered charity
Charity Number: 1139462
Company No: 07366779
Registered in England & Wales
Hi! Welcome/Welcome Back...
We've made a few changes to cusu.org, if you tell us what you're interested in we'll try our best to give you more of those things and less of the rest.
It takes less than a minute to update your profile and give yourself the best experience.
Update My Profile
Don't have time right now? You can always update your profile at cusu.org/me
Current selection:
No