http://www.marionhistory.org/terms-and-conditions/
Toggle navigation
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Alcohol Effects
Alcohol Types
Alcohol Abuse
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: August 17, 2018
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the http://www.marionhistory.org website (the “Service”) operated by Marion’s History (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Marion’s History.
Marion’s History has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Marion’s History shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
About Me Hi, I am Marion, and I used to be an alcoholic. However, I have been sober for the last four years now.
About two years back I started training and exercising, and it has made me a lot healthier.
More About Me and Blog
Recent Posts
What Does a Hangover Feel Like? How Long Does it Last?
The Connection Between Caffeine and Alcohol Relapse
Health Risks of Alcohol Abuse
Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome- Signs, Symptoms, and Withdrawal
Symptoms and Warning Signs of Alcohol Abuse
Categories
Alcohol
Alcohol Abuse
Alcohol Effects
Alcohol Types
TopicsAlcohol
Alcohol Abuse
Alcohol Effects
Reasons for Alcohol Consumption
Symptoms of Alcohol
Types of Alcohol Beverages
What is Alcohol
Archives
June 2020
March 2019
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
Featured