https://www.trainingdepartment.com/tmain/site/privacy-policy.asp
home  |
support  |
login
Need Help? Contact Us
Product Overview
Course Libraries
Create a Course
Launch Your Site
Resources
Company
FREE Course Authoring
Courses & Libraries
Student Administration
Customized Games
Quizzes & Exams
Test Results & Reports
Document Library
Just $10/Month Per User
Launch Your OwnOnline Training Site Today!FREE 30-Day Trial!
SITE OVERVIEW
HOME
Site Overview
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy-Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
We at TrainingDepartment.com
understand that you may be concerned about privacy. We have instituted policies intended to
ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We have posted
this Privacy Statement so that you will be aware of the type(s) of information we collect, how such
information is handled, and with whom it is shared. As we continue to develop our Web site and take
advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, this policy may change. Therefore,
we encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis. The amended policy shall be effective
automatically upon being posted on this site and users are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any
changes to this policy. This policy applies to all content found within this Web site and all customized
versions thereof.
Collection and Use of Information
When you browse our Web site, our server automatically gathers and stores the following information about
your visit:
Your Internet domain name and IP address;
The type of browser and operated system used to access our site;
The pages you visit; and
The date and time of your visit.
We use this information to learn about the number of people who visit our site, the technology used to
visit our site, to assist in making changes to our Web site, to improve the content of our Web site, and
for business planning purposes.
If you register with us, we may collect and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in
any other way, including your e-mail address. When you do provide us with personal information, questions
or interest data, we will only use that information to improve the services we provide, to track and measure
user logs internally, to contact you regarding TrainingDepartment.com
or other products and services offered by TrainingDepartment.com
and its subsidiaries and affliates, which we think you may be interested in, or to contact you in direct response to your
request that we do so.
You agree to provide current, accurate, and complete personal information and to maintain and promptly
update your information as applicable. You agree not to impersonate any person or use a name that you are not
authorized to use. If any information you provide is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, without
limiting other remedies, you agree that TrainingDepartment.com
has the absolute right without liability to you to terminate your use of our Web site, and that
TrainingDepartment.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates,
agents, employees, and assigns shall have the right to recover from you any costs or losses incurred as a
direct or indirect result of such inaccurate or incomplete information. You authorize
TrainingDepartment.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates,
agents, employees, and assignees to make any inquiries they consider necessary to validate your personal information.
You agree to notify TrainingDepartment.com
immediately of any changes in your personal data. Proceeding with the registration process indicates your
intent to comply with these Terms and Conditions. TrainingDepartment.com
will keep your personal information private and confidential.
We may send personally identifiable information about you, including your e-mail address, to other companies
or people when:
We need to share this information to provide you the product or service you
have requested;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process;
We find or have reason to believe that your actions on our Web site violate
Web site terms or conditions or are violation of law.
We do not make e-mail addresses or other personal information of those who access
the Web site available to any other organizations or companies.
If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may send you e-mail offers.
We may use information you
have given to us, for example, to measure your interest in various services or special offers, and inform
you about new products and services. These offers may be based on information you provide in your initial
registration with us, through surveys, or through information we collect about the pages you visit.
Any offers will be targeted to those participants who we believe will find them of value. Any list used
to send you a product or service offer will be developed and managed by
TrainingDepartment.com. At any time you may request
to be removed from the list by selecting "Please don't send me e-mail" on the Subscribe/Unsubscribe
to E-mail Updates form.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small string of text that a Web site can send to your browser. Cookies were designed to
assist in distinguishing one visitor's browser from another visitor's browser by saving and remembering
any preferences that may have been set while browsing the particular site. We use cookies to
distinguish your basket from other visitors' baskets on our Web site.
We may use additional cookie technology in the future to tailor our Web site to your interests based on
the items you review while visiting our site. For example, if you browse a page containing similar items,
the cookie stored on your system might "remember" that you visited our a web page featuring similar items
the next time you visit our site. That information could then be used to serve you more effectively. Based
on the cookie, we could take the opportunity to let you know of new products being offered
during a future visit to our Web site.
Children
This Web site and TrainingDepartment.com
do not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children.
Return to the Company HOME
Home |
Product Information |
Courses & Libraries |
Create a Course |
Launch Your Site |
Resources |
Support
Site Map |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us |
Company
© 2020 TrainingDepartment.com