http://www.hct.ac.uk/policies-and-governance/580f3924e7b65/Governance
Skip to content
Your privacy We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. To find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy.
Okay My Options
Home › College Information › Governance
College Information
Welcome from the Principal
Hereford University Centre
View Online Prospectus
Term Dates
The Campuses / Facilities
Reports
General Policies and Performance
Governance
Your Student Governors
The Board & Committees
Policies & Procedures
How to become a Governor
Minutes of Corporation Meetings
Minutes 2020
Minutes 2019
Minutes 2018
Minutes 2017
Minutes & Agendas 2016
Minutes & Agendas 2015
Equality & Diversity
Governance
On behalf of all the governors I would like to welcome you to the governance section for  Herefordshire, Ludlow and North Shropshire College. Here you can access information on the Corporation and its Committees, governance policies and procedures, minutes of meetings and details of how to become a governor.
The College
Herefordshire is a sparsely populated area with a population of 177,000. Herefordshire and Ludlow College delivers 87 full time courses and 300 part time courses, covering a broad curriculum in 14 areas of learning. Currently, the College has 1,500 full time students and 6,000 part time students, including 450 Higher Education students.
The Corporation
The Corporation (governing body) is responsible for the mission and strategic direction of the College, determines policy and monitors the performance of the College. It oversees the management of the organisation within the parameters set by the Instrument and Articles of Government. Further Education Corporations have between 12 and 20 Members, who can be from a variety of backgrounds; their experience and strategic skills make a vital contribution to the continuing development of Colleges. Membership details and governor profiles can be found using the link to The Board and its Committees. If you feel that you could contribute to the work of the College, either by being a governor or as a member of one of our Consultative Committees, please see the section on How to become a Governor for HLC.
Further Information & Contact Details
I hope you find the information on this website both interesting and informative. If you would like any further information about governance arrangements at Herefordshire and Ludlow College, please contact Linda Watkins, Clerk to the Corporation, by telephone on 01432 379351 or by email at watkinsl@hlcollege.ac.uk.
Igor Andronov Chair of Governors
Share
Print