https://www.bandonhistoricalmuseum.org/terms.html
Thank you for visiting!
Bandon Historical
Society Museum
Home
About Us
Collections
Photographs
Exhibits
Genealogy
Bandon History
Newsletter Archive
Activities
Calendar
Education
Museum Blog
Join Us
Gift Shop
Contact
Terms of Use
updated 11/17/2017
Terms of Use
By using this Web Site located at www.bandonhistoricalmuseum.org and
owned by the Bandon Historical Society (BHS), you understand that you
are agreeing to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please do not use our Web Site
if you do not agree with any of the terms listed below. We may change
the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of
the Web Site after changes have been posted means that you agree to
such changes. Please check on the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
regularly for any changes.
Lawful Use
You may use this Web Site for lawful purposes only and consistent
with these Terms of Use. You are prohibited from posting on or
transmitting through the Web Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening,
abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit,
profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable
material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that
encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise
to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state,
national, or international law. You are prohibited from altering the
code of the website in any manner unless authorized by BHS.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
You expressly agree that use of this Web Site is at your sole risk
and BHS shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to
your use of this Web Site. The Web Site and content are provided on an
"as is" basis without warranty of any kind, including implied
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
BHS makes every attempt to ensure that the content on this website
is complete, current and accurate. However, we cannot guarantee that
the information contained on this website will not contain errors,
inaccuracies or omissions. Such errors may relate to gift shop product
availability, price or product description or to any of the content
viewable on the Web Site. BHS reserves the right to refuse or cancel
any gift shop orders containing any error, inaccuracy or omission.
This may include orders that have been submitted, confirmed or charged
to your credit card. If an order is canceled after your credit card
has been charged, you will receive a refund.
Under no circumstances shall BHS or any other party involved in
creating, producing, or distributing this Web Site be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages,
including without limitation, lost profits that result from the use of
or inability to use this Web Site, including but not limited to
reliance by you on any information obtained from this Web Site or that
result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or
email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission,
or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of
God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized
access to BHS’s records, programs, or services. You hereby acknowledge
that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and
services available through this Web Site. Because some states do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest
extent permitted by law.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless BHS and its board of
directors, officers, members, employees, volunteers and affiliates
from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising from your breach of the
Terms of Use and/or your use of this Web Site.
Your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with this Web Site
is to stop using this Web Site.
Protected Materials
You acknowledge that this Site is owned and operated by BHS and
contains content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights, and that
these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and
technologies existing now and hereinafter developed. You also
acknowledge that the content is and shall remain the property of BHS
or any other party who has been involved in the preparation or
publication of the content contained on the site. You agree to comply
with all copyright and trademark laws and you shall not encumber any
interest in, or assert any rights to, any content on this site. You
may not modify, transmit, participate in the sale or transfer of, or
create derivative works based on any content, in whole or in part. BHS
authorizes you to view and use the content on this site solely for
your personal, noncommercial use. You may print copies of the content,
provided that these copies are made only for personal, non-commercial
use and that you maintain any notices contained in the content such as
all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights
notices. You shall not store electronically any significant portion of
any content. For permission to use content from this Web Site or from
a newsletter authored and distributed by BHS, request written
permission and provide full attribution. Permission should be
requested by contacting Gayle Nix, Executive Director at
gaylenix@bandonhistoricalmuseum.org .
Links to Other Sites
As a convenience to you, this site may periodically provide links to
third party web sites not owned or operated by BHS where we feel it is
appropriate. Your use of any linked web site is solely at your own
risk and you acknowledge that BHS is not responsible for the content
of that web site.
Copyright Complaints
The designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement
under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act is Gayle Nix, Executive
Director, Bandon Historical Society, 270 Fillmore Ave, PO Box 737,
Bandon OR 97411.
Severability and Integration Unless otherwise specified
herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you
and BHS and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and
proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) with respect to the
Web Site. If any part of these Terms of Use or Privacy Policy is held
invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner
consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the
original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall
remain in full force and effect.
Jurisdiction and Enforceability
Use of this site shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Oregon without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute concerning this site
shall be subject to the exclusive venue of a court of competent
jurisdiction in Oregon.
©2016-2017 Bandon
Historical Society
Design by
WowThemesNet