http://www.messiah.edu/info/20075/policies_and_guidelines/119/privacy_policy
Messiah University's response to COVID-19
Messiah is in session this fall with flexible in-person and remote learning options, health and safety protocols and student care and support.
Learn more
X
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Site map
Accessibility
Sign in
Contact
Apply
Visit
Give
APPLY TO MESSIAH
Fill out our online application and take an important step toward becoming a Messiah University Falcon!
Undergrad
Graduate
Dual Enrollment
Undergrad Online
Programs
Degree Programs
graduate
Degrees and certificates
Academic distinctives
School of Graduate Studies
Career development
QuickLinks
Library
Career & Professional Development Center
Schools and departments
University Honors Program
Messiah University is nationally recognized for its integration of top-tier academics and Christian faith.
start here
Admissions
Undergraduate
Apply
Request information
Cost of tuition
Scholarships and grants
Meet your counselor
Admissions process
Accepted students
Adult Degree Programs
Apply
Request Info
Tuition and aid
Admissions requirements
graduate
Apply
Request information
Tuition and aid
Admissions requirements
Visit Campus
Virtual Tour
Connect virtually
Open House events
Directions
Campus Map
We educate strong servant leaders who combine professional expertise with a reconciling spirit.
start here
Athletics
gomessiah.com
Full calendar
GoMessiah.tv
Be recruited
Sports camps
Sports & Recreation
Club & rec sports
Physical fitness
Game day
Sports ministry
Athletics serve as an exciting piece of our community and provide a common bond for school spirit.
start here
Faith & Service
Overview
Grow your faith
Service opportunities
Global engagement
Find a church
Faith in the classroom
Our motto, 'Christ Preeminent', shapes every experience you'll have as a student at Messiah.
start here
Student Life
Life on campus
Things to do
Your new home
Living on campus
Frequently asked questions
Dining facilities
A diverse community
Student support
Messiah’s campus is an active, busy place where you’ll have fun and make lifelong friendships.
start here
Home
Campus Directory
Offices
Web Services
Website governance
Messiah University web privacy policy
Web privacy policy
Our policy is to collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our Web sites unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us. However, our web servers do automatically recognize some non-personal information, such as volume and timing of access, as well as the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our sites.
If you choose to share personal information with us, we will not sell that information to commercial entities. Messiah University may communicate with you regarding future offerings or opportunities in which we feel you may be interested. If you do not wish to receive these communications, please contact us via our web help form at messiah.edu/webhelp. Please note that student information is kept confidential pursuant to federal and state regulations.
Security Policy
Messiah University's website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process purchases made on its online store and ticketing systems. By using this technology, online customers can feel confident that their personal information is protected from interception by any third party. Sensitive credit card information is not permanently stored on any Messiah University web server and though your order information is retained for our records, this information is not shared with other companies or persons.
Policy Changes
Occasional changes may be made to these policies as new services and content are added to our site. Visitors are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy and security guidelines.
How is personal information obtained on Messiah's website?
Unless you have taken steps to browse the web anonymously, or opt-out, Messiah University, like most institutions and organizations on the web, tracks web browsing behaviors to inform understanding of how our website is being used.
Cookies
The Messiah University website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
What personal information does Messiah hold?
Website activity: Data about your browsing activity on our website
Device and browser information: Technical information about the device or browser you use to access our website. For example, your device's IP address, and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device's unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Third party information: We may collect additional information about you from third party sources where we have the rights to do so.
Targeted advertising
Messiah University uses cookies dropped by us or third parties to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites. Click the link below to opt-out of targeted advertising from Messiah University.
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Acceptance of Terms
By using any of the Messiah University website(s), you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of any Messiah University site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Links to Third-party Web Sites
Any links on the Messiah University website to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. If you visit these links, please know that you will be leaving our website. Messiah University has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Messiah University does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information or materials found there. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked from the Messiah University website, you should refer to their respective policies for privacy/security information.  We are not responsible for the accessibility of external websites linked from the Messiah.edu site.
For More Information
If you have questions about our privacy or security policies, or have suggestions about improving our policies, please contact us via our web help form at messiah.edu/webhelp.
I need help with my website
Web Services
Support & training
View our roadmap
FAQ's
Services provided
Project planning
Website governance
Copyright Infringement Policy
Photography, Video & Audio Policies
Website guidelines
Website content & copyright information
Content check-up
Clients and Projects
Quick Links
Sign Up for Training
Request Access to Edit Site
Submit Feedback