https://www.arl.org/arl-terms/research-library-issues/
Home
Publication Type
Research Library Issues
Judith H. Katz Discusses Structural Equity and Inclusion for Research Libraries and Archives
ARL Executive Director Mary Lee Kennedy talked with Judith H. Katz, Executive Vice President Emeritus, The Kaleel Jamison Consulting Group, about improving structural equity and inclusion in research libraries and...
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Explored in Research Library Issues
This has been a year of tremendous turmoil and uncertainty葉he outsized impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Black, Indigenous, and People of Color and the police killings of Black citizens...
IMLS Director Crosby Kemper Discusses Role of Libraries and Museums during COVID-19 Pandemic
ARL executive director Mary Lee Kennedy talked with Crosby Kemper III, the director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS), about the role of libraries and museums, and...
Collaboration among Galleries, Libraries, Archives, Museums Explored in Research Library Issues
This time of accentuated interdependence and acute awareness of a historical moment calls on galleries, libraries, archives, and museums (GLAMs) to respond together and to lead forward. Memory institutions are...
Sylvester Johnson on Humanism in Our Technological Age
As a follow-up to Research Library Issues no. 299 on the ethics of artificial intelligence (AI), Association of Research Libraries (ARL) executive director Mary Lee Kennedy talked with author Sylvester...
Ethics of Artificial Intelligence Explored in Research Library Issues
The latest issue of Research Library Issues (RLI) opens a conversation about the ethical implications of artificial intelligence (AI) in the context of knowledge production, dissemination, and preservation. AI is...
Data Science Revolution Highlighted in Research Library Issues
The latest issue of Research Library Issues (RLI) looks at the critical role and participation of libraries and librarians in supporting the data science revolution at research universities. Authors from...
Mary Lee Kennedy Interviews EDUCAUSE President John O達rien about Privacy
ARL executive director Mary Lee Kennedy invitedEDUCAUSE president and CEO John O達riento talk about the importance of privacy by design, and the critical need for collaboration between IT and research...
Three Questions about Privacy for EDUCAUSE President John O達rien
Mary Lee Kennedy and John O'Brien | May 30, 2019 ARL executive director Mary Lee Kennedy invited EDUCAUSE president and CEO John O達riento talk about the importance of privacy by...
Privacy Explored in Research Library Issues
The first issue ofResearch Library Issues(RLI)in 2019 looks at privacy from a legal, digital, and applied perspective, with a focus on the implications and opportunities for research libraries. The release...
1(current)
2
3
4
5
6
Next
Tweets by ARLnews
Affiliates
This site uses cookies. By clicking 'I understand', you are agreeing to our use of cookies.I understandMore info...