http://www.lcc.edu/privacy/index.html
Skip to main content
Get Started
Info
Visit
Apply
Menu
Breadcrumb Toggle
Home
Privacy Statement
LCC Privacy Statement
Lansing Community College (LCC) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of personal
data in compliance with federal and state laws, as well as LCC policy. This privacy
statement outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of information provided to
the College through LCC's website ("Site") or other means, such as submission by students,
applicants, or alumni. Your use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and
federal laws, as well as general College policies.
Information Collected
The Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily
provide to the College, which may include personal information (such as your name,
address, e-mail address, etc.); and (b) information that is collected automatically
when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server
logs.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You through the Site
This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily
provide by responding to surveys, completing membership forms, sending e-mails, etc.
Generally, it is this Site’s practice to use personal information only for the purposes
for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site.
However, information collected through this Site may be subject to the College's obligation
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, discovery requests, and requests for public
records under the Michigan Freedom of Information Act. The College may also access
or permit access to information collected through this Site in accordance with and
subject to the limitations of the College’s Acceptable Use Policy. Although this Site
has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users,
users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing
all web browsers after using the Site. Information disclosed in chat rooms, news groups,
forums, message boards and similar contexts may become public. Users should, therefore,
exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts.
Information the Site Collects Automatically
This Site collects information automatically through the use of cookies, third party
tracking technologies, and server logs. LCC uses this information primarily to monitor
the use of this Site, to better target content and advertising, and to make Site improvements.
LCC may share this data with partners in order to enhance the functionality of this
Site, and to marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present
advertisements that might interest you.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small text files used to collect information about website activity.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device. You
can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org. This Site uses cookies for three main purposes: (a) to carry information about your
current session at this Site from one web page to the next, which also allows you
to automatically login to other LCC websites; (b) to identify you on this Site on
return visits; and (c) to market advertising to you. You have the option of disabling
or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser. If you opt to
disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However,
you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login.
Third Party Tracking Technology
This Site uses Google Analytics, Siteimprove, and third-party advertising platforms.
This Site uses a tracking technology within Google Analytics and Siteimprove to obtain
Site usage information such as users’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain
and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the Site is visited,
which may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions. Data from Google Analytics
and Siteimprove allows us to monitor the use of this Site, understand how users find
our Site, and improve the Site’s function and content. Site usage data collected through
Google Analytics and Siteimprove is not shared with other entities.
Server Logs
Our web servers routinely generate logs that contain the following types of information
each time the Site is used:
The date, time and length of your visit.
The path taken through our Site, files downloaded, and the browser/operating system
being used.
The Internet Protocol Address of the computer accessing our Site.
Any errors encountered.
This information is used primarily to monitor the functioning and integrity of the
Site and other LCC websites.
Updating Personal Information
You may correct, update, or remove the personal information provided to LCC through
the use of the Site by contacting the LCC Help Desk at lcc1@lcc.edu.
Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that the College does
not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of other
sites linked through the Site. Please read the privacy statements of each website
you visit.
Consent
When you submit information to LCC, or you use this Site and other services, you consent
to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information as described in this Privacy
Statement. Please note that other LCC sites may adopt different privacy practices
as their specific needs require.
Information Submitted to LCC
LCC collects and processes personal information (including certain Sensitive Information,
as defined in the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) that
is submitted to LCC from individuals who are, for example, applying for admission
to the College, enrolled in the College, employed with the College, or are alumni
of the College. LCC processes such personal information as necessary in the exercise
of the College's legitimate interests, functions, and responsibilities as a public
higher education research institution. LCC may use information collected from students,
alumni, faculty, staff and prospective employees to register and enroll persons in
the College, manage student and employee accounts, provide academic advising, deliver
education programs, analyze and improve education programs, outreach, make regulatory
reports, comply with accreditation requirements, and other related College processes
and functions. LCC may also use information to conduct general demographic and statistical
research to improve College programs. LCC may share information with third parties
who have entered into contracts with the College to perform functions on behalf of
the College, subject to the obligation of confidentiality and safeguarding from unauthorized
disclosure.
Retention of Your Information
Your information will be retained by LCC in accordance with applicable federal laws,
state laws, and the retention periods in the College's record retention schedules.
Rights for Data Subjects in the European Union
If you provide information directly to LCC from a location in the European Union,
you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside the European Union
to the United States. To the extent applicable, the European Union's GDPR grants data
subjects in the European Union the right, in certain circumstances, to request access
to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in the use of, or erasure of your information.
Your requests pursuant to the GDPR will be subject to the retention periods of applicable
federal and state law. The GDPR provides further information about your rights. You
also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection
authority. If you are inclined to exercise rights under the GDPR, please contact the
LCC Help Desk at lcc1@lcc.edu.
Security
LCC uses appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your
information when you transmit it to the College and when the College stores it on
its information technology systems.
Changes to Privacy Statement
LCC may update or change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the College’s
website and any third party applications after any such changes indicates your acceptance
of these changes.
Questions and feedback
Your questions, comments, and concerns are always welcome. Please send your feedback
regarding the privacy statement or any other issues to the LCC Help Desk at lcc1@lcc.edu.
Plan Your Next Move
Get StartedRequest InfoVisitApply
©