http://www.uif.uillinois.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
University of Illinois Foundation
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
The University of Illinois Foundation (UIF or Foundation) is the official fundraising and private gift-receiving organization for the University of Illinois and its three campuses at Urbana-Champaign, Chicago and Springfield.
UIF is a 501(c)3 nonprofit corporation responsible for encouraging and administering private gifts made in furtherance of University’s mission.
UIF works closely with alumni, friends, faculty, staff, corporations, foundations and campus development professionals to create fundraising programs and opportunities that benefit the University and support excellence in teaching, research, and public engagement.
Please be aware of the University of Illinois Foundation Supplemental Privacy Policy (“Supplemental Policy”) that supplements this Privacy Policy. The Supplemental Policy applies generally to the provision of personal information by individuals in the European Economic Area. The Supplemental Policy explains how the Foundation meets its obligations under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation with respect to such information. The Supplemental Policy can be found at https://uif.uillinois.edu/supplemental-privacy-policy.
COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
Collection of information is limited to publicly available sources, correspondence, and constituent relationships, including information from donor engagement and fundraising activities. Information gathered is used in pursuit of the institutional mission and goals of the University of Illinois Foundation, University of Illinois Alumni Association (UIAA) and the University and its programs. This information may be shared with University of Illinois development, the UIAA, University administration, affiliated organizations, authorized users, and third party contractual partners such as vendors for data services or marketing purposes.
In addition, we may share information as:
permitted by University of Illinois Foundation and University of Illinois policies;
consent is given by the individual;
authorized by an approved Foundation, University of Illinois, or University of Illinois Alumni Association contract for service;
permitted by law.
Information collected and stored is not sold, rented, marketed or allowed to be used in a manner inconsistent with the mission and goals of UIF, UIAA and the University of Illinois.
OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
The University of Illinois Foundation maintains physical and electronic safeguards to protect against the loss or misuse of data under our control. These safeguards include restricted access to computer systems, firewalls, encryption, and secure authentication methods. Information is always transferred to authorized users in a secure, password protected manner.
If donors choose to make an online gift, they will be directed to a UIF form and content is processed by our payment card acquirer.
For questions about online giving contact: OnlineGifts@uif.uillinois.edu.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
The University of Illinois Foundation is committed to the ethical collection and use of information in the pursuit of legitimate institutional goals. We support and further the individual’s fundamental right to privacy. Foundation employees are trained on issues of privacy and security. Vendors are required to have contracts with controls on data use and are prohibited from selling or repurposing constituent data.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of data stored by a Web browser on a user’s computer. Cookies are often used to retain information about preferences and pages a user has visited. For example, when a user visits some sites on the Web, one might see a “Welcome Back” message. We may also use technologies such as our own cookies to provide you with personalized display advertising tailored to your interests. The first time one visited the site a cookie was probably stored on the user’s computer; when the user returns, the cookie is read again. One can refuse to accept cookies, one can disable cookies, and one can remove cookies from one’s hard drive.
PERSONALIZED FOUNDATION ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS VIA PERMANENT COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS/PIXEL TAGS
The Foundation may use technologies such as permanent cookies and web beacons/pixel tags prepared by us or our third party contractors to provide you with personalized Foundation display advertising and promotional material containing information about the Foundation, the University of Illinois and its people and programs tailored to your interests. To opt out of this advertising and promotional material, contact: privacy@uif.uillinois.edu
We may also use the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about you and your visits to, and interactions with, our website and the website of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements and promotional materials for goods and services. To learn more, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at networkadvertising.org/choices.
TRANSACTIONAL VERSUS PERMANENT COOKIES
Foundation sites may use transactional cookies that facilitate business transactions. The Foundation will use permanent cookies or any other invasive tracking programs that monitor and track Foundation web site viewing habits when:
the use of permanent cookies adds value to the user otherwise not available;
there is a comprehensive online statement at the particular Foundation web site where such permanent cookies or other invasive monitoring and tracking programs are utilized that discloses:
all types of information collected at that site;
the Foundation’s use of that information; and
how the collection and use of this information adds value to the user; and
there is a link to this comprehensive Privacy Policy from that particular Foundation web site where such permanent cookies or other invasive monitoring and tracking programs are utilized.
CHILDREN
The Foundation is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA). The Foundation does not knowingly collect information on children under 13 years of age without the consent of a parent or guardian. Users under the age of 13 and their parents and guardians are cautioned that the collection of personal information volunteered by children online or by e-mail will be treated the same as information given by an adult until the Foundation becomes aware that the user is under the age of 13.
CHANGES
Periodically we will change our policy and any changes to that policy will be posted on this page. If you have any questions please contact us at privacy@uif.uillinois.edu.
RELATED LINKS
University of Illinois Web Privacy Notice
UIAA Privacy Policy
UIS Web Policy
Urbana Campus Technology Services Security
UIC Hospital and Health Sciences System Privacy Practices
Donor Bill of Rights – Association of Fundraising Professionals
Version 3 | 7.29.2015