http://www.museums.ca/site/privacy
Privacy Policy
Maintaining your privacy and security
The Canadian Museums Association knows that you are concerned about the privacy and security of your personal information. We believe your personal information deserves protection. We are committed to providing you with a safe, confidential data exchange experience. The CMA therefore voluntarily adheres to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada).
What does the CMA use your personal information for?
The purpose for which personal information is collected is to provide customized service to you. As a member of the CMA you may receive:
Information packages pertaining to members
Membership renewal notices
Magazines, conference programs, and other publications
Applicants and registrants to certain events or funding programs may also be required to provide us with information so that we may process their requests and maintain accurate records for accounting purposes.
We do not share personal information with other organizations.
What kind of personal information is collected?
Personal information collected for membership purposes may include, but not be limited to, the following:
Your name
You phone number
Your email address
Your home and/or work address
Your credit card information
All information will be collected by fair and lawful means.
Who may access your personal information?
Strict controls are maintained over access to personal information you share with the CMA.
Would the CMA disclose your personal information to anyone else?
Personal information will not be disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law.
Links to a third party
We provide links to other web sites. As the CMA does not control these sites, we would encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies, therefore no cookies are written on your computer's hard disk.
Changes to this privacy policy
All changes to the CMA's privacy policy will be posted on www.museums.ca
Questions or comments?
If you have any questions about the CMA's privacy policy, please contact the privacy officer at (613) 567-0099; info@museums.ca