http://www.msa.eun.eg/msauniversity/admission-policies
Search
Apply Now / New Applicant / Student / Staff / Calendar / E-Learning / Careers
Admission Policies
Note: MSA University has the right to change the admission rules and regulations according to the internal policies of the university with the coordination and approval of the Ministry of Higher Education.
1. Abbreviations and Acronyms:
MSA
October University for Modern Sciences and Arts
UoB
University of Bedfordshire
UoG
University of Greenwich
HR
Human Resourses Department
PR
Public Relations Department
CPC
Career Placement Centre
CH
Credit Hours
CPS
Credit Points
CS
Computer Science
MGT
Management Sciences
GP
Grade Point
GPA
Grade Point Average
CGPA
Cumulative Grade Point Average
BSc
Bachelor of Science
BA
Bachelor of Arts
SU
Student Union
BOS
Board of Study
ENG90
The Student achieves more than 40% and less than 55% in MSA English Placement Exam.
ENG101
The student passes MSA English Placement exam (more than 55%).
2. Rules and Regulations:
Admissions.
MSA University accepts students who have passed Thanaweya Amma Examination or any other equivalent High School Examination (IGCSE, GCSE, American Diploma, German Certificate, IB, or any other Arab Certificates and others). The Supreme Council of Egyptian Universities specifies the subjects required for admission, the minimum percentage for admission and the maximum number of newcomers accepted in each faculty, which varies from one year to the other. These conditions are declared to all applicants during the summer, prior to their admission to the University.
3. Faculties' Requirements (Thanaweya & Arabs Thanaweya):
Students are required to present the original High School certificate along with the Original Birth Certificate and any other documents required by the admission office.
3.1: Egyptian Thanawaya is divided to three main sections:
- Art Section.
- Scientific Science Section.
- Scientific Math Section.
3.2: Faculty of Engineering/Computer Science:
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Scientific Math Section. 3.3: Faculty of Pharmacy/Biotechnology/Dental Surgery
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Scientific Science Section. 3.4: Faculty of Management Sciences /Mass Communication /Languages
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Art Section or Scientific Section (Science Section or Math Section). 3.5: Faculty of Arts & Design.
3.2: Faculty of Engineering/Computer Science:
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Scientific Math Section. 3.3: Faculty of Pharmacy/Biotechnology/Dental Surgery
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Scientific Science Section. 3.4: Faculty of Management Sciences /Mass Communication /Languages
- The student must obtain his certificate from the Art Section or Scientific Section (Science Section or Math Section). 3.5: Faculty of Arts & Design.
3.5.1: The students who obtained his certificate from Scientific Section can join any of the following departments:
- Fashion Design.
- Graphics and Media Arts.
- Cinema & Theatre Set Design.
- Product Design.
- Landscape Design.
- Interior Design.
3.5.2: While students from the Art section can join the following departments:
- Fashion Design.
- Graphics and Media Arts.
- Cinema & Theatre Set Design.
4.Faculties' Requirements (other than Egyptian and Arab Thanawya):
4.1: Faculties of Engineering and Computer Science:
IGCSE, Canadian Diploma and American Diploma Students: a minimum of eight subjects In addition to Math on a higher level are required to qualify for admission; five of them must be English, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Advanced Mathematics.
International Baccalaureate Certificate: a total of six subjects + Extended Essay & Theory of Knowledge are required for admission. Three of them must be English, Higher Physics and Higher Mathematics.
Bacc. Francais, Abitur: a total of seven subjects are required for admittance; four of them must be English, Mathematics on any level, Chemistry and Physics.
4.2: Faculties of Mass Communication and Management Sciences:
IGCSE, Canadian Diploma & American Diploma Students: a minimum of eight subjects are required to qualify for admission; English is a must.
International Baccalaureate Certificate: a total of six subjects + Extended Essay & Theory of Knowledge are required for admittance. English must be one of the subjects.
Bacc. Francais, German Certificates: a total of seven subjects are required for admission. English is a must.
4.3: Faculties of Dental Sciences , Pharmacy and Biotechnology:
IGCSE, Canadian Diploma & American Diploma Students: a minimum of eight subjects are required to qualify for admission; English is a must.
International Baccalaureate Certificate: a total of six subjects + Extended Essay & Theory of Knowledge are required for admittance. English must be one of the subjects.
Bacc. Francais, German Certificates: a total of seven subjects are required for admission. English is a must.
4.4: Faculty of Languages:
GCSE, Canadian Diploma & American Diploma Students: a minimum of eight subjects are required to qualify for admission; English and a second foreign language must be included in the qualifying subjects.
International Baccalaureate Certificate: a total of 6 subjects are required for admission. English and a second foreign language must be included in the qualifying subjects
Bacc. Francais, German Certificates: a total of seven subjects are required for admittance; English and a second foreign language must be included in the qualifying subjects.
5. Admission Procedures:
Final acceptance is based on the highest percentages achieved in high school certificates and the grades achieved in MSA English Placement exam.
Fill the application online, print it and submit it to the admission office [Online Application]
Join the Parents Involvemts Program
Copy of the student documents is submitted to the admission office.
The percentage is calculated for applicants by the admission office according to Egyptian Ministry for Higher Education instructions and according to the requirements of each different certificate and faculty.
For foreign Certificates (other than Egyptian & Arab Thanawya):
- Each student must provide documentation to prove that they have spent at least 12 successive years in education. At least eight subjects are required for admission. Passing grades are determined by the Ministry of Higher Education.
Each new applicant is required to undergo an English Proficiency exam; New MSA English Placement exam. According to the exam result the student must achieve ENG90, except for faculties of Dentistry, pharmacy, Mass communication and Languages achieving ENG101 is a must
Internal transfer is permitted as long as the student meets all the new faculty's requirements, as decided by the Ministry of Higher Education for each year and if there are vacancies in the sought faculty.
External transfer students must meet the Ministry's requirements (Original Official transcript and Original official courses content). The respective Faculty Dean/programme leader interviews transferred students; and reviews their transcripts before admitting them to the faculty and notifies the student with the possible equivalent transferable courses. The final transferable courses have to be accepted and approved by the Ministry of Higher Education.
By the end of the admission period, a comprehensive report of all applicants is prepared. Approved applicants will be required to pay full fees and present all the required original authenticated documents within a specified time interval.
Admission Flyer 2020/2021
Validated by:
Read more!!
Read more!!
Tuition Fees (2020-2021)
Apply Online
MSA Repository (MSAR)
Central Research Laboratory
Main Office - 6th Oct. Campus
26 July Mehwar Road intersection with Wahat Road, 6th October City. Egypt.
Tel. : 3837-1113
Tel. : 3837-1115
Tel. : 3837-1516
Fax : (+202) 3837-1543
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Hotline: 16672
Admission Office
New ApplicantTuition FeesAdmission PoliciesScholarshipsTransfer StudentHow to Apply OnlinePost Graduate
Online Services & Applications
Student ZoneStaff ZoneNew Applicant Zone e-LearningLibrary CatalogAcademic CalenderCourse RegistrationPayment Inquiry