http://www.boarding.org.uk/terms
CLOSE
MENU
Home
About us
Executive Commitee
The BSA Team
Why Join the BSA
Advisory Service
Consultancy Service
Standards and Inspection
On Board
BSA Partnerships
BSA Certified Agent Scheme
BSA Certified Guardian Scheme
The BSA Guide to UK Boarding
BSA Awards 2020
Boarding School Fellowship
State Boarding Forum (SBF)
Equity, Diversity and Inclusion
Visas and Immigration
School Places
Privacy Policy
BSA Academy
Accredited Boarding Practitioner
BSA Advanced Certificate Course
BSA Webinars
Certificate (Pupil Welfare & Support)
Advanced Certificate (School Nurses)
Advanced Cert (International Students)
Diploma in Boarding Practice- Leadership
BSA Master's, Buckingham University
Online Training
Residential Easter Workshop
Mentor Training
Boarding Skills Award
BSA Magazines
Briefing Papers
Purchase Publications
Partnerships
Events
Safeguarding/ Covid 19
COVID Supplier List
School Search
Job Board
National Boarding Week
Boarding Orchard
Boarding Bake off Competiton
Borders' Got Talent
National Boarding Day
A day in the life of a boarder
Members
Terms & Conditions
Home | Terms & Conditions
Latest News
MEMBERS AREA
Latest BSA News
Former Rydal Penrhos pupil Nick Fiorita is...
11th December 2020
Putting on a Show
10th December 2020
England cricket legend Michael Vaughan gives...
10th December 2020
BBC Radio Kent Play For King’s Pupil Scarlett
9th December 2020
Generous King’s Ely students donate Christmas...
9th December 2020
On a rare lovely sunny dry afternoon in November
9th December 2020
Booking Terms and Conditions
Please click here to download the BSA Booking Terms and Conditions
The BSA Group reserves the right to decline bookings from any individual, group or company.
BSA maintains this web site ("the Site") and the information and materials on the Site ("Content"). By accessing or browsing the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use.
Privacy Notice
Please click here to download the BSA Privacy Notice
Disclaimer
Whilst BSA takes care to ensure the accuracy of the Content, to the extent permitted by law, BSA assumes no legal liability for and does not warrant that the information contained on this Web site is accurate or complete, or that these web pages will be free from errors or that its availability will be uninterrupted and BSA hereby expressly disclaims and excludes all express and implied warranties terms or conditions not stated herein, so far as such exclusion or disclaimer is permitted under the applicable law. BSA excludes all liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by any errors or omissions, whether such errors or omissions result from negligence, accident or any other cause but this disclaimer is without prejudice to any claims for fraudulent misrepresentation, personal injuries or death.
Restrictions on Use of Content
The Content of this web site and all copyright and other intellectual property rights therein belong to BSA or its Content providers. You are hereby granted permission to access the Site and print a copy of the Content as a record of your visit. All other use of the Site and its Content, including modification, publication, transmission, creation of derivative works, incorporation into another web site or reproducing the Site or the Content (whether by linking, framing or any other method) is not permitted without BSA' prior express written consent.
Privacy Statement
BSA will only use the personal information submitted on this site to respond to the query and send future correspondence and promotions. You can unsubscribe from these promotions at any time from within the email you receive. Your information will not be shared with any third parties unconnected with BSA.
Information sharing
BSA do not share any information submitted through this website with third parties. If you have opted into receiving information from BSA, then you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe on receipt of an email.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how visitors use the site in the aggregate. It does not collect personally identifiable information, and does not track your movements between different websites.
The cookies used by Google Analytics are:
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
__utmv
__utmx
More details about the purpose of these cookies can be found here.
You may opt out of Google Analytics on all websites by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, or just for this website by clicking on the button below:
You opted to allow cookie usage
Opt Out
You opted to block cookie usage Accept Cookies
You have not set up a preference for the cookie management Accept Cookies Opt Out
Acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to BSA Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with BSA Privacy Statement, please do not use our site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, add or remove portions of this Privacy Statement at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the BSA site following the posting of changes to this Statement means you accept the changes we make.
Terms and conditions for consultants and speakers
BSA Group work with external and independent experts, speakers and trainers to deliver CPD content. Terms and conditions apply to any booking of external expertise.
BSA Group
First Floor, 27 Queen Anne's Gate
London UK SW1H 9BU
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7798 1580
The BSA is an Associate Member of the Independent Schools Council (ISC)
Key links
Find a UK Boarding School
Boarding FAQs
Latest Boarding School Jobs
Annual BSA Conferences
Latest Boarding School News
UK Boarding Schools
CONTACT THE BSA
Terms
Contact Us | Terms
Website
design by
Interactive Schools
Credits