https://www.osler.org/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Osler Institute
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from osler.org (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. – “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. – “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example,
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. You may opt out of this advertising by emailing info@osler.org
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@osler.org or by mail using the details provided below:
618 Wabash Ave Ste 200, Terre Haute, IN, 47807, United States
The entire course was exceptional.great course. very high yield. would recommend.Excellent course. Excellent instructorsThe course was very helpful to me and provided an excellent review.
The Osler Institute is carefully monitoring the situation regarding the Coronavirus (COVID-19). Please check back regularly for any updates to live course dates and locations.
Dismiss
Logon Help
If you have logged in and are not seeing the expected content you may need to do a hard refresh on your browser. To accomplish this on:
PC hold down the CTRL key while tapping the F5 key
Mac or Apple Apple + R or command + R
Linux: F5
iPhone by tapping the circular arrow button in the upper-right corner of the Safari window
Android Chrome tap 3 dots on the upper right corner then tap the circular arrow button
CLOSE
Osler Insitute Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log In
Don't have an account? Register Lost your password? Click here
×
COVID19 and Osler Events
Our hope is that COVID19 issues will diminish with time, social distancing, and warmer weather. While it appears that the situation is improving, our first consideration has to be the safety of participants, faculty, and staff. With that in mind, it may be necessary for Osler to cancel some in-person reviews. However, we are not going to leave you without alternative study options to prepare for your exam. We are preparing to offer a combination of virtual and recorded materials for all currently scheduled LIVE 2020 courses should it be necessary. The exact format will vary by original course format and medical specialty. All participants who register for a LIVE Osler 2020 course will be the given details of any change in format and offered the opportunity to transfer to the new “virtual course”, at a reduced price, or receive a full tuition refund. Osler Registration will email all registrants details of any proposed changes.
CLOSE
Guarantee
The Osler Institute is so confident that our program is the best that we guarantee: if you have attended an Osler course or subscribed to an online review and then within the following 9 months failed the examination for which that course was designed, you may re-enroll in an Osler course or resubscribe to the same term online review until you pass tuition-free. Each free course must be preceded by a corresponding failed examination attempt.
Additional terms for Live courses only: Hotel, banquet, and additional study material costs are not included. In order for Osler to insure adequate facilities for all participants, enrollment in a course under the guarantee must be completed more than 30 days prior to the course start date or a late fee will be incurred.
×