http://www.iwr.msu.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Search
Institute of Water Research
Audience Menu
TWITTER
Facebook
MSU
HomeOnline ToolsNetworkingGreat Lakes Clean Communities NetworkNetworked Neighborhoods for Eco-Conservation OnlineSocial Indicators Data Management and AnalysisDecision SupportCommunity Vibrancy DashboardMichigan EnviroImpactCANMaPPGreat Lakes Watershed Management SystemHigh Impact TargetingHealth Impact AssessmentSoil Loss EquationSensitive Areas Identification SystemWatershed AnalysiseWatershedTrainingResearchCurrent ProjectsPast ProjectsCoursesEventsPast ConferencesWho We AreIWR Team MembersIWR Affiliates
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Michigan State University Division of Engineering Computing Services
This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website (“Site”) collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect information you choose to provide us.
Please note that other Michigan State University websites may adopt different privacy practices as their specific needs require.
Use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and federal laws, as well as general University policies.
Information Collected
This Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc.), and (b) information we collect automatically when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, responding to surveys, completing membership forms, sending e-mails, etc.  It is this Site’s general practice to use personal information only for the purposes for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site.  However, information collected through this Site may be subject to the University’s obligation to respond to subpoenas, court orders, discovery requests, and requests for public records under the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.  Further, the disclosure of information collected through this Site is subject to the provisions of the Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act. You may also wish to review the MSU webpage on Student Rights Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). https://reg.msu.edu/ROInfo/Notices/PrivacyGuidelines.aspx
The University may also access or permit access to information collected through this Site in accordance with and subject to the limitations of the University’s Acceptable Use Policy for Information Technology Resources.
Although this Site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the Site.  Information disclosed in chat rooms, news groups, forums, message boards and similar contexts may become public.  Users should therefore exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts.
Updating Personal Information
You may correct, update, or remove the personal information provided to us through the use of the Site. In particular:
Faculty, staff, retiree, students and alumni contact information listed in the MSU people directory - to change personal information in the MSU people directory, visit the MSU IT Service Desk (Login): https://itservicedesk.msu.edu/CAisd/pdmweb.exe
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files used to collect information about website activity.  No personal information is collected through our use of cookies.  This Site uses cookies for two main purposes: (a) to carry information about your current session at this Site from one web page to the next, which also allows you to automatically login to other Michigan State University websites, and (b) to identify you on this Site on return visits.
You have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser.  If you opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However, you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login (e.g. accessing secured content, posting to message boards, etc.).
Webpage Tracking Technology
This Web Site uses Matomo Web Analytics Platform (formerly Piwik) for the internal (Engineering) tracking technology.  Matomo is an open-source analytics tool on the Engineering web servers with site specific IDs. Each site ID provides general data from the past 60 days to DECS webmasters and the sites’ users such as number of page views, average time on the page and bounce rates, in order to improve the site’s content and functionality.  To learn more about Matomo visit their website: https://matomo.org/
Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each website they visit.
Disclaimer
Neither Michigan State University, nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees, shall be liable for any improper or incorrect use of information obtained through the use of this Site.
Consent
By using this Site you consent to the terms of this privacy statement.
Questions and feedback
Your questions, comments and concerns are always welcome.  Please send us your feedback regarding the privacy statement or any other web issues to DECS Website Feedback at: https://www.egr.msu.edu/decs/contact.
Call us: (517)353-3742
Contact Information
Privacy Policy
Site Accessibility
Call MSU: (517) 355-1855
Visit: msu.edu
MSU is an affirmative-action, equal-opportunity employer.
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Spartans Will.
© Michigan State University