http://www.bowlus.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyUpdated April 4, 2019
We want you to get the most out of our Bowlus Road Chief® LLC/Bowlus LLC site. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use our web services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
Data Collection
Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. Examples of this type of data are: the name of your Internet service provider, the site that referred you to us, any pages you request, and the time and date of those requests, etc.
There are instances where Bowlus Road ®/Bowlus requests personally identifiable information to provide site visitors with a service. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, and type of request, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the request, as determined by Bowlus Road Chief/Bowlus to fulfill your needs.
For some services, we may request credit card or other payment information. Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus maintains this information in encrypted form on secure servers.
Cookies
Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus may send your browser a “cookie” that uniquely identifies your browser. Your browser will store the cookie as a string of characters that will be sent back to our website to improve the user experience of our website. Many websites will not work without the use of cookies. It is possible to set your browser to reject cookies, but be aware that some web services or features of our site may not function properly.
Pixel Tags
We may at sometimes make use of “pixel tags” (sometimes called “Internet tags”, “web beacons” or “clear GIFS”), which are tiny graphic images, on our website. Pixel tags help us analyze our users online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the site. This information may include your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
Information Sharing
Personally identifiable Information collected on our website is never provided or sold to any other company for that company’s independent use without your consent.
However, we may share such information in any of the following circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf.
When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus, its users or the public.
Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus may choose to process and store personal information at any of our facilities in the United States or any other country in which Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus or its agents have facilities. By providing your information, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities.
In the event of a change of ownership of Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus such as a merger or acquisition with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information becomes subject to a privacy policy not in compliance with this policy.
We may share aggregated information without personally identifying information, such as the number of hits on a page, with other entities.
Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following by email. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Intellectual Property Ownership and Use
Please be aware that as you visit and navigate this website your use of our site is subject to applicable laws governing ownership and use of intellectual property, including our trademarks and copyrights.
For International Website Users: The bowlusroadchief.com Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you are accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and our Conditions of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Trademarks
You may not use any of the Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus/Road Chief®/Endless Highways®/On The Road®/Heritage® trademarks or trade dress without our prior written permission. Trademarks or trade dress include the Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus/Road Chief®/Endless Highways®/On The Road®/Heritage® name and logos, and other graphics, logos, photography, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names of Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus products, services, and programs. Any other trademarks that appear on our website are the property of their owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us or our affiliates.
Copyright
All text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations appearing on the website, as well as the software used to create them, are owned by Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus and are protected by U.S. and foreign copyright laws. You may electronically copy and/or print “hard copies” from the website solely for personal, non-commercial purposes related to reserving a Road Chief® on the website. Any other use of any content included on the website, including linking or framing to this website, are strictly prohibited unless you first obtain our prior written consent.
Non-Confidential Information
Except for information necessary to place an order, we do not want you to send to us any confidential or proprietary information through this website. Any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be considered non-confidential, and by submitting it, you are giving us the absolute right to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute it for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. However, we will not use your name unless we are required by law to identify the source of the materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments, or unless we first obtain your permission.
Errors and Inaccuracies
We always try to provide complete, accurate, up-to-date information on our website. Unfortunately, despite those efforts human or technological errors may occur. This site may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and some information may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, including after an order has been submitted, and to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
Disclaimer of Liability
We make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this website, its content, or the information available on or through it; they are provided “as is,” with all faults. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this website or any other site linked to it. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
Your Consent
You acknowledge that this Privacy and Usage Policy is part of the Terms of Use and you agree that using our website signifies your assent to Bowlus Road Chief’s®/Bowlus’ Privacy and Usage Policy and related terms of use provided above, is subject to all applicable laws, and is undertaken at your own risk. Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus reserves the right to change this Privacy and Usage Policy at any time, without advance notice. If we decide to change our Privacy and Usage Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
“Spoofing” and “Phishing”
A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal information from you. Please be aware that Bowlus Road Chief®/Bowlus will NEVER send you an email requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal information. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, DO NOT respond to it, and DO NOT click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward an email to us, as we will investigate all instances of possible Internet fraud.
Children’s Privacy
Our website is not meant for children, and we do not collect any personally information from children or young adults under the age of 21. We will remove from our files any personally identifiable information of anyone we discover to be under twenty-one years old. Our online contests are restricted to entrants who are at least 21 years old.
Links
Our site may link to other company sites. When you follow a link for our site, we advise you to check the privacy statements of any site before providing any personally identifiable information.
Changes to this Policy
Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We do not intend to make any major revisions, but the new policy will be available on the website 7 days before it takes effect.
PRIVACY POLICY ADDENDUM
This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service.
Online Pricing & Financing Information Pricing
The specifications and pricing displayed are subject to change. Bowlus Road Chief®reserves the right to substitute components or parts of substantially equal quality and to modify trailer specifications accordingly at its sole discretion.
Financing Information
20% cash down / 240 months / 4.5% APR / Credit Approval Required / Financing set up by Third Party / All advertised prices exclude applicable governmental fees and taxes, finance charges and any dealer preparation charges.
Please register below to receive access to the exclusive National Parks Guide.
Please leave this field empty.
CLOSE
Thank you for requesting a Bowlus guide.
We invite you to visit our RV Buyers Guide with the password: rvbuyers
CLOSE
Thank you for requesting a Bowlus guide.
We invite you to visit our RV Camping Guide with the password: rvcamping
CLOSE
Bowlus®