http://www.wsc.mass.edu/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
+MENUWestfield State University
Westfield State University
Westfield State University
Resources
Resources
Academic Calendar
Bookstore
Class Cancellations
How Do I?
Library
Registrar
Technology Support
University Catalog
Logins
Logins
myWestfield
Email
PLATO/Online Learning
Employee Self-Service
Online Services
Request Space
Copy Center Storefront
Academics
Student Life
Admissions
Campus Visits
Tuition & Financial Aid
About
Safe Fall Opening/COVID-19
News & Events
Athletics
Alumni
Search
Search
A-Z Offices & Services
Faculty & Staff Directory
Presidential Search
Apply
Make a Gift
The 2021-2022 FAFSA is now open! For assistance with the FAFSA:
Contact the Financial Aid Office
×
Thank you for visiting our site.  We’re committed to fulfilling our responsibility of remaining transparent, respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. Usage of any information collected is intended only for appropriate purposes.
Information Collection and Use
We may collect information about how users access and interact with our web sites and related resources. This data is strictly used for website management to help you quickly find information and to help us create content that is most relevant to you.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
We may ask you for personally identifiable information that may include, for example, name, email address, or phone number so that we are able to communicate with our visitors.  We’ll never sell or trade personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us unless one or more of the following conditions apply:
We have your consent to share the information
We are sharing such information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes
Cookies
Like many sites, the Westfield State University website uses cookies and similar technology that may be used to track web browsing patterns to inform an understanding of how our sites are being used so that we may offer a better site experience in the future. General information is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are small text files stored on your computer. This is used to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and user experience.
You may disable cookies through your individual browser options. Learn more about cookies.
Google™ Analytics
Some sections of Westfield State University-owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users interact with our sites. This information collected by cookies will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website and to generate reports on website activity. Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics terms of use and Google’s privacy practices.
Third-Party Services
We may use third-party advertising companies to help customize site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf.  These companies may utilize cookies and web beacons (a.k.a. pixels) to measure advertising effectiveness.  Any information these third-parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
Other Official Westfield State University Websites
Though this privacy notice applies to most Westfield State University sites, other sites within the ma.edu domain (identified by a different term such as “library.ma.edu” or “my.westfield.ma.edu”) or within a different domain but still considered an official University site (identified by a different term such as “westfieldstateowls.com” or “westfieldstatealumni.org”) may have different privacy practices. If applicable, consult the privacy notice on each page or use the contact information available on that website to get more information.
External Links
Some Westfield State University websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, Westfield State University in any way. Westfield State University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Goolgle™ Translate Disclaimer
Translations on the Westfield State University websites are prepared by Google Translate. While reasonable efforts are made to provide accurate translations, portions may be incorrect due to the translation feature.
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Notice may be modified from time to time. Changes will be posted on this page. The effective date of this Privacy Notice is July 13, 2017.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or the practices of this website, you may contact:
Westfield State University
webmasters@westfield.ma.edu
EXCELLENCE IS WAITING
Apply Today
Westfield State University
577 Western Avenue Westfield, MA 01086 (413) 572-5300
Contact Westfield State
Directory
Site Map
© 2020
Westfield State University. All rights reserved.
Policies & Information
Accessibility & Inclusion
Annual Security Report (Clery Act)
DACA Resources
Emergency Preparedness
Privacy Notice & Disclaimers
Public Record Requests
SDS Locator and Chemical Library
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Sign up for Emergency Notifications
Student Consumer Information
University Policies
Employment
Careers at Westfield State
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
News & Events