https://www.investopedia.com/terms/k/knowledge-process-outsourcing.asp
Education
General
Dictionary
Economics
Corporate Finance
Roth IRA
Stocks
Mutual Funds
ETFs
401(k)
Investing/Trading
Investing Essentials
Fundamental Analysis
Portfolio Management
Trading Essentials
Technical Analysis
Risk Management
Markets
News
Company News
Markets News
Trading News
Political News
Trends
Popular Stocks
Apple (AAPL)
Tesla (TSLA)
Amazon (AMZN)
AMD (AMD)
Facebook (FB)
Netflix (NFLX)
Simulator
Simulator
Create an Account
Join a Game
My Simulator
My Game
Create a Game
Your Money
Personal Finance
Wealth Management
Budgeting/Saving
Banking
Credit Cards
Home Ownership
Retirement Planning
Taxes
Insurance
Reviews & Ratings
Best Online Brokers
Best Savings Accounts
Best Home Warranties
Best Credit Cards
Best Personal Loans
Best Student Loans
Best Life Insurance
Best Auto Insurance
Advisors
Your Practice
Practice Management
Continuing Education
Financial Advisor Careers
Investopedia 100
Wealth Management
Portfolio Construction
Financial Planning
Academy
Popular Courses
Investing for Beginners
Become a Day Trader
Trading for Beginners
Technical Analysis
Courses by Topic
All Courses
Trading Courses
Investing Courses
Financial Professional Courses
Submit
Business
Business Essentials
Marketing Essentials
Business Leaders
Corporate Finance & Accounting
Small Business
Company Profiles
Business
Business Essentials
What Is Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO)?
Knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) is the outsourcing of core, information-related business activities. KPO involves contracting out work to individuals that typically have advanced degrees and expertise in a specialized area.
The information-related work can be carried out by workers in a different company or by a subsidiary of the same organization. The subsidiary may be in the same country or in an offshore location to save costs or other resources.
Key Takeaways
Knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) contracts out knowledge-based wok to qualified subject matter experts.Companies utilize KPO when they are looking for specialized knowledge and expertise and when they have a shortage of skilled professionals on staff.Ideally, companies look to KPO to simultaneously obtain a highly-skilled workforce at a lower cost.
Understanding Knowledge Process Outsourcing
Knowledge process outsourcing is the purposeful allocation of relatively high-level tasks involving specialized knowledge or problem-solving to an outside organization or third party that has a high level of subject matter expertise, often located in a different geographic region that the company itself.
KPO is different from business process outsourcing (BPO), which involves the outsourcing of labor and other operational work to a third party to save money. Although KPO is a subset of BPO, KPO involves far more specialized, analytical, and knowledge-based work.
Companies that engage in KPO look to obtain highly educated and skilled individuals without having the cost of training and developing those workers. Through KPO, a company can quickly add experts in specific fields to boost competitiveness and increase earnings.
Types of KPO Services
Some common example of KPO outsourcing domains include:
Financial consultantsResearch and development (R&D)Business operations (management consulting)Technical analysisInvestmentsLegalMedical & HealthcareData analysis and interpretation
Reasons for Knowledge Process Outsourcing
Companies utilize KPO when they are looking for specialized knowledge and expertise where that knowledge base or skills cannot be found in-house. However, companies that engage in KPO offshore also typically do so in order to reduce costs by hiring skilled workers earning lower wages in another location instead of hiring one directly as an employee. Ideally, companies look to KPO to simultaneously obtain a highly-skilled workforce at a lower cost.
For example, a manufacturer might use raw materials, add value to those materials through various processes, and then sell the result as a final product. The company might look to KPO to determine how to improve efficiency in its production process so that it can deliver maximum value for the lowest possible total cost. The result of KPO might also help the company create a competitive advantage.
Advantages and Disadvantages of KPO
KPO can help companies reduce operational or production costs by creating new processes or streamlining efficiency. KPO also fills the gap or need for skilled employees in a particular field. KPO also frees up existing staff, including management, to do other work boosting efficiency and productivity.
The flexibility that comes with KPO allows a company to increase or reduce staff easily. For example, if economic conditions worsen, a company can easily reduce its KPO staff to cut costs. Conversely, a company can quickly hire specialized staff to boost profits or revenue. KPO helps a company to be more nimble and adapt to the changes in its industry and competitive landscape.
However, disadvantages do exist with KPO. Privacy of intellectual property and business security can be compromised if classified or proprietary information is lost, copied, or brought to a competitor. Companies have less control over the hiring process of outsourced workers. As a result, a company might not be able to ensure the character of its outsourced employees or the quality of their work.
Implementing KPO can be time- and resource-intensive to establish a successful operation. Moreover, communication can be a concern and a challenge, due to legal, language, and cultural barriers. Another disadvantage might be that existing employees might feel threatened by the hiring of outsourced workers and feel their jobs are at risk.
Take the Next Step to Invest
Advertiser Disclosure
×
The offers that appear in this table are from partnerships from which Investopedia receives compensation.
Service
Name
Description
Related Terms
What You Should Know About Business Process Outsourcing
Business process outsourcing (BPO) is a method of subcontracting various business-related operations to third-party vendors.
more
Peer-to-Peer (P2P) Economy Definition
A peer-to-peer economy is a decentralized model whereby two parties interact to buy or sell directly with each other, without an intermediary third-party.
more
Self-Employment
A self-employed individual does not work for a specific employer who pays them a consistent salary or wage.
more
Explaining the Ratio of Revenue per Employee
Revenue per employee is an important ratio that looks at a company's revenue in relation to the number of employees it has.
more
How Frictional Unemployment Occurs in an Economy
Frictional unemployment is the result of employment transitions within an economy and naturally occurs, even in a growing, stable economy.
more
Backward Integration
Backward integration is a type of vertical integration that includes the purchase of, or merger with, suppliers.
more
Partner Links
Related Articles
Corporate Finance
Outsourcing vs. Subcontracting: What's the difference?
Macroeconomics
How Education and Training Affect the Economy
Sectors & Industries Analysis
4 Degrees Most Oil Companies Are Looking For
Career Advice
Best Entry-Level Finance Jobs for 2021
Career Advice
A Look at Entry-Level Careers in Finance
Salaries & Compensation
5 High-Paying Jobs in the Marijuana Industry
About Us
Terms of Use
Dictionary
Editorial Policy
Advertise
News
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
California Privacy Notice
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Investopedia is part of the Dotdash publishing family.