https://www.midwestmuseums.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Our Websites
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Association of Midwest Museums websites: midwestmuseums.org and ammconference.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by these websites. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Security and privacy information for AMM’s third party providers.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
General
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
The information is used to enhance the visitor’s experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You can also do the following at any time by contacting us via email or post:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
AMM Contact Information
Association of Midwest Museums
450 W. Ohio St.
Indianapolis, IN 46202
info(a)midwestmuseums.org
Third Party Providers
The Association of Midwest Museums (AMM) uses third party providers for credit card payments (membership fees, donations,  and event registrations).
The AMM membership database and website is powered by Wild Apricot.  To ensure security and privacy of your data, Wild Apricot provides traffic encryption (https) capability. Traffic encryption ensures that data entered into the online forms (e.g. membership application, event registration) as well as data transferred from Wild Apricot servers back to visitors is protected from snooping, for example if you access internet over an insecure WiFi connection. Member data is only used in the membership system and for no other purpose. Wild Apricot does not store any sensitive credit card data. Payments are all handled by a third party.  Click here to learn more about Wild Apricot’s Privacy Policy.
AMM uses Wufoo webforms for award nominations, session proposals, and event registrations. Wufoo is a service provided by SurveyMonkey. The web forms may ask for contact information for the purposes of communication with you, reagarding your form submission. Click here to learn more about the Wufoo Privacy Policy and read the main Survey Monkey Privacy Policy to understand what respondent data is collected and how it is used.
The Annual Conference registration form is powered by RegOnline, a CEvent platform. Payments are processed using a third party payment gateway. To learn more about RegOnline privacy policy, click here.