http://www.beamish.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Donate
Home
COVID-19 – FAQs for Visiting Beamish
Gift Shop
Father Christmas Video Calls
Plan your visit
Plan your visit
Group Visits
Accessibility
Places to Stay
Dogs
Explore & Discover
Explore & Discover
1820s Pockerley
1900s Town
1900s Pit Village
1900s Colliery
1940s Farm
Rowley Station
Open Stores
Beamish Tramway
Eating & Shopping
What’s New
Coming Soon
What’s On
What’s On
Shop
Latest News
Latest News
Blogs
Social Media
Press
About Us
Guiding Principles
History of Beamish
Remaking Beamish
Frank Atkinson
Sustainability at Beamish Museum
Driving Change
Environmental Policy Commitments
Gender Pay Gap Report
Support Us
Friends of Beamish
Business Friends of Beamish
Supporters
Learning
Learning
Plan your school visit
Learning Activities
Learning Resources
Hire Us
Hire Us
Get Involved
Vacancies
Volunteering
Beamish Youth Club
Beamish Young Volunteers
Beamagers
Work Placement
Community Involvement
Beamish WI
Health & Wellbeing
Health & Wellbeing
Orchard Cottage
Visiting with a Care Home?
Skills Workshops
Loans Boxes
Business Friends for Care Providers
Dementia Friends
Links with other Museums
Beamish Collection
Donating objects to Beamish Museum
People’s Collection
WW1 Trench Art
Contact Us
Contact Us
Online Enquiries
Buy Tickets
Newsletter signup
Accessibility Tools
Like us on Facebook
Beamish Museum
Beamish
County Durham
DH9 0RG
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Beamish Unlimited
This page sets out the details of Beamish Museum’s privacy notice in relation to information collected about you.
1.0 Who we are
Beamish Museum
Beamish
County Durham
DH9 0RG
We are registered charity and our registration number is 1122366
We are registered as a data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998, and our Data Protection Register number is Z574359X
2.0 What information do we collect about you?
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer as part of ticket bookings, online purchases, e-newsletter sign-ups and visitor surveys.
Personal information we collect may include:
Your name, title and gender
Postal address, email address and phone number
Family and spouse/partner details, relationships to other Unlimited Pass holders or Friends of Beamish members
Current interests and activities.
We will also collect and hold information about any contact you have with us as a visitor, customer or supporter of Beamish Museum, and may consist of details of:
Unlimited Pass or Friends of Beamish membership purchase and event registration/attendance
Online retail purchases
Contact preferences
Gift Aid status
Details of correspondence sent to you, or received from you
Employment information and professional activities
Any other information provided by yourself at the request of Beamish Museum.
When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data, by directing you towards this notice.
3.0 What we are collecting the data for, and what we do with your information
We are under a legal obligation to obtain and retain certain personal data in relation to claims for Gift Aid, should you have opted to Gift Aid your admission.
The Beamish Unlimited membership requires the museum to collect and store personal data to enable the member to re-visit the museum with their annual membership ticket.
The Friends of Beamish memberships also requires personal data to be collected and stored for members re-visiting the museum, receiving information, and fulfilling our membership agreement with you – such as being able to send you the Beamish Magazine, which is part of your benefits package.
Depending on your relationship with Beamish Museum, and the preferences you have indicated, data we hold may be used by us for the following purposes:
To send you promotional, marketing or fundraising information by post, telephone or electronic means. These types of communications can include:
Informing you of other products, services or events related to Beamish Museum, such as our seasonal events programme.
News and updates about Beamish, such as our e-newsletters and/or our Beamish Magazine.
Information on our fundraising operations, including occasional requests to ask you to consider supporting the museum and our future plans.
Other relevant communications based upon your relationship with Beamish Museum.
Tools may be used to monitor the effectiveness of our communications with you, including email tracking, which records when an e-newsletter from us is opened and/or how many links are clicked within the message. The data from this tracking is generally used in an aggregated and anonymised form.
You can opt out of any/all of our communications at any point simply by contacting dataprotection@beamish.org.uk.
There are some Beamish Unlimited and Friends of Beamish communications that we are required to send regardless of your contact preferences. These are essential communications, deemed necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations to you. This would include renewal reminders and querying returned mail.
Sometimes we will ask you to complete a survey or questionnaire about your experience at Beamish Museum, in order to help us monitor and improve, or because we are required to provide this information by our funding providers. We will only use your information for the purposes of the survey you have completed. If you have completed a visitor’s survey, the following information is collected as a minimum:
age;
postcode;
gender;
your opinions related to the survey questions.
Beamish Museum has legitimate interests to obtain feedback on your visit – this is necessary to enable us to improve the services we provide and to ensure that you have the best possible experience when you visit.
We retain your information for two years and process it on the basis of your consent. After this period, we will delete your information from our records. You can request to update or delete the personal data you have provided at any time by contacting – dataprotection@beamish.org.uk.
Your completed survey, including your personal information, may be shared with our funding providers.
NHS Test and Trace – when booking tickets, if you have provided us with the lead contact name and phone number for the purposes of NHS Test and Trace, in line with COVID-19 safety guidance, this information will be shared with NHS Test and Trace on request.
4.0 How long the data will be retained, and data cleansing
Type of data
Reason for holding data
Retention period
Data relating to museum visitors who hold Unlimited Passes
Legitimate interest
Beamish will retain personal data for administrative purposes for up to two years from the date of purchasing their membership.
Data relating to museum visitors who hold Unlimited Passes, and have agreed to Gift Aid their donation
Legal obligation
The museum has a legal obligation for Gift Aid purposes to retain donor details who have Gift Aided their donation for six years
Data relating to other customers and transactions. This relates to a range of online and in person transactions, including museum tickets, event tickets, and guidebooks.
Legitimate interest
Two years
Marketing data relating to individuals who have signed up to receive marketing information, eg. e-newsletter or direct mail, and to be kept informed of events/news. We are required by GDPR to contact all the individuals held in this database to ensure they ‘opt in’ to receiving news in future.
Consent
Once people have opted in we will continue to communicate with them unless they opt out.
Data relating to Friends of Beamish. This database is held by the Friends of the museum (a separately constituted charity), who have their own privacy policy and systems. Information is held on a database is held securely and in accordance with GDPR. The data is shared between the Friends and the museum – so we can for example send Friends a magazine and fulfil contractual agreements to the membership.
Legitimate interest
One year following the date of the expiry of the membership
Enquiries made to the museum
Legitimate interest
Two years
Complaints/compliments – data stored securely in the museum’s Visitor Feedback database.
Where the complaint comes in through social media, the Communications Team will delete personal contact details once the complaint/compliment has been passed on to the Director’s Office who manage Visitor Feedback.
Legitimate interest
Two years
Traditional Experiences
Legitimate interest
Two years
Group bookings
Legitimate interest
Two years
Education bookings
Legitimate interest
Any personal data related to the booking will be deleted following the provision of services.
Community participation project participants
Legitimate interest
Two years following the completion of the project.
Data relating to surveys
Legitimate interest
Two years following the completion of the project.
NHS Test and Trace contact data
Legitimate interest
21 days after visit for NHS Test and Trace purposes
5.0 Data storage and data cleansing
Membership information is collected and stored through our web based ticketing software, and  the membership data is stored on a cloud infrastructure that is fully GDPR compliant.
Membership data will be cleansed in according to our data retention policy.
All data is backed up and stored securely both in the cloud and on site, with data backups encrypted to endure data security for GDPR compliancy.
6.0 Who we might share your information with
Where Unlimited Pass holders have agreed to Gift Aid, we will need to share your data with the HMRC for Gift Aid compliance.
Data relating to Friends of Beamish memberships will be shared with the Friends of Beamish – to ensure you can re-visit the museum and we can send you any literature relating to your membership.
Other than this, we do not disclose personal data to any third parties or external organisations, other than data processors carrying out work on our behalf.
Examples of such data processors would be mailing houses for the sending of our Beamish Magazine and bulk email and direct mail distribution services.
Any such companies are acting as approved data processors for Beamish Museum, and we retain full responsibility for your personal data. Data processors will act only on our instructions.
We may occasionally need to transfer your personal information overseas, for instance to our bulk email distributor, MailChimp. Where this is necessary, this may be to countries or territories around the world.
We are required to ensure any transfers of data will be done securely, in accordance with best practice, and in compliance with GDPR.
Your data will never be sold or passed to any third party for any other purpose.
7.0 How we keep your information secure
We have implemented security procedures, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorised access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorised modification.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ and supporters’ personal data.
8.0 How can I access the information about me, and ensure information is correct?
You can ask us if we are keeping any personal data about you and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data – this is called a Subject Access Request.
Please try to be as clear as possible about the information you are seeking.
Once we have received your Subject Access Request, you will receive a response from us within a calendar month and you will be able to get copies of any information we hold on you. However, exemptions to disclosure may apply in some circumstances and in line with legislation.
Subject Access Requests should be sent to:
Data Protection
Beamish Museum
Beamish
County Durham
DH9 0RG
Email: dataprotection@beamish.org.uk
At any time you may request that we delete or correct your personal information. If you wish to correct any information on you held by Beamish Museum, simply contact dataprotection@beamish.org.uk
9.0 Changes to our privacy notice
We regularly review our privacy notice, and may make changes from time to time. Any changes made will be posted to this page, and will apply from the time we post them.
10.0 How to contact us
If you have any comments about our privacy notice, or information we hold about you please contact us:
By email to dataprotection@beamish.org.uk.
Or write to us at Beamish Museum, Beamish, County Durham, DH9 0RG.
Buy the guide book
Buy the magazine
Beamish collections
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy