http://www.klas.com/privacy-policy
HomeProducts / ServicesKLASOnline Public Access Catalogue (OPAC)?Current Customer OPACsScribe Duplication SystemSHELF ProjectSHELF Project FAQDedicated SupportImplementation ServicesHosting ServicesKLAS and You!Talking Book LibrariesInstructional Resource CentersAssociationsAccessibility About UsWho is Keystone?Services and BenefitsKeystone StaffEmployment OpportunitiesContact UsUsers' CommunityKLAS Users' GroupKLASusers.comJulie Klauber AwardJulie Klauber Award WinnersNews / Events
Privacy Policy
This Website
klas.com does not collect or share personal information for our use or to be with shared third parties. We are not responsible for content republished from this website without our permission.
Products
KLAS
KLAS does not share personal information with third parties except for the specific circumstances listed below. All information is securely stored and under each user's full control.Keystone staff may access your database and / or the information stored stored therein only in the following circumstances:
While providing support to a user (such as replicating an issue, investigating causes, or applying a fix)
While testing new development or bug fixes (any testing done would be on a copy of your database, not the production database)
Keystone may provide a third party access to your database or the information therein only in the following circumstances:
When necessary to make use of a third party service. This will always be performed while providing the least amount of information needed for the service and only with your express knowledge and consent. For example, to provide Address Validation we pass only the address, with no name or other personally identifiable information, to a reputable service for validation.
When explicitly requested by an organizations administrator to integrate with a third party system. The exact details of what is shared depends on the nature of the integration and would be made clear to the customer before implementation. Examples include integration with an accounting or membership system, or NLS' Gutenberg duplication hardware.
When explicitly requested by an organizations administrator to fulfil requirements of an overseeing body. Examples include exporting statistical and personal information to NLS and the PIMMS database, exporting data required for an auditor, etc.
When required to comply with a legal warrant. Only the data explicitly outlined in the warrant would be provided.
WebOPAC
KLAS WebOPAC sites do not collect or share personal information for our use or to be shared with third parties. We are not responsible for content republished from these websites without permission. Logged in users of the site can only access their own personal information.
WebOrder
KLAS WebOrder sites do not collect or share personal information for our use or to be shared with third parties, except as explicitly allowed by an organization in order to provide service to their clients. We are not responsible for content republished from these websites without permission. Only logged in users of the site can access personal information from your database. The records each user may access is controlled by the customer on a per account basis.
SHELF
Keystone does not does not collect or share personal information for our use or to be shared with third parties as part of operating and administering SHELF.
Scribe
Keystone does not does not collect or share personal information for our use or to be shared with third parties as part of operating and administering a Scribe System.
Keystone Systems, Inc.8016 Glenwood Ave., Suite 200Raleigh, NC 27612800-222-9711
Award Winners
2019 Julie Klauber Award Winner - Brenda Boyd
2018 Julie Klauber Award Winner - Nancy Reese
2017 Julie Klauber Award Winner - Heather Brown
News / Events
KLAS Users' Conference
ASAE TEC 2019
KLAS Administrator's Training