http://www.christian-wisdom.com/privacy.html
C-W HomeDaily Inspirational QuoteThe Bible Says...Christ's TeachingsChristian Dating
Privacy Policy Statement
For each visitor to Christian-Wisdom.com, our web server automatically recognizes the visitor's IP address and browser headers.
We collect only this information, but not the e-mail address or any other information about the visitor, to generate aggregate and user-specific reports on what pages visitors access. We may also collect nformation volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content and layout of Christian-Wisdom.com, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies primarily to record a visitor's first access to the site and to detect repeat visitors.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web pages. As a result of your visit to Christian-Wisdom.com, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. They may use cookies or web beacons for this purpose. The following information describes
Google's privacy disclosures:
Google and its advertising partners use cookies to serve ads based on a user's
prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to
GoToQuiz users based on their visit to this site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising
opt-out page.
Google may use third party ad networks to show advertising on GoToQuiz. You
can find a list of these
here.
Users may visit the web sites of these ad networks to opt out of cookies or other
means of tracking. Alternatively, users may opt out of multiple ad networks by
visiting the Network Advertising Initiative
opt-out page.
Additional Information: Google's DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads specific to you and your interests
("interest based targeting"). The ads displayed will be chosen based on your previous browsing history.
This does not rely on personally identifying information.
You can opt-out of this specific ad serving on all sites that use it by visiting
http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can view Google's privacy policy here:
http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
You can view Commission Junction's privacy policy here:
http://www.cj.com/privacy.jsp
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mail us at the address below.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at address below.
We can be reached via e-mail at four (underscore) degreez (at) yahoo.com