http://www.iche.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome › About us › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Google Plus One
Linkedin Share Button
Tweet Widget
Share on Facebook
Facebook Like
Pinterest
Protecting your privacy is important to ICHE. We therefore limit the information we collect while we do several things to keep that information confidential.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
Your credit card number is never saved or stored on our server when you place an order on ICHE.org.  Though this means you will need to enter your credit card number every time you place an order on the website, it also means there is no credit card information on our servers for anyone to attempt to steal.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review and update your personal contact information, simply log in to your account. And if you have any questions concerning this information please email us at info@iche.org.
WHEN WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
ICHE.org will not share your personal information with any third party with the exception of third parties assisting us in running and maintaining the website and in those instances the third party is not allowed to use or share said information. Should a situation arise that requires us by law to provide information to law enforcement we will comply with both state and federal law provided we believe the law enforcement request in no way violates your constitutional rights.
COLLECTING OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you browse the ICHE.org website, you are able to do so anonymously. We do not collect personal information when you browse. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using and, like most websites, we use "cookie" technology. When you first connect to our site, the cookie identifies your computer and browser with a unique, random number which the site, using cookies, uses to help us understand how you use the site and to enhance the user experience for you.   The cookies we use do not reveal any personal information about you to us or any third party.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ICHE.org safeguards the security of your personal data with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures:
We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption which protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information during transmission over the internet,
We do not store your credit card information in our database,
No one except you knows or has access to your account password,
Our servers are located in physically secure, state of the art server facilities.
ICHE.org contains links to other websites. We do not share your personal information with those sites but then we are not responsible for those sites’ privacy policy nor how effectively they protect any information you might provide them. We strongly encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of any of these websites before you give them any personal information.
OUR ORGANIZATION-WIDE COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information remains confidential, we communicate these privacy guidelines to all ICHE personnel who can access the back office of the website. Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time and we encourage you to review it regularly for any changes.
Welcome to ICHE.org
ICHE Philosophy of Christian Home Discipleship
Statement of Faith
Our Mission
How We Minister
The Board
Executive Director
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy