http://www.calperfs.berkeley.edu/buy/policies/#purchasing
Skip to content
Policies2020-07-16T19:04:29-07:00
PoliciesGeneralAll ticket sales are final. Artists, programs, dates and prices are subject to change without notice.
Discounts
Discounts must be requested at the time of purchase and may not be applied retroactively. ID required at the door of the performance for discounted tickets. One discount per ticket, no double discounts available. Single-ticket discounts other than the UCB Student discount do not apply to Special Events. For details on available discounts, please see our discounts page.
Late Seating
Latecomers will be asked to wait in the lobby until intermission or an appropriate interval in the program, as designated by the artists. Please see Parking Alerts for event specific information that may assist you in arriving to the theater on time.
Children
Most performances are not recommended for children under the age of seven; please check with the Ticket Office if you are unsure if a performance is appropriate for younger audience members. As a courtesy to others, parents or guardians may be asked to remove children creating a disturbance during the performance. Please note: All patrons, regardless of age, must have a ticket to enter the theater.
Accessibility
All venues are wheelchair accessible. When ordering tickets online, please choose designated wheelchair locations for reserved seating performances.
Persons who wish to request additional disability-related accommodations, including sign language interpreters, should contact the Ticket Office at 510.642.9988 at least two weeks in advance of the performance to ensure best possible arrangements. Patrons using a TTY, please contact us via California Relay Service by dialing 711 or 800.735.2929.
Will Call
Ticket orders received less than 8 days prior to the performance and all reprinted tickets will be held at Will Call, which opens one hour prior to curtain. Photo ID of original purchaser is required to pick up tickets at Will Call.
Alternate Will Call pick up names
For most performances, if you would like to have your tickets picked up at Will Call by another party, you may provide that party with a photocopy of your picture ID and a note authorizing said party to claim your tickets at Will Call. Please note that your guest will need to provide their photo ID as well. For some events (such as those with ticket limits or exclusive availability), alternate pick-up names may not be permitted; please check with the Ticket Office if you are unsure if your event qualifies. Please note that for the protection of our patrons, we can not accept alternate pick-up name requests by phone or email.
Lost or Misplaced tickets
Can’t find your reserved seat tickets? Call the Ticket Office at 510.642.9988 and we will have duplicate tickets waiting for you at Will Call. Reprints are free of charge for Producer’s Circle Donors and Subscribers. Single ticket reprints are $5 per order. Photo ID will be required for pick up; we do not mail reprinted tickets. General Admission tickets can not be reprinted. Lost, misplaced, or reprinted tickets can not be exchanged or donated.
Fees
Service fees: $14 per single ticket order; waived at the Zellerbach Hall Ticket Office window during regular business hours. $19 per subscription order. Service fees are non-refundable, even in the event of performance cancellation.
Please see Ticket Exchanges for exchange fee information.
Refunds
Due to the nature of the performing arts, all artists, programs, and prices are subject to change without notice. Refunds are given only in the case of event cancellation. Service fees not refundable.
Ticket ExchangesExchanges are permitted for Cal Performances regular season fine arts events only and are subject to availability and the following conditions. There are no exchanges for rental or co-sponsored events. Please consult the ticket office before purchasing tickets if you are not sure which type of event you are purchasing.
All ticket exchanges are limited to performance date changes within the current Cal Performances season and may not be exchanged for tickets to a performance in a future season. Exchanges within the same performance are available only when upgrading price sections or purchasing additional tickets; fees may apply. For the protection of our patrons, only the purchaser of record is eligible to exchange tickets. Please have your tickets in hand when calling the Ticket Office to make an exchange, as we require certain information printed on the ticket to complete the exchange and do not hold tickets for exchanges. Lost, stolen, reprinted, or otherwise misplaced tickets cannot be exchanged.
Subscription Ticket Exchanges:
2020/21 Subscribers will be contacted when exchanges can begin.
In Advance
Exchange requests must be received by the Ticket Office by the close of business the day prior to the performance from which you are exchanging in order to be considered Advance.
There is no exchange fee charged for advance (prior to the day of the performance) ticket exchanges by current Producer’s Circle Donors and Subscribers.
Please note: While there is no exchange fee for advanced subscription exchanges, price differences based on available seating or market pricing may apply. Subscribers who choose to exchange Series tickets receive the 10% Sub Add On discount only, regardless of the discount received at the time of purchase.
CYO Subscribers may choose another performance at the time of the return in order to keep their original CYO discount, or place the money on their account to be used for a future performance in the current season at the Sub Add On discount. Please note that funds places on account and not used during the current season are forfeited.
Day of Show
The fee for Day of Show exchanges is $5 per ticket for Subscribers, plus any difference in price between performances. The exchange request must be received by the Cal Performances Ticket Office no later than 3 hours prior to show time. After that time, ticket exchanges are not available, but you may donate your tickets back to Cal Performances up until curtain time. All patrons, including Subscribers, must choose another performance to exchange into at the time of the return for Day of Show exchanges.
Single Ticket Exchanges:
Single ticket exchanges are available on a ticket-for-ticket basis only. Single ticket buyers must choose a new performance at the time of exchange.
In Advance
There is a $5 per ticket fee for single ticket exchanges in advance (prior to the day of the performance), plus any difference in price between performances. Exchange requests must be received by the Ticket Office by the close of business the day prior to the performance from which you are exchanging in order to be considered Advance.
Day of Show
There is a $10 per ticket fee for Day of Show single ticket exchanges, plus any difference in price between performances.
The exchange request must be received by the Cal Performances Ticket Office no later than 3 hours prior to show time. After that time, ticket exchanges are not available, but you may donate your tickets back to Cal Performances up until curtain time.
Ticket DonationsTickets may be donated back to Cal Performances up until performance time. Ticket donations may be made over the telephone (510.642.9988) or in person during regular business hours. After regular business hours, ticket donations are accepted at the venue box office for that performance up until the performance begins. A receipt for your ticket donation will be mailed to you. Please note that receipts for donations made via telephone can not be issued until the tickets are received by the Ticket Office.
PrivacyCal Performances and Student Musical Activities (CPSMA) is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personally identifiable information is not shared without your permission.
Information collected
CPSMA’s web site may collect personal information such as name, address, email address, telephone number(s), and/or performing arts interests. Furnishing the specifically designated information requested on our web ticket purchase or donation forms, including name, full address, email address, and credit card payment information is necessary for online purchase and to process all tax-deductible donations. Full name and address are also collected for purposes of fulfilling brochure requests via online form.
In addition, email addresses and performing arts interests are necessary to process all Email Club membership requests. Because our database is large and we have numerous name duplications (i.e. John Williams), we collect mailing addresses as well to enable us to match the correct email address and requested information with the correct name file (John Williams) in our database. Anyone can choose to be removed from our Email Club mailing list at any time.
CPSMA servers typically collect, at least temporarily, the following information: Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used; web pages requested; referring web page; browser used; date and time. CPSMA may collect statistics identifying particular IP addresses from which our websites are accessed.
Use of collected information
CPSMA may use personal information such as name as mailing address collected from websites for the purpose of future communication back to online enrollees, in order to keep you informed of additional CPSMA activities or other related types of events, but only if you are provided the opportunity to opt out of that type of use.
CPSMA may use personal information such as email address for the purpose of future communication back to online enrollees regarding a current or prior online purchase. With the exception of the initial confirmation email regarding an online purchase, you are given the opportunity to opt-out of any further business email communications from CPSMA.
Cal Performances only sends Email Club marketing communications and offers only to those who specifically opt-in to the service and submit their emails to us for that purpose. Anyone can choose to be removed from our Email Club mailing list at any time. We will not sell to, trade or share email addresses with companies or other organizations without your expressed permission.
UC Berkeley may use browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history to report information about site accesses and for profiling purposes. This information is generally used to improve Web presentation and utilization. The campus also may use IP address information for troubleshooting purposes.
CPSMA sites may use “cookies” in order to deliver web content specific to individual users’ interests or to keep track of online purchasing transactions. Sensitive personal information is not stored within cookies.
Access to your own information
Questions regarding users’ rights to review, modify or delete their previously provided personal information should be directed to CPSMA via email at www@calperformances.org, US mail at 101 Zellerbach Hall, University of CA, Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720-4800, or via phone at 510.642.0212. Any disputes will be resolved under existing records regulations applicable to UC Berkeley.
Additional Information
For more detailed information about requirements for campus online activities see the e-Berkeley Policy section on Privacy and Confidentiality of Information.
Responsibility for websites linked to
While using a UC Berkeley website, you may encounter hypertext links to the pages of organizations not directly affiliated with UC Berkeley. UC Berkeley does not control the content or information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations.
PurchasingArtists, programs, and prices are subject to change without notice. All ticket sales are final. Every person, regardless of age, must have a ticket to enter the venue.
Discounts
Valid ID is required at the door of the performance for all discounted tickets. All discounts must be requested at the time of purchase. Discounts may not be applied retroactively; if you are expecting a discount to be available on the website but cannot locate it, please contact the Ticket Office before purchasing your tickets. Group discounts are not available online; please contact the Ticket Office directly.
Currency and Payment Methods
All ticket prices and fees are stated in U.S. Dollars. Cal Performances accepts the following methods of payment for internet orders: American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover. All of the above as well as cash and personal checks* are accepted at the Ticket Office window**. The Cal1Card is accepted at the Zellerbach Hall Ticket Office window only. *Checks are not accepted later than 10 days prior to the performance being purchased. Valid ID is required with checks; we do not accept third party checks.
Order Confirmation for online sales
If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm with the Cal Performances Ticket Office whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. Cal Performances will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation. Tickets purchased “accidentally” or otherwise in error are non-refundable.
Processing Fees
Tickets purchased via Cal Performances website for Cal Performances’ events are subject to per order Service Fee. Tickets purchased via the Ticket Office@Zellerbach Hall website may be subject to a per order service fee and a per ticket service fee, depending on the event. Service Fees help to cover the cost of providing internet ticketing services and are non-refundable.
Amount of Tickets Per Customer or “Ticket Limits”
When purchasing tickets for some events, you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each performance (also known as a “ticket limit”). If there is a ticket limit, it will be mentioned on the event page and is verified with every transaction. Please adhere to published ticket limits. Orders or additional orders that exceed the total ticket limit for the event will be cancelled without notice. This policy is in effect to discourage unfair ticket buying practices.
Changed, Cancelled and Postponed Events
Artists and programs are subject to change without notice. Refunds are issued only in the case of event cancellation or postponement. Handling fees are not refundable. The handling fees are not refunded in order to cover the expenses already incurred by Cal Performances in processing your original order. In the event of a performance cancellation or postponement, Cal Performances Ticket Office will make every effort to notify you in advance. Cal Performances will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if we are unable to contact you in the event of performance cancellation or postponement.
Refunds, Exchanges, and Ticket Donations
Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat selection. All ticket sales are final. No refunds or returns are permitted. Tickets for Cal Performances’ events may be exchanged (fees may apply) or donated back to the organization based on the ticket Exchange and Donation policies which are hereby incorporated into this agreement. Tickets sold through the Ticket Office@Zellerbach Hall site cannot be exchanged or donated. Tickets which have been lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed cannot be exchanged or donated.
Billing Information Verification
Orders are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order that can delay processing and delivery. In these cases, Cal Performances Ticket Office will attempt to contact you, using the information provided at the time of purchase. If Cal Performances is unable to reach you after its initial attempt, Cal Performances may cancel your order and may sell your tickets to another customer.
Delivery Methods
Tickets may be sent via US Mail to a shipping address specified by you at the time of purchase, or held at the ticket office for Will Call pick up. Tickets held at Will Call require a photo ID to pick up and may be picked up by the purchaser only with said ID. All tickets ordered within 8 days of a performance will be held at Will Call. Please note that if you order multiple performances and any one of them is within 8 days of your purchase date, all tickets will be held for Will Call pick-up at your first performance.
Cal Performances is not responsible for tickets lost in the mail. If you do not receive your tickets before the performance, it is your responsibility to contact the Ticket Office to have replacement tickets waiting for you at Will Call. Please note that general admission tickets are not replaceable under any circumstances, and that replacement tickets cannot be mailed out or exchanged. Cal Performances will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed or forget your performance date because you failed to receive your tickets in the mail.
Pricing Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect, regardless of whether because of an error in a price posted on the web site or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or pre-sale date, or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, Cal Performances has the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error or a transactional malfunction of the web site or other Cal Performances operated system.
Resale of tickets
Ticket(s) purchased through the Cal Performances or Ticket Office@Zellerbach Hall website may not be resold at above face value without the express written consent of Cal Performances.
Purchase of tickets from Unauthorized Sources
Cal Performances assumes no liability for tickets purchased through unauthorized channels, including Craig’s List, E-Bay, StubHub, and other secondary market or ticket broker services. We strongly advise against purchasing tickets from any source other than the Cal Performances Ticket Office or websites, or an authorized third-party seller such as Goldstar Events or Tix Bay Area. Tickets purchased from unauthorized sources may be stolen, counterfeit, or otherwise compromised, and if so are not valid for event admission. If you are unsure if a ticket seller has been authorized to sell Cal Performances tickets, please contact the Ticket Office prior to purchasing from that source.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
Cal Performances cancels spring 2021 performances. We will be announcing a spring Cal Performances at Home digital series in January.
More Information >
×