http://www.flsouthern.edu/policies/heoa-disclosures.aspx
Skip to main content
HEOA Compliance and
Related Disclosures
HEOA Disclosures
Web Accessibility Policy
Website Privacy Policy
FSC Home > About > Policies > HEOA Disclosures
Consumer Information
(HEOA Disclosures)
for Prospective and Current Florida Southern Students
To help prospective and current students locate important information about Florida Southern, this Web page collects links to helpful information on a variety of subjects, including academic programs, cost of attendance, financial aid, and post-graduate activities of the College’s alumni in compliance with the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008.
General Information
Additional information about Florida Southern can be found on our website under About FSC.
Institutional / Program Accreditation
Florida Southern College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral degrees.
More Info about our accreditation
Mission Statement
The mission of Florida Southern College is to prepare students through dynamic engaged learning to make a positive and consequential impact on society. The mission also includes preserving the world-renowned Frank Lloyd Wright campus and visitor program.
More Info about our mission statement
Information on Academic Programs
Details about the academic programs offered at Florida Southern, academic performance requirements, transfer credit policies, and information about faculty and staff can be found in the Academic Catalog and also at the following links:
Undergraduate (Day) Programs
Study Abroad
Adult Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Doctoral Programs
The federal Higher Education Act, the federal Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA), and regulatory guidance provided in the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) require direct individual notices of prescribed information to certain target audiences including prospective students; currently enrolled students; current employees; parents, coaches and counselors of prospective student athletes; and the general public. Disclosures are to include crime/security statistics, student completion/graduation rates, FERPA privacy/security rights, financial aid program information, and gender-specific information on athletic participation and financial support.
Costs and Financial Aid
Tuition and Fees
For information about annual charges based on full-time (12-18 credit hours) tuition, room charges, meal plans, and other fees, see Cost of Attendance.
Florida Southern College is the largest source of financial aid for its students. Ninety percent of FSC’s students receive some form of grant or scholarship aid from the College. In addition to grants based upon financial need, leadership and community service, and church-related awards, Florida Southern provides academic scholarships to first-year and transfer students.
Contact our Financial Aid Office at 800.205.1600 for information about applying for financial aid.
Federal Direct Loans
State of Florida Programs
Code of Conduct for Educational Loans
Notice of Federal Student Financial Aid Penalties for Drug Law Violations
Study Abroad and Financial Aid
For students interested in studying overseas, please contact the Office of Student Travel at 863.616.6411.
For tuition refund policy, requirements for withdrawal, and return of Title IV, see the Academic Catalog.
For federal loan amounts and other financial aid statistics, visit College Navigator.
Student Development
Cornerstone Code of Conduct
The College’s culture and foundation recognizes that higher education encompasses more than academic activities in the classroom. Because our goal is to produce good citizens who will make a lasting impact on their communities, we live together in a community of scholars who hold one another accountable to the high ideals, vision, and mission of the College.
Student Handbook
Student Activities
Florida Southern students are actively engaged in more than 100 clubs and organizations, including special interest clubs, Student Government Association, and sororities and fraternities.
More Info
about student activities
Students with Disabilities
Students with disabilities requesting accommodations should contact Student Disability Services at 863.680.4196.
For information about the diversity of Florida Southern’s student body, visit College Navigator.
Health and Safety Information
Drugs and Alcohol Policies
Florida Southern College is committed to promoting the health and safety of its campus community and abides by the Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act of 1990. The use, possession, purchase, and/or sale of illegal drugs and any form of alcohol on campus are prohibited. The College does not condone the abuse of prescription drugs.
For information about the health risks and consequences associated with alcohol and drugs, see the Student Handbook, Appendix A, and B. Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Programs are sponsored by the Office of Accountability, Education and Compliance.
Vaccination Policies
Florida Southern College requires first-year students provide proof of immunization prior to admission in August for the following:
MMR X 2 (Measles, Mumps, Rubella)
Meningitis
Hepatitis B x 3
For waivers and other health-related forms, visit the Student Health Center.
Timely Warnings and Emergency Notifications:
Florida Southern has established procedures for making timely warning reports to the College community of incidents that pose a potential threat. In the event of an emergency, Campus Safety and Security will send out a message over the Public Address System, send a campus wide e-mail, and issue a text message alert to all members of the campus community who have signed up for one.
All students and employees who provide the college with their cell phone number will be automatically enrolled in the text messaging alert service. The College does not recommend it, however, any person wishing to opt out of this service may do so by following the opt-out instructions received in any text received through Omnilert.
In addition, the College will post a notice to the Emergency Hot Line (863.680.4101) and the College’s home page.
For more about safety procedures at Florida Southern, see Campus Safety and Security.
Crime and Safety Information (Clery Act)
Details campus crime statistics as mandated by federal regulation.
Download the Annual Safety Report (ASR) and Crime Statistics
Sexual Respect and Title IX
Learning About and Preventing Sexual Discrimination: “Just Ask” Is Florida Southern College’s Title IX program that emphasizes student education and the prevention of sexual violence. Learn more about Florida Southern College’s Title IX Resources and its officers.
Student “Just Ask” Title IX Resource
If you are a student and believe you have experienced sexual discrimination (including sexual harassment, sexual misconduct, or sexual violence) or know of someone who has, if you or that person is in an unsafe situation please get safe first and call for emergency assistance at 911 (9-911 from an on-campus phone). Once you are safe, if you wish to talk to someone immediately, please call Campus Safety and Security’s 24-hour phone number (863.680.4125) and they will connect you with your needed resource.
If you wish to report some form of sexual discrimination under non-emergency conditions, please email FSC’s Student Support Title IX Intake Team’s Assistant Dean of Student Development for Accountability, Education, and Compliance, Amanda Blount, at fscjustask@flsouthern.edu or the Assistant Director of Accountability, Education, and Compliance, Maggie Merryday at fscjustask@flsouthern.edu.
Amanda Blount can be reached Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, in her office on the second floor of the Rogers Building; and can be reached by phone at 863.680.6221.
Maggie Merryday can be reached Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, in her office on the second floor of the Rogers Building; and can be reached by phone at 863.680.6216.
Employee Sexual Discrimination Title IX Resource
If you are an employee and believe you have experienced sexual discrimination (including sexual harassment, sexual misconduct, or sexual violence) or know of someone who has, if you or that person is in an unsafe situation please get safe first and call for emergency assistance at 911 (9-911 from an on-campus phone). Once you are safe, if you wish to talk to someone immediately, please call Campus Safety and Security’s 24-hour phone number (863.688.0103) and they will connect you with your needed resource.
If you wish to report some form of sexual discrimination under non-emergency conditions, please email FSC’s Officer of Title IX Compliance, Katherine Pawlak, at kpawlak@flsouthern.edu.
Katherine Pawlak can be reached Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, in her office on the main floor of the Raulerson Building (next to the water dome) and can be reached by phone at 863.680.3964.
Student Outcomes
These are some links to the many departments and services Florida Southern provides to help graduates transition into the workplace.
Career Center
Guaranteed Internships
Volunteer Opportunities
Student Solutions Center
Office of Alumni Relations
For information related to retention, graduation, and placement rates, see Institutional Information.
Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data
The Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act requires co-educational institutions of post-secondary education that participate in a Title IV, federal student financial assistance program, and have an intercollegiate athletic program, to prepare an annual report to the Department of Education on athletic participation, staffing, and revenues and expenses, by men’s and women’s teams. For information about Florida Southern Athletics, visit FSCMocs.com.
Policies
Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policies including Title IX
It is the policy of the College that no member of the College community shall be subjected to any form of unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation by any other member of this institution. For the purpose of this policy, harassment is defined as sexual harassment or harassment due to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, age, national origin, mental or physical disability, marital status, medical condition, veteran status, citizenship or sexual orientation. Select the following links to learn more about Florida Southern College’s Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy and Title IX Sexual Misconduct and Sexual Harassment Policy, and how to contact Title IX Officers. The College also has the “Just Ask” program, which emphasizes student education and the prevention of sexual violence.
Voter Registration
For registration forms and information on how to register, visit the Florida Division of Elections.
Student Complaint and Appeal Procedures
Florida Southern holds that student grievances are best handled by the professional staff within the specific area associated with the complaint rather than centralized in a single office or individual. Therefore, complaints and appeals are addressed by various offices depending on the nature of the grievance. A directory of names or offices to whom complaints should be directed is available in our Section 504 Grievance Procedure document.
Read More about our student complaint procedures
Copyright Infringement Policies
All forms of dishonesty, including cheating, plagiarism, false statements, forgery, theft, and willfully taking advantage of another person, are prohibited and will result in student accountability action. See Honor Code in the Academic Catalog.
Networking Policy
See Information Services for our networking policy, lab rules, and general information regarding the FSC network.
FERPA Policy
Privacy Rights of Students in Education Records (FERPA) are described here and the FERPA waiver status can be changed by completing this form and delivering it to the main desk on the first floor of the Rogers Building. If desired, a student may complete a form to withhold the disclosure of their Directory Information and deliver it to the Rogers main desk. Finally, FERPA grievance procedures are also available. For additional information, please contact the college’s FERPA Compliance Officer, Dr. Marcie Pospichal, Rogers Bldg. room 120, email: mpospichal@flsouthern.edu, tel: 863.680.4197; fax: 863.680.4195. For the complete federal policy, please refer to U.S. Department of Education.
Florida Southern College Contacts
Accountability, Education, and Compliance Officers
The Office of the Dean of Student Development has a designated Accountability, Education, and Compliance Officer who manages investigations of discrimination and/or harassment complaints against a student, a visitor of a student, or a third party acting against a student.
Amanda Blount
Assistant Dean of Student Development for Accountability, Education, and Compliance
863.680.6221
Schedule an Appointment
Maggie Merryday
Assistant Director of Student Development for Accountability, Education, and Compliance
863.680.6216
Schedule an Appointment
Find us in the Rogers Building (R)
Multicultural Coordinator
Lauren Outler
Multicultural Coordinator
863.680.3950
e-mail lauren outler
Director of Human Resources and Title IX Officer
Reports of discrimination or harassment involving an employee or other individual can be filed with the Director of Human Resources.
Katherine Pawlak, MBA/HRM, PHR
Assistant Vice President of Operations,
Director of Human Resources, and
Title IX Officer
863.680.3964
After-Hours/Holiday Title IX Contact
Title IX complaints that need to be submitted after business hours or during holidays should be directed to Florida Southern’s Office of Safety and Security Office, 863.680.4305.
For more information about Florida Southern College’s Policy on Sexual Misconduct and Sexual Harassment, including a complete description of prohibited discriminatory acts, grievance and accountability procedures. For additional resources, please review our policies at the bottom of the page.
NCAA Compliance Officer
If a violation of NCAA Title IX compliance is suspected, please contact:
Jill Stephens
Assistant Athletic Director and Senior Women Administrator
863.680.4474
ADA and FERPA Compliance Officer
Inquiries involving persons with disabilities, or inquiries concerning the handling of student education records or other confidential information, please contact:
Dr. Marcie Pospichal
Associate Vice President for Student Support
863.680.4197
Additional Policies and Information
Related Information
Policy on Non-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment  Policy on Sexual Misconduct and Sexual Harassment  Problem Resolution and Complaint Procedures for Faculty, Staff, and Students  Drug Free Schools and Communities Act Policy  Biennial Review of Compliance with the Drug Free Schools and Campuses Regulations File a Report of Discrimination File an Anonymous Report of Discrimination Equal Employment Opportunity  Family and Medical Leave Employee Rights  Employee Polygraph Protection Act
Other Policies
Compliance and Related Disclosures Just Ask
Department of Campus Safety and Security
Campus Safety  Annual Safety Report (ASR) and Crime Statistics  Emergency Action Plan
Search FSC:
About
Under­graduate
Adult & Graduate
Campus Life
Arts & Centers
Athletics
Request Info
Visit
Apply
Give
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Parents & Family
Library & Archives
Alumni & Giving