https://www.jmi.org.uk/refund-policy/
[“We” in these terms and conditions refers to the Jewish Music Institute. “Tickets” also refers to Admission Confirmation Emails which are the more common documents for admission.]After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a ticket. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending an Admission Confirmation Email.Content is correct at time of going to print but may be subject to change. Once purchased, tickets cannot be transferred, exchanged, refunded or returned unless the event is cancelled, moved to another date, or if details of the event are significantly changed after an order is placed (significant changes being a change of venue or event date or time).In the event of the cancellation of an event, we will only refund the face value of the ticket. We will use best endeavours to contact purchasers either by phone, email or in writing (using the details provided at the time of ordering) and advise them of the cancellation. Please note, however, it is the customer’s responsibility to check whether the event is going ahead at the scheduled date, time and venue, and we cannot guarantee that we will inform the customer of any changes to the event date, time or venue.If an event is moved from its advertised venue and / or the date is changed, tickets already purchased may remain valid should the customer wish to attend the revised event. If not, we will refund the face value of the tickets. We will notify all purchasers by phone, email or in writing (using the details provided at the time of ordering) to advise on the validity of the tickets and the procedure for obtaining a refund. Refund requests will usually be accepted up until 1 week prior to the revised event, or 3 days after notification of the change (whichever is the later) unless otherwise notified. In the event of a change at short notice (within 1 week of the event) we will notify purchasers of the conditions that apply, and offer a refund if these are not agreeable. Please note, however, it is the customer’s responsibility to check whether the event is going ahead at the scheduled date, time and venue, and we cannot guarantee that we will inform the customer of any changes to the event date, time or venue.If we are unable to fulfil an order for any of the reasons below the customer will be entitled to a full refund, including any booking fee charged:we despatch your order to the wrong address or email address as appropriate and cannot provide replacement tickets;we do not despatch your order and do not arrange for the tickets to be available for collection or for admission on the door;we despatch the wrong order, ie wrong event / wrong type of tickets;any other similar circumstances where we have acted with negligence or where we may have acted in breach of contract. Customers are advised to check their purchase upon receipt.It is the responsibility of the customer to inform us of any change of address, contact phone number or email address, both before and after receipt of the goods. Please note that our preferred method of contact for customers booking online is by email, so care should be taken to provide a current, valid email address.The right to admission to an event is reserved by the promoter and event venue, who may take health and safety, environmental and security concerns into account at their reasonable discretion, and may from time to time carry out security searches. we would advise customers that no refunds will be offered to customers who are refused entry or ejected from a venue on account of late arrival, being (or appearing to be) under age, declining to be searched, abusive, threatening, drunken or other antisocial behaviour (including smoking in no smoking areas), carrying offensive weapons or illegal substances, or making unauthorised audio, video or photographic recordings.Events and ticket types where an age restriction applies are clearly indicated during the booking process. Please ensure that you read all the information that applies to the event/ticket you are booking, and carry proof of age if appropriate.By ordering you agree that the tickets are for the personal use of you and your party only, and will not be resold or transferred. Any resale or attempt to resell the tickets at a price higher than purchased will result in your orders being cancelled without prior notification.In order to prevent fraud and to protect both parties, you may be asked to provide additional information after your booking so that we can verify your purchase.Correspondence should be addressed to Jewish Music Institute, Room 536 The School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London Thornhaugh Street, Russell Square, London WC1H 0XG. Alternatively call 020 7898 4307 or email jewishmusic@jmi.org.ukFuturePay Agreements, cancellation rights:A FuturePay agreement can be cancelled at any time by a JMI customer. You can cancel a FuturePay agreement by phoning the us on +44(0)20 7898 4307, by email to jewishmusic@jmi.org.uk or in writing to Jewish Music Institute, Room 536 The School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London Thornhaugh Street, Russell Square, London WC1H 0XG. JMI withhold the right to immediately suspend all supplied services should this event occur while any dispute is resolved.The frequency of payments will be determined between you and JMI at the time of set up and the length of payment agreement will be ongoing unless otherwise agreed at the time of set up between you and JMI.
TwitterWatch Malcolm Singer’s #Chanukah lecture on #leonardbernstein The Jewish Works | Here: https://t.co/VRB55pwdQ7@magda_biran @SOAS @NLebrecht Always welcome to join usRT @SOAS: Be sure to join SOAS-based @jewishmusicUK tonight for these two special events! https://t.co/IJTp9nZJFZ
Events
JMI Online: Festival des Andalousies Atlantique 2020 13/12/2020																									 - 16/12/2020
Info & tickets
JMI World Tour: A Celebration Of Jewish Music 11/02/2021
Info & tickets
Mailing List Email address (required)
First Name
Last Name
I consent to receive emails from jmi.org.ukBy submitting this form, you acknowledge you have read and agree to our mailing list terms Subscribe Your browser is out of date!Our website makes use of current web technologies. We recommend updating your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now »×