http://www.nms.ac.uk/website-terms-of-use/
Website terms of use
You are here
Home
> Website terms of use
Share
This page contains information about external links, accessibility and copyright.
External links
Pages on the National Museums Scotland website include links to relevant content within nms.ac.uk and also to external sites.
External links are selected and reviewed when the page is published. However, National Museums Scotland is not responsible for the content, accessibility or privacy policies of external websites. The inclusion of a link to an external website from our website is not an endorsement of that website or the site's owners (or their products/services).
Accessibility
This section explains the features that have been incorporated into this site to provide a level of accessibility for all users.
Text size
If you find that the text is too small for you to read, you can change it to a size you’re more comfortable with:
In Internet Explorer, use the Zoom option in the Settings menu.
In Firefox, press the Alt key to temporarily bring up the traditional Firefox menus. On the menu at the top, click View, then go to Zoom.
In Chrome, use the Zoom option in the Settings menu.
In Safari, use the View > Make Text Bigger option.
In Opera, use the Zoom selector.
If you use a wheel-mouse, you may be able to change the text size by holding down the Control or Command key and turning the wheel. In some browsers you can change the text size using Control or Command and the + and - keys. In certain browsers, these functions may ‘zoom’ the entire site rather than just the text.
Images on nms.ac.uk
All images on this site contain descriptive alt text.
Accessibility rating
www.nms.ac.uk has an ‘AA’ WAI rating with passes for many ‘AAA’ criteria.
PDFs
For information on PDF files and accessibility visit access.adobe.com.
Browsers
Below you will find links to various browsers to help you tailor your current browser to your needs, access alternative browsers or download add-ons:
Internet ExplorerInformation on how to change browser settings in Microsoft's IE browsers.
Microsoft EdgeInformation on how to change browser settings in Edge.
MozillaInformation on how to change browser settings in Mozilla browsers, including Firefox.
Google Chrome and AndroidInformation about accessibility covering a range of Google products, including Android phones.
AppleInformation about accessibility options on Apple products, including Safari and iPhone.
BlackberryInformation on accessibility settings on Blackberry phones.
OperaInformation provided by Opera on how to change browser settings.
Amazon SilkAccessibility information for Amazon's Silk browser.
JAWS screen readerDownload a free trial copy of the screen reader Jaws.
MAGic screen magnificationInformation on screen magnification software.
Copyright notice
The National Museums of Scotland is committed to protecting copyright and related rights wherever possible.
All images and other content on nms.ac.uk are copyright National Museums Scotland, unless otherwise stated. Where images and other content have copyright belonging to other individuals or organisations, this is clearly stated on our website.
You may freely access and store most of the Websites’ contents on a temporary basis for the purposes of personal or private viewing, interaction or listening.
For all other uses, please contact the National Museums Scotland Image Library.
Takedown policy
National Museums Scotland has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that images and other content on the website are reproduced with consent of their copyright holders.
Please contact us at webmaster@nms.ac.uk if you are the owner of the copyright or related rights in any of the content on the Museum’s website, or in a publication or broadcast to which the Museum has provided content from its collections,
and you believe that the content may be subject to a third party ownership or another legal claim,
or you believe that use of this content infringes your intellectual property or any other rights.
The Museum will take down the content from its website upon receipt of your written objection and our initial verification of your complaint, while the matter is investigated.
You need to include the following information in your written objection:
Your name, email address and phone number
The website address where you found the work
The nature of the complaint
A statement that you are the copyright holder or are authorised to act on behalf of the rights holder. You may be asked to provide proof of this ownership that would stand up in a court of law
Your objection will be acknowledged within seven working days of receipt. The information you provide in your written objection will be used only in connection with this enquiry.
Find out more
Privacy notice
Use of cookies
Freedom of Information
Back to top