https://www.codart.nl/about-codart/faq/about-this-website/privacy-statement/
CODART, Dutch and Flemish art in museums worldwide
Willem van Haecht (1593-1637), Apelles paints Campaspe, ca. 1630
Mauritshuis, The Hague
HomeAbout CODARTQuestions about CODARTAbout this websitePrivacy Statement
Scroll to navigation
CODART considers it of great importance for the data of its members and of visitors to the CODART website to be handled with due care. The CODART website has therefore been designed with a view to protecting your privacy.
In signing up to CODART’s Notification Service, you grant CODART permission to send you e-mails on a regular basis. Depending on your personal settings, the CODART Notification Service may send you a monthly, weekly or daily e-mail about news and/or events published on the CODART website. In addition, users of the Notification Service can opt to receive a monthly notification when a new CODARTfeature appears. If you no longer wish to receive any e-mails from the Notification Service, you can use the link Personalize your subscription to the free CODART notification service, which is included in each e-mail, to unsubscribe from our services.
All e-mails from the Notification Service are handled by MailChimp. By signing up to CODART’s Notification Service, you grant CODART permission to send MailChimp the personal data that you have provided on the CODART website, including your name, e-mail address, and gender. CODART and MailChimp store these data as long as is necessary for providing you with the e-mails related to the Notification Service.
In applying for membership of CODART on this website, you grant CODART permission to regularly inform you about activities and events organized by CODART or its affiliated partners. If you no longer wish to receive any information from CODART, you can cancel this service at any time by sending an e-mail to webmaster@codart.nl or by unsubscribing.
CODART uses MailChimp to handle all group e-mail. In applying for membership of CODART on this website, you grant CODART permission to send MailChimp the personal data that you have provided on the CODART website, including your name, e-mail address, and gender. CODART and MailChimp store these data as long as is necessary for providing you with the e-mail service related to the membership of CODART.
In applying for membership of CODART you agree to the inclusion of your professional contact details on our website for the duration of your membership. If you wish to exclude specific details from our website, you can send an e-mail to webmaster@codart.nl.
In registering for a CODART congress, you agree to the inclusion of your professional contact details in our congress documentation, both in the congress folder and permanently on our website.
CODART only collects names, addresses, telephone numbers, and other personal data that are provided voluntarily by visitors to the CODART website who have applied for membership of CODART.
CODART will not supply your personal, non-public data to third parties without obtaining your prior express consent.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
On behalf of CODART, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to CODART. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
CODART values the privacy of its members and online visitors. We have therefore done our utmost to comply with the 2016 General Data Protection Regulation (Algemene verordening gegevensbescherming).
About this website
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Leave feedback
|
Share this on
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus