http://www.uthct.edu/legal-and-compliance
Skip to main content
Compliance
Home
Departments
Legal and Compliance
Quick Links
Overview
Officer and Committees
Billing Compliance
Overview
Officer and Committees
Billing Compliance
Legal and Compliance
Conflicts of Interest
This policy defines the process by which conflicts of interest, conflicts of commitment and outside activities are disclosed, approved and documented.
Conflicts of Interest and Conflicts of Commitment
Institutional Conflicts of Interest
Outside Activity: Executive Officers and Employees Involved in Procurement Activities or Contract Management
Outside Activity: All Employees, Excluding Executive Officers and Employees Involved in Procurement Activities or Contract Management
Conflicts of Interest in Research
This policy defines the process for disclosures of individual significant financial interests and the management and reporting of individual financial conflicts of interest in research performed at UT Health Science Center.
Disclosure of Significant Financial Interests in Research
Research conflicts of interest (2018)
Research conflicts of interest (2017)
Research conflicts of interest (2016)
Contract Management
Contracts Management Handbook
The Contract Management Handbook serves as a guideline for recommendations on documenting contracting management processes and practices in connection with the procurement of goods/services and for UTHSCT to communicate expectations to it employees and others for contract management process and practices in connection with the procurement of goods/services.
Contract Tranparency Reports
FY 2019
FY 2018
FY 2017
FY 2016
FY 2015
Compliance
The mission of the Office of Compliance is to promote ethical conduct and compliance awareness throughout the health care, academic, and research operations within The University of Texas Health Science Center at Tyler (also referred to as UT Health Science Center). Learn about the compliance program.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy Practices (English)
Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
Fraud, Waste & Abuse
UT Health Science Center has established a compliance hotline for employees to report all suspected violations or questionable conduct. The hotline telephone numbers are 833-442-5111 (English) and 800-216-1288 (Spanish). Reports can also be made online.
Calls are answered 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. You may also report suspected fraud, waste, and abuse to the State Auditor’s Office Hotline at 1-800-TX-AUDIT (1-800-892-8348). Get additional information from the State Auditor’s Office.
Title VI: Non-Discrimination
Notice to the Public of Rights under Title VI
UT Health Science Center Title VI Program with revisions incorporated 8/28/2019
Title VI Complaint Form, English
Title VI Complaint Form, Spanish
Public Information Requests
To request public information or responsive documents from UT Health Science Center, you may send your written request by mail, email, fax, or hand delivery as follows:
By Mail:
The University of Texas Health Science Center at Tyler
Carl Baranowski
Public Information Officer
11937 US Highway 271
Tyler, Texas 75708-3154
By E-mail:
pubinfo@uthct.edu
By Fax:
903-877-7759
By Hand Delivery:
11937 U.S. Highway 271 – Room H338
Tyler, Texas 75708-3154
More information on public information requests can be found in the State of Texas Public Information Handbook.
Public Information Requests Online:
Access the UT System open records requests
Title IX: Sexual Harassment/Misconduct
UT Health Science Center does not tolerate sexual discrimination, and we are committed to maintaining a learning and working environment that is free from discrimination based on sex. Title IX is a federal law that helps protect the students and employees across our campus. Learn more about Title IX and how to report an incident.
Title IX: Sexual Harassment/Misconduct; Title IX
Non-Discrimination Notice – Health Programs and Activities Language Assistance Services
Non-Discrimination Notice – Health Programs and Activities (English)
Language Assistance Services
Language Assistance Services for Individuals with Limited English Proficiency
Quick Links
Overview
Officer and Committees
Billing Compliance
Overview
Officer and Committees
Billing Compliance