http://www.huntermuseum.org/huntermuseum/privacy-policy
7.0.33-0+deb9u10
Privacy Policy
The Hunter Museum of American Art (HMAA) is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. HMAA does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless the individual visiting the HMAA website knowingly provides it. By using the HMAA website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of HMAA’s Privacy Policy. The HMAA Privacy Policy is outlined below.
HMAA policy on the use and disclosure of the information it collects on the HMAA Website
HMAA uses the personal information you provide to us for internal purposes, such as completing and tracking your transaction, analyzing trends and collecting statistics. HMAA may also compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
If you have provided us with your e-mail address, HMAA may send you e-mails in order to alert you to information, events, activities or programs at or related to HMAA that HMAA believes may be of interest to you, or to alert you about sales or other promotional events at the HMAA Museum Store. If you do not want us to use your e-mail address to contact you for these purposes, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and postal address to info@huntermuseum.org.
The HMAA website may include links to websites operated by third parties over which HMAA have no control. Once you leave the HMAA website, the HMAA Privacy Policy will not apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.
Online Registrations
When you register for a class or purchase tickets to an event, HMAA needs to know your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information to process your order. Your credit card information will be stored temporarily on a secured server and used only as needed to process your transaction. HMAA will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service, and to inform you of our products and promotional offers.
Online Memberships and Donations
When you purchase a HMAA membership or make a donation online, HMAA will ask you to provide us with the information we need to process your membership and/or to acknowledge your contribution. This information includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. Your credit card information will be stored temporarily on a secured server and used only as needed to process your transaction. HMAA will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service, and to inform you of our products and promotional offers.
You may use the HMAA website without registering or submitting any personally identifiable information. Registration for users and members on the HMAA website enables purchase tickets and/or register for a class more quickly, and receive notifications about events that interest you. With registration, members can also log in to renew their membership. You will be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may include a user name and password, your name, and an e-mail address. HMAA stores this information on a secure server. Information collected is never sold, rented or shared with third parties.
Online Surveys
From time to time, HMAA may invite you to participate in surveys posted on the Website or sent to you by e-mail. You may decide whether or not you wish to complete such surveys, which may ask about your background, occupation, or similar questions. HMAA uses this information to help us better understand our audience, which in turn allows us to better meet your needs and interests. Information collected in these surveys is never sold, rented or shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies
On the Internet, a cookie is piece information that a website transfers to a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. As a user moves from page to page at the HMAA Website, a cookie is the only way that we have of knowing who you are. An activity on one page may depend on what you selected on a previous page. HMAA uses a cookie to keep track of your selection. Without cookies users may be asked to provide the same information repeatedly or some activities would not function at all.
The use of cookies is common on the Internet. Most major Websites use cookies. HMAA uses cookies only when appropriate. HMAA never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie from us. HMAA does not use information transferred through cookies for advertising purposes. HMAA never share cookies information with any third parties for marketing or other purposes.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, social media sites, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Emailing HMAA
If you email HMAA, your message and email address may be saved and we may send email you  in order to respond to your message. Any material, business information, ideas, concepts or other information sent to HMAA by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. We will only use the information provided in your e-mail and your e-mail address to improve the HMAA website, services and products and to fulfill or respond to your requests for products, services or information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. When you place orders our system makes use of secure server software. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts personal order information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, the entire customer data HMAA collects is protected against unauthorized access.
Contacting the website
Communications Department Hunter Museum of American Art 10 Bluff View Chattanooga TN 37403 423-267-0968 info@huntermuseum.org
Help us Propel Past COVID
At no time has supporting the Hunter Museum been more crucial than it is today as we cope with the significant impact of COVID-19.
The Hunter has launched a Propel Past COVID campaign to raise funds needed to ensure the museum’s stability and resilience through this uncertain time.
Donate now to support everything you love about the Hunter Museum.
MAKE A DONATION
WordPress Appliance - Powered by TurnKey Linux