http://www.barcharts.com/privacy-policy/
Home
TOOLS
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 18, 2018
This Web site belongs to BarCharts, Inc. Our postal address is 6000 Park of Commerce Blvd., Suite D, Boca Raton, FL 33487. We can be reached via email from our contact us page or by telephone at 800-226-7799.
By using this site, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Use and Disclosure of Information
BarCharts is committed to protecting your privacy. BarCharts does not sell, trade, give away, or rent personal or company information (including email addresses) to any outside parties in ways other than disclosed in this Privacy Policy. Information collected on the site is used to make shopping and promotional activities possible, and also to enhance your overall experience with BarCharts. From time to time, BarCharts may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes on our Web site in order to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Personal Information
All information submitted is voluntary. Submitting information constitutes your consent to BarCharts to use the information for the purposes stated in this policy.
You do not need to provide any personal information to visit the Web site. Some areas of this site, such as order processing and/or participation in special programs/offers (e.g., affiliate program, newsletters, promotions), require you to submit personally identifiable information.
Corrections or changes may be made from the self-service area.
Opt-out
You may prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending an email to unsubscribe@barcharts.com. Opt-out requests sent via email will be processed within 10 days of the date received.
Information Collected Automatically
Barcharts.com does not use “persistent cookies” or any persistent tracking technologies that can identify a specific visitor, or information about a visitor, over multiple visits. The Web site does use “session cookies” that identify the visitor for the duration of a browsing session. Session cookies are deleted from our Web servers when the session ends.
BarCharts does collect non-personal information about your visit. Examples of non-personal information collected include: your IP address, your domain name, the type of browser you are using, your operating system, the date and time that you access the Web site, and the pages that you view. This information is collected to help us better serve our site visitors.
Security
BarCharts uses security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and disclosure.
BarCharts retains only the last 4 digits of the credit card number once the credit card number is passed to the credit card processor through a Secure Socket Layer for payment processing.
Links to Other Web Sites
Barcharts.com has links to other Web sites. When you leave our Web site, no personal information is transferred to these sites. Just like our Web site, these sites have the ability to collect information. BarCharts does not have control of these sites; therefore, it is best to read each site’s policy statement to understand what information is collected and how it is used.
×