http://www.yourstudentsunion.com/more/privacy/
Basket
Basket
Your basket is empty.
More
Login
Register
MyUnion
Admin
Edit
Basket
Basket
Your basket is empty.
Menu
Home
What's On
Student Voice
Your Representatives
Campaigns
Elections
The Rep Hub
Student Charter
Jobs & Skills
BankIt
JobShop
Work for Us!
Volunteering
Sport
All Clubs
Membership
Photo upload
Get Up & Go
Advice
Academic Support
Faith & Spirituality
Harassment & Discrimination
Health
Housing & Community
LGBT
Money
Pastoral Care
Student Charter
Transport
Societies
All Societies
Society Resources
Committee Elections
Start a New Society
RAG
Get Up & Go
Feedback
Shop
TOTUM
More
About Us
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
Documents
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Work For Us
Sustainability
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Your Students' Union (University of Gloucestershire Students' Union) collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Our members, officers and volunteers
Users of our websites
People who use our services
People who give us feedback, make suggestions, complete questionnaires, polls or make complaints
Suppliers and agents
Donors and supporters
Job applicants and our current and former employees
We use personal data for the following reasons:
Carry out our core purposes under the 1994 Education Act
Improve and enhance the Student Experience through our Services and Activities
Administration of Membership Records (including processing for not for profit organisations)
Fundraising
Advertising, Marketing and Public Relations
Accounts and records
Employment Administration
Crime Prevention and Prosecution of Offenders
Use of data is compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998 and specifically with the 8 data principles that are set out within it:
Personal data shall be processed fairly and lawfully
Personal data shall be obtained only for one or more specified and lawful purposes (as above), and shall not be further processed in any manner incompatible with that purpose or those purposes.
Personal data shall be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose or purposes for which they are processed.
Personal data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Personal data processed for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Personal data shall be processed in accordance with the rights of data subjects.
Appropriate technical and organisational measures shall be taken against unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.
Personal data shall not be transferred to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data.
Website Privacy Policy
The website Privacy Policy discloses the information practices for this website, including the type of information gathered, how the information is used, and our policy regarding sharing information with others organisations such as the University of Gloucestershire.
This Privacy Policy will be published wherever personal information is collected on the site.
By using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Types of Information We Collect
Personal Information Provided by You
If you are a student at the University of Gloucestershire your details will be automatically held by the Students’ Union in its membership database, unless you have opted out of Union membership.
The details held are the details you gave The University on registration. If you wish to alter your registration details you can do so by contacting the University.
Your Students' Union cannot be held responsible for any inaccurate personal details.
We gather both Personal Information and Anonymous Information from you when you visit the Site.
"Personal Information" means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to: a first and last name; e-mail address; university number, a home, postal or other physical address (when using services designed to deliver or send items to you) or other contact information necessary to provide a service that you requested.
"Anonymous Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Information and Anonymous Information, as described below.
We Collect Personal Information from you at the following points:
If you are a non student and register to the site for purchases of tickets, we will record your contact information, username and password. We can collect additional information submitted through registration or via updating your information.
If you are a student, you will use your University log in and thus your password is not stored on our website in any form. If you register as a guest (before University single sign on is enabled) we do not have access to your password.
If you make any purchases through the site, we will record your billing address, however we do not record your payment card details. This information is collected through Sage Pay, our online payment provider. No card payment details are stored through the site.
Your Students' Union will only send you information that is deemed relevant to your membership. Once you have updated your preferences, you have thereby given your consent to be contacted with relevant promotions, offers or information that you have expressed an interest in. If you do not wish to receive further updates and wish to opt out go to yourstudentsunion.com/profile/ or if you are logged in, go to the Profile icon at the top right hand side of the webpage and modify your preferences or contact details. We will always respect your privacy and any personal communication between you and ourselves.
As you navigate the site, certain information will be collected automatically. This data helps us to improve the content of the site and to customise the content or layout of the site for you.
A cookie is an element of data that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing a website. This website uses session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser). You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of the site may not function properly.
We are reviewing our use of cookies and will modify this agreement as any changes are made.
How We Use Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from you in order to fulfil your requests. For example, we may use your Personal Information to process an online purchase or interact with a service or feature to the site. We may also use your Personal Information to send you information that you requested, or to confirm registrations, purchases, or to respond to your feedback.
We may use your email address to notify you of products or services that may interest you, such as events or discussions, in addition we may notify you of recent updates to our site, or to provide you with latest news.
You may opt-out from receiving promotional or marketing emails by notifying us at the address specified at the bottom of any unwanted email. Emails may be sent to you from Your Students' Union or from its societies, clubs or other student groups affiliated to it. If you unsubscribe from a Your Students' Union email, you may still receive emails from these affiliated groups and vice versa.
We may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information to perform statistical analyses of users' aggregate behaviour so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation.
We may email you for research purposes relating to your membership of the Students’ Union based on anonymous information you have already provided through completion of questionnaires or polls. This information is only gathered for reasons associated with improving our services to members and the anonymous information is only accessed by employees of the SU including full time student officers.
When someone visits this website, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information will not be sold, traded, or rented to individuals or other entities. However, we may need to share your Personal Information with third parties to charge your credit card or deliver specific services to you such as support services. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Your Students' Union.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to:
comply with any relevant legal obligations or
protect and defend the rights or property of Your Students' Union or users of the site.
How You can Edit Your Personal Profile
We realise that your Personal Information, including your name, address and email address, is subject to change. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain its accuracy.
In some cases, we provide a means to create an account or a profile of information. For example, to change your Personal Information, log in as usual and select the profile icon at the top right hand side of each page.
Security of Your Personal Information
We safeguard the Personal Information you send to us with certain physical, electronic, and managerial procedures.
We also store your Personal Information behind our firewall and utilise appropriate security measures in our physical facilities to prevent loss or unauthorised use of sensitive information. Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we limit access to Personal Information in electronic databases to those persons, including Your Students' Union employees and full time student officers, in our organisation that have a need for such access.
While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you send to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your Personal Information when you are on the internet.
We suggest that you change your passwords often, use passwords that include a combination of letters and numbers, and use a secure browser. Products and services are available which can help give you privacy protection while navigating the internet. While we do not anticipate breaches in security, if one occurs, we will use all reasonable efforts to correct the problems that led to the breach.
Other Websites
The Web site contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us.
Inclusion of any linked web site on or through the Web site or the Service does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us. If you decide to leave the Web site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
Access to personal information
Your Students' Union tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you we will:
give you a description of it;
tell you why we are holding it;
tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to us for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to the address provided below. In some cases, where the compilation of data is considered to be complex or time consuming we will make an administrative charge of £10.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone, subject to verification of identity.  We will do this within 30 days of your request.
About this Notice
This privacy notice was drafted with clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of our collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below
Chief Executive’s Office
University of Gloucestershire Students' Union
Park Campus
Cheltenham
GLOS
More
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Documents
Equality & Diversity
Online Invoice Payments
Privacy Policy
Sustainability
Terms & Conditions
Work For Us
Back To Top