http://www.flvs.net/privacy-policy?source=footer
Menu
About
About FLVS
Mission & Vision
Board of Trustees
Executive Leadership
Online Learning Resources
Careers
Newsroom
Foundation
Courses
High School Catalog
Middle/Junior High Catalog
Elementary Catalog
About Our Curriculum
New Courses
Career & Tech Courses
World Languages
Driver Education
Prospective Students
School Options for K-12
High School
Middle School
Elementary School
Current Students
Student Resources
Student Clubs
School Store
Flex Advisement
Full Time Advisement
Transcript Request
Help & Tech Support
Schools and Districts
School & District Solutions
Counselors/Administrators Tools
Florida District Relations Managers
National Account Managers
Enroll
Login
FLVS Flex
FLVS Full Time (Focus)
County Virtual Schools
FLVS Global School
Create Parent/Guardian Account
Request Info
Contact
Careers
Translate
Spanish
Creole
Powered by Translate
Search
Privacy Policy
Florida Virtual School will abide by the student privacy guidelines set forth by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). The following persons have access to student records:
FLVS Board of Trustee members
President and CEO. administrative team, and professional staff of the school (teachers, guidance counselor, the General Counsel)
Appropriate administrative support staff members and other professionals who have a legitimate educational or legal interest in student records as designated by the President and CEO.
Florida Virtual School provides an academic transcript to the student's primary school of record upon completion of the online course(s), or upon any request of the primary school and/or student's legal guardian.
In accordance with state and federal privacy laws, students who attain the age of 18 may transfer certain rights related to their academic records. To learn more about this please contact your guidance counselor.
Some schools assign a lab facilitator to help students who use school labs to access FLVS courses. Facilitators will have access to students' online work. Facilitators will not have access to students' demographics.
No member of the FLVS staff is authorized to release student information without the written permission of the student's legal guardian or without approval of the FLVS President and CEO.
Names, images, and/or course work of FLVS students will not be published in print, video/film, or on our website without written student and guardian consent.
All FLVS students are provided a unique password to access online courses. It is the student's responsibility to keep his/her password in confidence.
Statistical Information: We use web statistic software to track visitors to our site, but this data does not include any personally identifying information such as name or email address. Individual identifying information is not provided to any other party without your consent, or as otherwise required by law. However, aggregated and anonymous data about groups of members may be collected and shared with participating agencies and/or companies. An example of such information might include, "X% of visitors come to our site between the hours of 7:00 and 9:00 p.m."
Security Information: All the data you provide to us is protected to ensure both the privacy and security of your data. We use state-of-the art technology to keep your personal information as secure as possible to ensure that no one will be able to tamper with, intercept or access your data. Remember to keep your account information private and secure; do not share your password with anyone!
Cookies: We may, from time to time, use cookies when you log in to your account. These cookies allow us to remember you when you visit our site. Although one cookie would reside on your computer so that we can recognize you each time you visit our site, any session-specific cookies will expire once you shut down your browser.
×
Florida Virtual School
Online learning options to meet a wide range of student needs.
Learn how to enroll in Flex Grades K-12
FLVS Flex
Course options with flexible start dates, available year round. Please note: There may be a delay in starting courses due to high application volume.
Learn how to enroll in Grades K-12
FLVS Full Time
A full-time public school following the traditional school year. Enrollment opens in June for the 2021-22 school year. Sign up to be notified.
Signup for Global School Grades 6-12
Signup for Global School Grades K-5
FLVS Global School
Tuition-based courses for students outside of Florida.
Signup for County Virtual School Grades 6-12
Signup for County Virtual School Grades K-5
County Virtual School
FLVS courses available through your school district. For K-5 check with your county for availability.
Not sure which option is right for you?
×
×
×
FLVS.net Feedback