http://www.washcoll.edu/privacy-policy/index.php
Skip to main site navigationSkip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Learn about our privacy policy.
We respect your privacy
Any and all information collected on this site will not be sold, rented, disclosed
or loaned. Your information will be held with the utmost care and will not be used
for anything other than official business.
About Cookies
This website uses cookies to collect information about your computer, including your
IP address, operating system and browser type. By using this website, you agree to Washington
College’s use of cookies for tracking and statistical data purposes. We do not collect
any personally identifiable information.
Retargeting
We work with a third-party company to collect information about our website usage
in order to increase the effectiveness of our marketing. Recorded data is aggregated
and shared with us. No personally identifiable information is collected or shared.
How we use the data we collect:
We use this data to help our Advertisers identify and serve ads to you that are more
relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services
including enhancing the data points we or our Advertising Partners have about a particular
user, browser, or device to serve the most relevant ads to you and, in turn, improve
performance of an Advertiser’s ad campaigns. Specifically, we use this data for:
Targeting: Selecting ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on the interests
previously associated with your device and the time of day you may be most interested
in viewing these specific ads.
Frequency capping: Making sure that you don’t see the same ad too many times.
Sequencing: If you are being served a sequence of ads, making sure we show you the
right ad next in the sequence.
Cross-device matching: Identifying all devices that are likely to be associated with
you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices. It also
helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we
know are connected to the opted-out cookie.
Attribution: Monitoring when, where, and at what price we served certain ads on behalf
of an Advertiser so that we can measure our influence on the marketing result of the
Advertiser’s campaigns and overall marketing strategy.
Reporting: Providing Advertisers insights into how their ads are performing and gain
insights into their customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as impressions,
clicks, and conversions. With respect to specific cookie data, we limit reporting
to cookie activity on the specific Advertiser’s website and which ads were shown whether
there was engagement with those ads.
Do You. Do it All. Do it Here.
VisitRequest InfoApply
©