https://www.chichester.gov.uk/article/24124/Terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Chichester District Council
Chichester District Council
Toggle navigation
Services
Apply · report · pay
My account
Search the site
Search
Search
Coronavirus (COVID-19): Latest information, advice and guidance for residents and businesses in Chichester District.:  Read more about Coronavirus (COVID-19): Latest information, advice and guidance for residents and businesses in Chichester District.
×
Home
About our website
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
What you should know about using this website
Copyright Data QualityDisclaimer Privacy StatementHyperlinking PolicyVirus ProtectionIf these sections do not answer your question(s) then please contact:Council business mattersTel: 01243 785166Email: contact@chichester.gov.ukWebsite mattersTel: 01243 534782Email: webteam@chichester.gov.ukCopyrightAll material on this website, including text and graphics, is copyright Chichester District Council unless otherwise stated. Use may be made of this material by educational organisations without permission from Chichester District Council if a credit to the Council is included. All other use of this material may only be made with the express written permission of Chichester District Council.Chichester District Council is licensed by the
Ordnance Survey
to use their maps on this website. Their maps are protected by Crown Copyright and are not to be used for unauthorised purposes. Ordnance Survey are prepared to grant licenses for the use of their intellectual property, further information is available from them:In some cases the maps have been created by Chichester District Council who own the copyright. Permission to use these maps is negotiable and application should first be made to webteam@chichester.gov.uk.Data QualityChichester District Council is committed to the highest standards of quality of information. If you think that there are any errors or out-of-date information, please notify the producer of the page by using the email link at the bottom of the page or by contacting the Webmaster: webmaster@chichester.gov.uk. Thank you for your help.DisclaimerWhile every care has been taken in the compilation of this information, Chichester District Council will not be held responsible for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused as a result of inaccuracy or error within these pages.Although Chichester District Council takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the information provided from third parties is not defamatory or offensive, we cannot control the content or take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers.Privacy StatementYour privacy is paramount to Chichester District Council and as such, we are committed to protecting your privacy online. We will treat any personal information which can identify you (i.e. name, address, email and the like) in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act of 1998.Hyperlinking policyHyperlinking to us at Chichester District Council:You do not have to ask permission to link directly to pages on this site. We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on our site. However, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The Chichester District Council pages must load into the user's entire window.Hyperlinking by us at Chichester District Council:It is our policy to obtain permission to link to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or reliability of the linked websites. Listing should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of linked pages.Virus protectionWe make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system, which may occur whilst using material derived from this website.
© 2020
| Cookies
| Help
| Terms and conditions
| Data protection
| Contact us
| Sign up to news alerts
| Accessibility statement
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
RSS
Top of page