http://www.cardiffstudents.com/terms/
Feedback
Log in
Basket
Basket
Menu
What's On
Open Day
All Events
Annual Events
Bars & Clubnights
Live Music
Societies & Clubs
Postgraduate
Jobs & Skills
Give It A Go
Box Office
Activities
Athletic Union
Societies
Associations
Student Led Services
Give It A Go
Student Media
Transport
Volunteering
Shops & Services
Shops
Services
Food & Drink
Love Cardiff Shop
Acute Barbers
Blackwell's Bookshop
Kodak
Post Office
Print Centre
Yume Hair & Beauty
Repair IT
Santander
Jobshop
Cardiff Student Letting
Prayer Room
IT Clinic
Skills Development
Study Caffi
Food At Y Plas
The Taf
Breatos
Bubble Boba
Coffi Co
The Bagel Place
The Falafel House
Your Voice
Elections
Referenda
Elected Officers
Officers' Executive
Student Academic Reps
Democracy
Student Senate
Campaigning
Associations
Speak Week
ESLAs
Student Wins
City Life
Community Projects
Living in Cardiff
Things To Do
Getting Around
Jobs & Skills
Jobshop
Skills Development Service
Volunteering
Cardiff Award
Student Enterprise
Work For Us
Join Welcome Team
University Opportunities
Our Venues
Y Plas Nightclub
Food at Y Plas
The Taf
Venue Hire & Room Bookings
Cardiff Box Office
Help & Advice
Academic
Complaints
Consumer
Employment
General Issues
Health & Wellbeing
Healthcare Students
Housing
Money
About
Open Day
Contact Us
Getting Here
Work For Us
Advertise to Students
NUS
Plans & Vision
Environmental Impact
Governance & Policy
Postgraduates
Heath Campus
Siarad Cymraeg?
Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Please follow this link to view our privacy notice that has been updated for the new General Data Protection Regulations.
Tickets & Products Provided By Affiliated Student Groups
If you have any enquiries about tickets and products made available for sale by affiliated groups (such as sports clubs or societies), in the first instance you should contact the affiliated group itself.
Each group and each event may have differing terms in relation to refunds. You should check to ensure you understand the terms of purchase before completing your transaction.
Tickets & Events
Live music and nightclub events provided by Cardiff University Students' Union fall under the sub-brand Cardiff Box Office. All tickets can be purchased online as an e-ticket or for delivery.
General Info
Book tickets online 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Box Office regularly check prices to make ensure their booking fees are lower than other ticket outlets.
All tickets are sold subject to Box Office Terms and Conditions.
All live music events are strictly 14+ unless otherwise stated.
All club night events are strictly 18+ and guests must have valid ID with them. ID accepted include a valid Passport or a valid driving licence only.
Cardiff Box Office accept all major UK Credit / Debit cards, with the exception of American Express.
Please contact boxoffice@cardiff.ac.uk for any further information.
E-tickets
Tickets purchased as "e-tickets" will be emailed to the email address registered to your account. If you do not receive an e-mail upon completing a purchase, please check your Junk or Spam folder.
Please bring your e-ticket with you to the event, ensuring the barcode is clear for our scanners to read.
E-tickets are not transferable.
Delivery
Tickets will be posted to the address registered to the account, or entered at the time of purchase. Cardiff Box Office are unable to change the delivery address after a purchase has been completed.
Cardiff Box Office endeavour to send tickets out within 5 working days of purchase, however, please allow up to 14 working days. If your tickets are urgent, we recommend purchasing an e-ticket.
Please note, Cardiff Box Office currently only ship to UK Mainland addresses.
Please contact Cardiff Box Office for further information.
Returns Policy
Refunds are available only if the event has been cancelled, postponed, or has significantly changed from the advertised billing. If this is the case then please contact boxoffice@cardiff.ac.uk. Booking and Postage Fees are non-refundable. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Age Restrictions
Regular nightclub events are age 18+ unless specifically noted on the event page. All members and guests must provide photo ID as proof of age if asked by a member of security or a member of Students' Union staff. Cardiff Box Office only accept a valid passport or a valid driving licence. If you are unable to provide proof of age, you maybe refused entry or refused service at our licenced bars.
Bringing Guests in to the Students' Union
Cardiff University student are entitled to bring one guest in to the Students' Union. Your guest must be 18+ years old. Your guest must arrive with you and must provide photo ID as proof of age. Cardiff Box Office only accept a valid passport or a valid driving licence.
Behaviour
A breach of any of these terms and conditions or behaviour deemed by the duty manager to be unacceptable will result in ejection from the venue and a possible ban from the premises. In serious cases, the Police or University may be informed. Unacceptable behaviour includes but is not limited to;
Behaviour which is likely to cause intimidation
Abusive or discriminatory behaviour
Behaviour that causes damage, nuisance, or injury to self or others
Behaviour that places others at risk
Students are reminded that they are required to conduct themselves within the expectations placed on both members of the Students’ Union and Cardiff University.
Ticket Purchases
Tickets are issued subject to the following terms and conditions.
Cardiff Box Office sells tickets on behalf of promoters, producers, performers and venues. The tickets you purchase remain the property of the promoter/Cardiff Box Office.
Tickets purchased from Cardiff Box Office may be subject to a per ticket booking fee and additional postage fee.
Tickets may be restricted to a maximum number per person to discourage unfair ticket buying practices. Cardiff Box Office reserve the right to cancel tickets purchased in excess of this number without prior notice.
Tickets will be posted to the address provided at time of purchase. Cardiff Box Office will not be responsible for any tickets that are lost or stolen.
Cardiff Box Office aim to dispatch tickets as soon as possible. They are not able to specify an exact date of dispatch. Please allow as much time as possible for your tickets to arrive. If your tickets have not arrived within five days of the event, please contact Cardiff Box Office.
It is your responsibility to check your tickets; mistakes cannot always be rectified.
Tickets are sold subject to the Promoters right to alter or vary the programme due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without being obliged to refund monies or exchange tickets.
At the request of the promoter a partial or full refund can be issued to the purchaser if an event is cancelled or substantially changed from the advertised description. Only face value will be refunded. Booking fees and postage are non-refundable.
If an event is cancelled or rescheduled, Cardiff Box Office will use reasonable endeavours to notify ticket holders once relevant authorisation from the promoter is received. Cardiff Box Office do not guarantee that ticket holders will be informed of such cancellation before the date of the event.
The venue may on occasions have to conduct security searches to ensure the safety of the patrons.
There is no readmission of any kind.
Cardiff Box Office accepts no responsibility for any personal property.
Breach of any of these terms and conditions or any unacceptable behaviour likely to cause damage, nuisance or injury shall result in ejection from the venue.
Cardiff Box Office reserve the right to refuse entry of any patrons that act in a way such to damage the reputation and or Premises License conditions of the Students Union.
Events hosted by external promotors; additional terms and conditions may apply. Please refer to the specific event for full details.
CUSU App
These terms and conditions (together with ‘Cardiff Union Services’ Union App’ Mobile Application Privacy Policy (‘The privacy Policy’), our end-user licence agreements (the EULAs) as set out at https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/ (Apple devices) or https://play.google.com/intl/en_uk/about/play-terms/index.html and any additional terms of use incorporated by reference into the EULAs (collectively ‘Our Terms of Use’) apply to use of:
The Cardiff Union Services mobile application software (app) hosted on the Apple iTunes App Store (Apple Devices) or the Google Play store (Android devices) (the ‘App Site’), once you have downloaded a copy of the App onto your mobile telephone or handheld device (the ‘Device)’.
Any of the services accessible through the App (‘the Services’)
In order for to utilise the App and/or its Services, the following user requirement’s must be met:
The user must be over 18 in order to download and use the app
If alcoholic or age-restricted products are purchased, the purchaser and any intended consumer must be over 18 and be able to provide valid ID on request. (The only two forms accepted forms of ID are a valid driving licence or Passport).
The app requires a PayPal account or suitable payment card to process orders
Admission and service at licenced premises are subject to licensing laws.
We accept no responsibility for any damage or data loss caused to your device as a result of downloading the App. In case of ‘jail-broken’ phones – owing to the comprised security as a result of the ‘jail-breaking’, there is a real risk of data breach.
It is a the managers sole discretion to refuse service to any individual or to make any other decision which is aimed at promoting or adhering to the licensing objectives, including promoting any internal or venue specific policies/procedures.
Any alcoholic products that are purchased through the App can only be consumed at the venue ‘The Taf’. If this not adhered to, then you will not be entitled to any refund of the drink.
All products and offers are subject to availability. Alternative products or refunds may be offered where appropriate, at the manager’s discretion.
We apologise, but it is not possible to amend or cancel orders, once placed.
During any event in Y Plas i.e. Live Music, Dance Event, Student, Corporate or Nightclub events, no orders will be delivered. It is still possible to order, but the order will remain in the Taf. You will need to the Taf to collect and consume your order.
All meals ordered through the App cannot have any amendments made to them. If you have any allergy or dietary requirement’s please order at the bar with a staff member.
If your order is refunded, owing to product/offer availability or as customer service goodwill gesture, it will usually be processed in the following way – through the venues till, with the funds being returned to the PayPal account or card within 3 working days.
Popular Links
Societies
Upcoming Events
Current Elections
Give it a Go
Sports Clubs
Live Music & Tickets
Welsh Varsity
Skills Development
Jobshop
Volunteering
© Cardiff Union Services Ltd - Company number 02287517
About Us
About CUSU
Contact Directory
Terms & Conditions
Virtual Tour
Privacy Notice
Plans & Vision
Careers
CUSU at the Heath
Open 24 hours a day
+44 (0) 29 2078 1400
studentsunion@cardiff.ac.uk
Cardiff University Students' Union, Park Pl, Cardiff CF10 3QN
Corporate
Advertising
Sponsorship
Venue Hire
Roombooking