http://www.rockymc.edu/academic-life/policies-and-services.html
Policies and Services
Grading Policies
Grading System
Rocky Mountain College uses the Alberta Common Grading Scale as follows:
GradeGrade PointGradeGrade Point
A+
4.0
C+
2.3
A
4.0
C
2.0
A–
3.7
C–
1.7
B+
3.3
D+
1.3
B
3.0
D
1.0
B–
2.7
D–
0.7
F
0.0
P
Pass
IN
Incomplete
VW
Voluntary Withdrawal
AU
Audit
The conversion of marks, such as percentage scores, to the Grading Scale does not follow a college-wide system. The relationship between raw scores and the Grading Scale is dependent on the nature of the course and the instructor’s assessment of the performance of the students’ work as compared to common expectations within the discipline for that level of course work and the performance of students in similar courses in other classes and years. The following provides an interpretation of each grade:
A = Excellent — superior performance showing comprehensive understanding of subject matter.
B = Good — clearly above average performance with knowledge of the subject matter generally complete.
C = Satisfactory — basic understanding of subject matter.
D = Inferior work which falls below the expectations of the course but which is of passing quality.
F = Failure to meet the minimum standards required for a passing grade.
P = Represents satisfactory work. Given only in courses specially designated for pass / fail grading.
IN = Incomplete.
VW = Voluntary withdrawal from a course before the course withdrawal deadline.
AU = Audit — No grade awarded. Indicates that a minimum of 75% of classes have been attended.
Grade Point Average
At the end of each semester, a student’s grade point average (G.P.A.) is calculated by totalling the number of grade points earned in each course and dividing by the total number of course hours taken.
Incomplete Grade
A student must apply to the VP Academic and receive permission from the professor to complete course work after the end of a course and to have an Incomplete (‘IN’) grade applied to the transcript. Work missed must be made up and the final examination taken within the time specified in the extension unless further time is granted by the VP Academic. If the course is not completed within the revised deadline, an ‘F’ grade will be given.
Academic  Probation
Students whose grade point average in the last 9 credits of courses was below 1.75, are placed on academic probation. Limitations on academic participation may be applied. Academic probation is removed when the G.P.A. for the next 9 credits is 2.00 or above. A student remaining on academic probation for two consecutive terms is required to take at least 4 months off before permission is granted to register for another course. A student may submit a written appeal to the VP Academic requesting exemption from this policy due to extenuating circumstances.
Class Attendance in Face-to-Face  Classes
Attendance at each class session is important for learning and for the development of personal discipline. Each professor will clearly communicate attendance requirements and penalties for absences in the course syllabus. The VP Academic reserves the right to determine whether a student who has missed more than three weeks of classes can continue the work of the course.
Standard for Written Work
Written work is expected to follow standards set by the College.  APA form and style in written work is required for all programs.
Tests and Examinations
Mid-term tests are scheduled by the course instructor as outlined in the course syllabus. Missed tests without prior rescheduling arrangements confirmed with the course instructor will receive 0%.
Final examinations must be taken as scheduled. Missed final examinations will receive 0%. Permission to reschedule an exam requires application to the VP Academic in consultation with the course instructor prior to the sitting of the exam.
Rescheduling of an exam without financial penalty may be given if:
a student has an exam conflict with another RMC exam
a student has more than two exams scheduled on one day
a student has a scheduling conflict with another post- secondary institution
a student has an illness with notification given prior to the examination and a doctor’s note indicating that the student was unable to attend on the scheduled day
Any other approved request for rescheduling an exam requires payment of a re-scheduling fee.
Last Day to Accept Semester Assignments
All assignments must be submitted by the due dates outlined in the course syllabus. No papers, make up examinations, reading reports, or any other type of assignment will be received after the last day of a course agreement, except those granted an Incomplete by prior permission.
Extensions and Continuances
Students requiring more than the contracted time are required to submit an application for extension via email to the course facilitator before 90% of the contracted time for the course has passed. Extensions of up to 20% of the contracted course time may be granted by facilitators at their sole discretion who will inform the Registrar and Program Coordinator. The extension fee is $100. Applications for continuances beyond an extension must be submitted in writing (via email or hard copy) by the student to the Program Coordinator before the end of any extensions granted. The Program Coordinator will make a decision on the request in consultation with the Vice President Academic. Continuances will be considered on a case by case basis. Students may apply for a maximum of 2 continuances per course enrolment. Continuances are subject to a fee. To qualify for a continuance:
Assignments worth at least 50% of the grade for the entire course must already have been submitted,
Assignments submitted must be of at least passing performance, and the remaining work or exams, if completed, could result in a passing grade. A continuance fee is $100 per week for a first continuance and $150 per week for a second.
Repeating a Course
A student may repeat a course in which a failing or low grade is obtained. The transcript will record each time a course is taken and the grade given. However, only the highest mark is considered in computing the cumulative G.P.A. A course may be retaken only once.
Notification of Results
Grade Reports are available on the Student Portal. If there are outstanding fees on a student’s account, transcripts will be withheld until payment is made in full.
Transcripts
Transcripts are issued upon written request to the VP Academic. Official transcripts are issued directly to other educational institutions or employers. All financial accounts must be settled in full before a transcript will be issued.
President’s Honour Roll and Dean’s List
Full-time students registered in 12 or more credits who complete a semester with a 4.00 G.P.A. are placed on the President’s Honour Roll. Full-time students who complete a semester with a G.P.A. of 3.40 to 3.99 are placed on the Dean’s List.
Field Education
The purpose of Field Education is to ensure practical experience in the vocational area for which the student is preparing. All programs require the completion of a certain number of Field Education courses and/or Practicum experiences to meet graduation expectations. Students should consult their Advisor to discuss the nature of Field Education required for their program and the process for completing those requirements.
For some Field Education experiences a Criminal Record Check is required. Costs may be incurred by the student.
Tuition Refund and Dropped Course
Tuition refund schedule for Dropped Course:
Dropped before 10% of course material covered or 10% of the course time has elapsed, 100% tuition refund except for a $20 admin. fee.
Dropped between 10% and 30% of course material covered or time elapsed, 50% tuition refund except for a $20 administration fee.
Dropped after 30% of course material covered or time elapsed, no tuition refund
Grade applied to student transcript for Dropped Course:
Dropped before 10% of course material covered or 10% of the course time has elapsed, no grade applied
Dropped between 10% and 50% of course material covered or time elapsed, a VW (Voluntary Withdrawal) grade is recorded.
Dropped after 50% of course material covered or time elapsed an F grade is recorded.
All fees are in Canadian dollars.
Graduation Policies
The following obligations must be fulfilled for a student to graduate from an RMC program:
a student needs to complete the last 30 hours at Rocky Mountain College to graduate from diploma and degree programs and the last 15 hours to graduate from certificate programs. PLAR credit does not apply to these minimum requirements
all academic requirements must be completed
students are to complete at least 9 hours in Bible/Theology/ Christian Spirituality at RMC even if they have sufficient transfer hours to cover all Bible/Theology/Christian Spirituality requirements
Graduation  Requirements
a growing Spirit-directed Christian experience
a cumulative G.P.A. of at least 2.00 and fulfillment of hour and course requirements. Students are required to have a G.P.A. of at least 2.30 in course work directly related to their major
completion of Career Development Workshops
approval by the Board of Governors upon recommendation of the faculty
Graduation Honours
Honours are granted to graduating degree candidates according to their cumulative grade point average as follows:
3.40 – 3.69 Cum Laude
3.70 – 3.89 Magna Cum Laude
3.90 – 4.00 Summa Cum Laude
Library Services
The Rocky Mountain College Library shares 40,000 physical items with Emmanuel Bible College in Kitchener, Ontario. Physical books can be borrowed via mail at no cost to students.
The library also has electronic resources available through the College’s website. This includes over 146,000 full text books plus subscriptions to over 1,700 relevant journals.
Library Sources Outside RMC
The City of Calgary offers many other research resources which are available to our students.
The University of Calgary Library offers students from Rocky Mountain College a community borrowers card free of charge.
Appeals
Anyone who thinks a decision made by a person at RMC has the right to appeal that decision. The following policies govern the way appeals are made and handled.
Academic Appeals
An appeal of an academic decision begins with the person first making the decision and proceeds as indicated below. Appeals of grades on course work or the final course grade are to be initiated within fifteen days of the grade being posted in the learning platform or student portal or emailed in the case of course work for live courses.
Reappraisal of Grade Decisions
A.   A mark on a course assignment:
The student is to ask the course instructor/facilitator for a re-evaluation within fifteen days of the assignment being marked in an online course or the mark being sent to the student in the case of a live course. The student will receive a written response.
A student who is still dissatisfied must refer the assignment, in writing with an explanation of why they think the mark is inappropriate to the VP Academic within 15 days of receiving the response in #1 from the instructor/facilitator.
The decision of VP Academic is final. The student will receive a written response.
B.   A final course grade or PLAR assessment decision:
The student must ask the instructor/facilitator or Academic Office for a re-assessment within fifteen days of the grade being posted to their Student Portal in order to seek a resolution. The student will receive a written response.
A student who is still dissatisfied must submit to the VP Academic, within fifteen days of receiving the response in #1, a written, formal request for a review. Grounds for the appeal must be stated clearly and fully.
The decision of VP Academic is final. The student will receive a written response.
Expulsion
Appeals may be made to the President on issues of expulsion from the college. Appeals may be made to the VP Academic on issues of suspension from the college for disciplinary reasons. Issues of lesser severity will be dealt with by the staff member, supervisor/coach or mentor involved. An appeal of an expulsion or suspension is made by filing a written notice of appeal within ten working days of the original decision. The written notice shall be delivered to the President, or VP Academic, as appropriate.  In the case of an appeal, the President or VP Academic shall convene a Faculty Appeals Committee meeting to make a recommendation. The Committee will inform the appropriate staff members, the student’s mentor and/or coach, and the student in writing of the time and mode (e.g., live, Skype, phone) of the meeting, and of the offense with which the student has been charged. The College will provide pertinent documents to the student in advance of the meeting. Documents not presented in advance require the approval of the student and the Committee chairman in order to be accepted. The student may speak in his or her own defense, or may have the assistance of a lawyer. The student and others will be dismissed after their remarks and the Committee will make its decision in private. The decision is to be based upon the facts presented at the meeting. These facts will be recorded by a member of the Committee. In the case of an appeal of a decision to suspend, the Committee is granted the authority to make a ruling. In the case of an appeal of a decision to expel, the Committee will make a recommendation to the President to uphold, overturn, or modify the previous decision based upon the evidence presented.  The President shall make the final ruling.
The student, appropriate staff members, the student’s mentor and/or coach, and the Administrative Cabinet are informed immediately of the decision.  The written record is open to review by the student and appropriate staff.
Other Academic Decisions
This procedure is used for appeals of all academic decision except decisions related to grades as provided for in Policies related to Reappraisal of Grade Decisions and Expulsion
In all cases the first step in the process is a personal discussion of the question between those making the decision and the person(s) to whom the decision applies. This must occur within 15 days of the initial decision being communicated to the student. If a resolution acceptable to both the student and the other party cannot be reached, the following appeal procedures will be used. In all cases, the appeal must be submitted, in writing within 15 days of receiving the decision of the person or body in question.
An appeal of a decision made by a faculty member, a faculty committee or the Registrar is made to the VP Academic. The student will receive a written response.
An appeal of a decision made by the VP Academic, whether his/her own or as part of an appeal is made in writing, within 15 days of receiving the decision of the VP Academic, to the Faculty Appeals Committee. The decision of the committee is final.
Privacy of Information
Personal  Information
The College will comply with all aspects of the Personal Information Protection Act of Alberta. To this end the College collects, records and uses personal information regarding current students, former students, people applying to become students, people who enquire or may be expected to enquire about applying to become students, current and past donors to the College, people whom the College reasonably assumes might become donors, employees, volunteers, and other individuals for whom the College has a reason to collect and retain personal information. The information collected is limited to that information that the College reasonably expects it might need in order to serve the individuals in the capacity of their relationship to the College, or to provide relevant information to the individual to enhance the relationship between the individual and the College. Information collected will be stored electronically and may be stored on servers outside of Canada.
Collection  of Information
The College will only collect information that is relevant to its relationship with the individual. The type of information collected will vary from one person to another, and from one time to another if the person’s relationship to the College changes.
Access to Information
The College will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is not disclosed, purposefully or accidentally, to anyone who does not have a legitimate College related need for that information. The College does not make available its mailing lists, student lists, or any other such information, to other organizations or individuals.
An individual may, at any time, request a copy of the personal information that the College has about that individual, and the College will comply with that request in a timely manner. Errors or omissions in the information that are pointed out by the individual will be corrected.
Personal information will be disclosed by the College to a third party only under one or more of the following conditions:
The person has consented to such disclosure,
The disclosure is required by law,
The disclosure would be in the person’s interests,
Any other conditions specified in section 20 of the Personal Information Protection Act.
Use of Information
Personal information that has been collected by the College about any individual will only be used for College related purposes.
Privacy Officer
The Vice President Academic is the designated Privacy Officer as required by the Personal Information Protection Act.
Types of Information to be Collected
Depending on the relationship of the individual to the College, information collected may include information required for one or more functions such as the following:
Recruiting new students
Enrolling students in courses and reporting results to them
Ensuring the health and safety of others
Collection of fees
Participation in field education and other off site education programs and  experiences
Awarding of scholarships, bursaries and other financial aid
Employment, including volunteers
Student year book
Directories for internal use by College employees
Philanthropic  interest
Alumni records
Constituency  relations
Plagiarism and Academic Misconduct Policy
Plagiarism Defined
Plagiarism involves submitting or presenting work in a course as if it were the student’s own work done expressly for that particular course when, in fact, it is not. Plagiarism exists when:
The work submitted was done, in whole or in part, by an individual other than the one submitting the work,
Parts of the work are taken from another source without reference to the original author,
The whole work is copied from another source, and/or
A student submits or presents work in one course which has also been submitted in another course (although it may be completely original with that student) without the knowledge of or prior agreement of the instructor involved.
While it is recognized that scholarly work often involves reference to the ideas, data and conclusions of other scholars, intellectual honesty requires that such references be explicitly and clearly noted. Plagiarism is an extremely serious academic offence.
Penalties
Failing Grade — a student may be given a failing grade in either the assignment or course in which that student is found guilty of plagiarism. Except in circumstances in which leniency is warranted, this penalty will be applied in conjunction with one or other of the other penalties mentioned  below.
Disciplinary Probation—when a student is placed on disciplinary probation, he or she is entitled to proceed with their academic program. If the student is found guilty of a further academic offence the student will be suspended or expelled.
Suspension—suspension takes place when a student is denied continuance at the college for a specified period of time. A student who has been placed under suspension is eligible to reapply for admission after the end of that specified period of time. Suspension does not imply automatic readmission; a student must satisfy the dean of his/her eligibility for readmission.
Expulsion—a student who is expelled is dismissed permanently from the college with no right to apply for readmission.
Penalties and Their Application
In cases in which the Vice President Academics is satisfied that a student is guilty of a clear intention to deceive, the normal penalty will be either suspension or expulsion from the college.
In cases in which the Vice President Academics is satisfied that an offence has been committed, but doubt is left as to the existence of a clear intention to deceive, the normal penalty will be disciplinary  probation.
In cases where a student is found guilty of more than a single offence, the normal penalty will be expulsion from the college.
This policy is based on the University of Calgary policy “Plagiarism, Cheating & Academic Misconduct - 1996-97” Copyright © 1998 University of Calgary
Personal and/or Sexual Harassment and Sexual Assault
Overview
Rocky Mountain College is committed to fostering a College environment where interpersonal relationships reflect the command of Jesus Christ to “love one another.”
Consequently, the College recognizes its moral and legal responsibility to protect its students, staff and faculty from harassment and is committed to providing a learning and working environment for all persons that is free from harassment.
The College expects and requires employees and students to conduct themselves in a manner which promotes and protects the best interests and well-being of all members of the College community.
Any College employee or student who subjects a student, employee, parent, College volunteer or supplier or guest, or any member of the public, to personal or sexual harassment or sexual assault may be subject to disciplinary action as is deemed appropriate, up to and including dismissal or termination.
The harassment is more serious if submission to or acceptance of such behaviors is made either an implicit or explicit condition of an individual’s employment or academic status.Outside contractors, vendors and others who do business with the College, as well as parents, College volunteers and guests to the campus or College functions, are expected to comply with this policy.
Personal Harassment
Personal harassment is any behavior that violates a person’s dignity, respect or physical well-being by:
Disparaging their age, national or ethnic origin, marital status, religion, gender, disability, race, or physical appearance through verbal or non-verbal behaviors such as, but not limited to: statements, jokes, nicknames, cartoons, notes or letters;
Causing physical harm without just cause.
Sexual Harassment
Sexual harassment is any unwanted sexual attention and may be verbal, written, graphic or physical. Any conduct which emphasizes the sexuality or gender of an individual and creates an offensive, intimidating, hostile or embarrassing working, learning or living environment is sexual harassment. Examples of sexual  harassment  behavior include:
Unwelcome sexual advances, propositions or persistent flirtation, uninvited pressure for dates, or sexual behavior;
Requests or demands for sexual favors;
Unnecessary or inappropriate touching of an individual such as: patting, pinching, or repeated brushing against an individual’s body;
Display of sexually suggestive or pornographic objects or pictures;
Leering, ogling, excessive staring or whistling at someone’s body;
Sexual jokes, innuendo or banter;
Comments about an individual’s body or remarks about their sex life;
Indecent  exposure;
Other unwelcome behaviors of a sexual nature.
Complaints of Personal and/or Sexual Harassment
Individuals are often unsure if what they are experiencing is harassment. Students who are unsure if they are the victim of harassment should contact the Vice President Student Life.
Faculty and staff members should contact their supervisor.
Individuals who believe they have been the subject of personal and or sexual harassment by a member of the College community should make their objection known to the offender in an attempt to resolve the problem. Sometimes harassment is a matter of miscommunication and if the behavior is unintentional, communicating the discomfort to the offender may be enough to stop it. If resolution is not possible and the person wishes to proceed with a complaint, they should:
In the case of a student bringing the complaint, inform the Vice President Student Life who shall, if warranted, investigate the matter;
In the case of an employee bringing the complaint, inform the employee’s supervisor who shall investigate the matter.
An investigation may be initiated by the President where it is deemed circumstances warrant such investigation.
Sexual Assault
Sexual assault is a serious criminal offense. It refers to assault committed in circumstances of a sexual nature such that the sexual integrity of the victim is violated. Students or employees who believe they have been sexually assaulted by a member of the college community should immediately report the matter to the President who shall immediately inform the Police.
Important Information
While it is preferable that objections to harassment be voiced to the offender, it is not a pre-requisite to filing a complaint.
This policy does not affect an individual’s right to file a complaint with the Human Rights’ Commission, or to inform the Police and seek redress as may be provided under the law.
There will be no retaliation against a person bringing a justified complaint.
Complaints made by an employee or student in a malicious, vindictive or deceitful manner shall result in discipline as may be appropriate to the circumstance, up to and including dismissal or termination.
A person bringing a more serious complaint may be required to make the complaint in writing prior to any investigation of the complaint.
If the allegation of harassment or sexual assault is proved true, the record of the investigation and final disposition of the matter will be kept in the employee’s or student’s official personnel or student record for a period of at least two years after which the employee or student may request the removal of all related material from their file.
Investigation of a Complaint of Personal or Sexual Harassment
Upon receipt of a complaint the matter shall be discussed by the investigator with the person making the complaint. If the person wishes to proceed with the complaint, a thorough investigation of the matter shall commence as soon as is reasonable.
The complaint shall be investigated in such a way as to:
recognize the severity of the complaint;
allow due process for all concerned;
maintain  confidentiality;
protect as much as is possible the reputation of all concerned.
In the case of a complaint made in writing, a copy of the written complaint shall be provided to the person accused, should the complaint proceed to an investigation.
Based on the severity of the complaint, the President may, after consultation with the Chairman or Vice-chairman of the College Board of Governors, establish an investigation committee to conduct an investigation and report to the President. The membership of this committee may include representation from the Board of Governors, the Faculty, a governing church or denominational body or other competent  person.
Discipline
Based on the findings of the investigation, appropriate and timely disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal or termination, may be taken.
Reporting
In the case of an employee of the College who is credentialed or licensed by a religious denomination or professional association, and who is confirmed to have committed some form of serious harassment or sexually assaulted someone, the President shall inform the employee’s credentialing or licensing body.
Disciplinary And Judicial Procedures
All program students shall agree in writing to abide by the Community Responsibilities Agreement.
Discipline should occur in an arena of love, fostering discipleship  and self-discipline.
Discipline is for the purpose of building integrity. Administration of discipline will proceed through the following steps: establishing a true account of the offence, enabling the individual to assume responsibility and to move to repentance, facilitating a recovery plan which may include close accountability in the context of counseling, and setting appropriate limitations.
Disciplinary Response
Disciplinary action for minor offenses may be exercised by any member of the faculty. Disciplinary action for major offenses such as those involving, but not restricted to, alcohol, improper sexual involvement, criminal activity, or persistent disregard for college standards shall be initiated by the President.
The President may consult with the students’ mentor, coach and church leadership in order to ensure that the students receive restorative discipline within their local church.
Home
About Pathways
History of Rocky Mountain College
About Pathways
Pathways Team
Adjunct Faculty
Governance
Purpose, Mission, Statement Of Belief
Student Stories
Prospective Students
Accreditation
Test Drive Pathways
Admission Requirements
Transferring To RMC
New Student Orientation
Student Portal
Prior Learning & Recognition (PLAR)
International Students
Programs
Discipleship
Leadership Development
Human Services
Courses
Introduction to the Bible for FREE
Biblical Studies
Christian Spirituality
History and Thought Courses
Interdisciplinary Courses
Global Studies Courses
Communication & Languages Courses
Leadership Courses
Social Sciences Courses
Theology Courses
Canadian Church of God Ministries Distinctives Courses
General Studies
Academic Life
Stay Connected
Registration Process
Forms
Fees & Tuition
Policies and Services
Current Student
Student Portal
RMC Mail
Financial Help
The Pathways’ Fund
Canadian Student Loans
EMC Bursary
Payment Procedures
Donate
Donate Now
Donate a Car Canada
Partnerships
Denominations
Post Secondary Schools
Organizations
Churches
Community Agency Access
Resources
FAQ
Library Information
Textbooks
Electronic Books
Electronic Journals
Internet Resources
RMC Writing Support
News & Updates
Job Board
Agency Opportunities
Camps and Other Opportunities
Church Opportunities
RMC Opportunities
Volunteer Opportunities
Alumni
Contact
We want to share with you our excitement for a new way of learning at Rocky Mountain College.
Pathways is our new “distributed learning” model. It is taking our classroom courses out of the box, and down the road to where you are.
With our focus on discipleship, leadership and social care, Pathways now enables students, professionals, and life-long learners, to take advantage of our programs and courses no matter where they are.
Courses are available to Anyone. Anywhere. Anytime. Often times God speaks to us and we yearn for a richer life. But obstacles appear.
Pathways is about removing obstacles and allowing access to quality learning experiences. We foster changed lives both locally and globally.
It is our hope that we can show you a new pathway to learning, ministry and a richer, more meaningful life. Thank you for exploring RMC’s Pathways program.
Prospective Students
Accreditation
Test Drive Pathways
Program Admission Requirements
Transferring to RMC
New Student Orientation
Student Portal
Prior Learning & Recognition (PLAR)
International Students
Programs
Discipleship
Leadership Development
Human Services
Courses
Course Listing
Try a course for FREE
Current Students
Student Portal
Textbooks
Library
eBooks
eJournals
Internet Resources
RMC Writing Support
Academic Life
Stay Connected
Registration Process
Forms
Policies and Services
Donate
Donate Now
Donate a Car Canada
Pathways
History
About Pathways
Pathways Team
Governance
Mission & Vision
Student Stories
Partnerships
Alumni
Financial Help
The Pathways’ Fund
Canadian Student Loans
EMC Bursary
Payment Procedures
Resources
FAQ
Pathways
HomeHomeAbout PathwaysAbout PathwaysHistory of Rocky Mountain CollegeHistory of Rocky Mountain CollegeAbout PathwaysAbout PathwaysPathways TeamPathways TeamAdjunct FacultyAdjunct FacultyGovernanceGovernancePurpose, Mission, Statement Of BeliefPurpose, Mission, Statement Of BeliefStudent StoriesStudent StoriesProspective StudentsProspective StudentsAccreditationAccreditationTest Drive PathwaysTest Drive PathwaysAdmission RequirementsAdmission RequirementsTransferring To RMCTransferring To RMCNew Student OrientationNew Student OrientationStudent PortalStudent PortalPrior Learning & Recognition (PLAR)Prior Learning & Recognition (PLAR)International StudentsInternational StudentsInternational StudentsInternational StudentsProgramsProgramsDiscipleshipDiscipleshipOne Year Certificate ProgramOne Year Certificate ProgramOne Year Certificate Program - ExperientialOne Year Certificate Program - ExperientialLeadership DevelopmentLeadership Development1 Year Programs1 Year Programs2 Year Programs2 Year ProgramsDiploma in Christian LeadershipDiploma in Christian Leadership3 Year Programs3 Year Programs4 Year Programs4 Year ProgramsHuman ServicesHuman ServicesCoursesCoursesIntroduction to the Bible for FREEIntroduction to the Bible for FREEBiblical Studies Biblical Studies Christian Spirituality Christian Spirituality History and Thought CoursesHistory and Thought CoursesInterdisciplinary CoursesInterdisciplinary CoursesGlobal Studies CoursesGlobal Studies CoursesCommunication & Languages CoursesCommunication & Languages CoursesLeadership CoursesLeadership CoursesSocial Sciences CoursesSocial Sciences CoursesTheology CoursesTheology CoursesCanadian Church of God Ministries Distinctives Courses Canadian Church of God Ministries Distinctives Courses General StudiesGeneral StudiesAcademic LifeAcademic LifeStay ConnectedStay ConnectedRegistration ProcessRegistration ProcessFormsFormsApplication ProcessApplication ProcessFees & TuitionFees & TuitionPolicies and ServicesPolicies and ServicesCurrent StudentCurrent StudentStudent PortalStudent PortalRMC MailRMC MailFinancial HelpFinancial HelpThe Pathways’ FundThe Pathways’ FundCanadian Student LoansCanadian Student LoansEMC BursaryEMC BursaryPayment ProceduresPayment ProceduresDonateDonateDonate NowDonate NowDonate a Car CanadaDonate a Car CanadaPartnershipsPartnershipsDenominationsDenominationsPost Secondary SchoolsPost Secondary SchoolsOrganizationsOrganizationsChurchesChurchesCommunity Agency AccessCommunity Agency AccessResourcesResourcesFAQFAQLibrary Information Library Information TextbooksTextbooksElectronic BooksElectronic BooksElectronic JournalsElectronic JournalsInternet ResourcesInternet ResourcesRMC Writing SupportRMC Writing SupportNews & UpdatesNews & UpdatesJob BoardJob BoardAgency OpportunitiesAgency OpportunitiesCamps and Other OpportunitiesCamps and Other OpportunitiesChurch OpportunitiesChurch OpportunitiesRMC OpportunitiesRMC OpportunitiesVolunteer OpportunitiesVolunteer OpportunitiesAlumniAlumniContactContact