https://www.techniquest.org/terms-conditions/privacy-policy/marketing/
Techniquest is temporarily closed.Read more about it x
Home
Plan a visit
Know before you go
Opening times & prices
Christmas at Techniquest
What’s on
Accessibility
Toddler Days
Annual Pass
Coffee Mania
About us
The Science Capital
About us
The story of Techniquest
Join our team
Press
Get in touch
Education
Schools
Connect
Become a Friend
Donate Today
Leave a Legacy
Community Engagement
Current Projects & Workshops
Volunteering
News
Tickets
News
Conference and Events
029 2047 5475
Techniquest is temporarily closed.Read more about it x
Cymraeg
Plan a visit
Essential information
Know before you goOpening times & pricesWhat’s onAccessibility
Other info
Christmas at TechniquestToddler DaysAnnual PassCoffee Mania
About us
About us
The Science CapitalThe story of TechniquestJoin our teamPressGet in touch
Education
Education
Schools
Connect
Support Us
Become a FriendDonate TodayLeave a Legacy
Engagement
Engagement & PartnershipsVolunteeringNews
Tickets
Marketing Privacy Policy
Download Policy
Cymraeg
Home > Terms & Conditions > Privacy Policies > Marketing
Marketing Privacy PolicyMarketing
Download Policy
Introduction
At Techniquest (“we”, “us”, “our”), we regularly collect and use personal data about consumers who visit us or browse our website. Personal data is any information that can used to identify you as an individual. The protection of your personal data is very important to us, and we understand our responsibilities to handle your personal data with care, to keep it secure and to comply with legal requirements.
The purpose of this privacy policy (“Policy”) is to provide a clear explanation of when, why and how we collect and use personal data. We have designed it to be as user-friendly as possible and have labelled sections to make it easy for you to find the information that is most relevant to you.
Please read this Policy carefully. It provides important information about how we use personal data and explains your legal rights. This Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract that you have with us (for example Annual Pass terms) or any rights you might have available under applicable data protection laws.
We will make changes to this Policy from time to time for example, to keep it up-to-date or to comply with legal requirements or changes in the way we operate our business. We will make sure that you are aware of any significant changes by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by posting a notice on each relevant website so that you are aware of the impact to the data processing activities before you continue to engage. We encourage you to regularly check back and review this policy so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and who we share it with
What personal data do we collect?
In relation to potential customers, historic customers and current customers and attraction visitors (“consumers”), we collect the following data:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information given while subscribing to our newsletter or contacting us. We will also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
Details of any concerns if you contact us with a query or issue.
When you complete a survey to tell us how your experience of Techniquest was and how we can improve, although you do not have to respond to them.
When we take a photograph that features you — see section 6 below.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
This includes the collection of contact details such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number and email address, engagement details including your purchase history and Techniquest visit history, your marketing preferences including interests / marketing list assignments, record of permissions or marketing objections, website data, device data including IP addresses and details about your browsing history, browser type, and session frequency and cookies — please see our separate cookie policy for further details on cookies.
Data protection principles
Under the GDPR, there are six data protection principles that Techniquest must comply with.
These provide that the personal information we hold must be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Collected only for legitimate purposes that have been clearly explained and not further processed in a way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to these purposes.
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Kept in a format which permits identification for no longer than is necessary for those purposes.
Proceed in a way that ensures appropriate security of the data.
Techniquest is responsible for, and must be able to demonstrate compliance, with these principles. This is called accountability.
Who do we share your data with?
We share data with third parties, to help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties may from time to time need to have access to your personal data, and include:
Service providers, who help manage our IT and back office systems, and assist with our Customer Relationship Management activities, in particular TOR Systems, Custom Computer Services (Wales) and Facebook.
Our regulators, which include the ICO, as well as other regulators and law enforcement agencies in the E.U. and around the world.
Solicitors and other professional services firms (including our auditors).
Our PR agency, jamjar PR.
Our Look Closer web app agency, Whitefire.
Exhibit partners, such as Jam Creative Studios for the Virtual Changing Room exhibit.
Our web development agency, Core.
Our printing agencies, which include but are not limited to Uprise Print and Pugh’s Colourprint.
Direct Marketing
We may use your personal data to send you direct marketing communications about our attraction or our related services. This will be in the form of email, post or targeted online advertisements.
Where we require explicit opt-in consent for direct marketing in accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations we will ask for your consent. Otherwise, for non-electronic marketing or where we can rely on the soft opt-in exemption under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we will be relying on our Legitimate Interests for the purposes of GDPR as further detailed in section 3.
You have a right to stop receiving direct marketing at any time — you can do this by following the opt-out links in electronic communications (such as emails), or by contacting us at info@techniquest.org.
We also use your personal data for customising or personalising advertisements, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of our attraction websites or other mobile applications, platforms or services, and analysing the performance of those advertisements, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them.
Photography and videography
We may undertake photography or videography in Techniquest, either by our own team or an approved external partner. When this happens, there is a possibility that visitors may be captured in the background of photos/video footage. In order to protect your rights, we will have clear, prominent signage at the main entrance notifying visitors that the photography and/or videography will be taking place. This will also notify visitors that if they do not wish to be photographed, they can request this at the entrance. We will ensure, in these instances, that the photography/videography will not include any visitors who have opted out.
Any close-up photos or videos of guests will require consent forms to be signed by the visitors featured (or, in the case of under-18s, their parent or guardian).
Techniquest may choose to use photos and video footage for marketing purposes in print, digital and online marketing campaigns.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed in Section 3 of this Policy. In particular, where there has been no interaction from a consumer (e.g. a purchase, email open, newsletter sign up), a record will be deleted after 2 years.
Where we are required to do so to meet legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, we will retain your personal data for longer periods of time, but only where permitted to do so, including so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a possibility of legal action relating to your personal data or dealings.
We maintain a data retention policy which we apply to records in our care. Where your personal data is no longer required and we do not have a legal requirement to retain it, we will ensure it is either securely deleted or stored in a way such that it is anonymised and the Personal Data is no longer used by the business.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. In summary, you have the following rights:
You can ask us to access the information we hold on you at any time
You have the right to rectify the information we hold
You can ask us to completely remove your details from all of our systems
You’re able to object to us using your information
You can restrict how we use your information
You have a right to data portability
Contact and complaints
The primary point of contact for all issues arising from this Policy, including requests to exercise data subject rights, is our Data Protection Officer. The Data Protection Officer can be contacted in the following way:
NameGareth McTiffin
Telephone029 2047 5475
E-mailinfo@techniquest.org
AddressTechniquest, Stuart Street, Cardiff, CF10 5BW
Terms of UseOnline Booking Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PoliciesBookingsCorporate EventsEducationEngagementFinanceAcceptable Use PolicyCookies
I consent to Techniquest contacting me via email in line with the Marketing Privacy Policy.
Subscribe
FAQs
I have a coronavirus question
Please see our dedicated COVID-19 FAQ page.
What is Techniquest?
Techniquest is an educational charity, with a science centre in Cardiff Bay. Our mission is to embed science in Welsh culture through interactive engagement. We provide a range of services to schools and teachers to complement formal education provision in Wales and work extensively with public audiences.
Where can I park?
We are pleased to be able to offer all of our visitors discounted parking with Q-Park, our preferred parking partner.
The Q-Park operates the Cardiff Bay car park in Pierhead Street which is around 8 minutes walk from Techniquest.
We have agreed a special discount rate for our customers of 15% off all pre-bookings.
Pre-book and guarantee your space here using the code TECHNI15.
There are also nearby pay-and-display car parks on Stuart Street and Havannah Street. Please do not park on Havannah Street itself.
Who is it for?
Techniquest is suitable for all ages! We do have special events for certain groups, however — see Toddler Days, After Hours and Home Educator days.
Follow us:
Corporate partners
Visit Cardiff Bay
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policies
Sitemap
Designed and developed by