http://www.cedarcrest.edu/marcom/privacy_policy.shtm
Traditional Undergraduate Admissions
School of Adult & Graduate Education
Visit Cedar Crest
Athletics
Rodale Aquatic Center
Offices and Services
Alumnae
Parents & Families
Ways to Give
Search
Academics
About
Request Information
Apply
Visit Our Campus
Marketing and Communications
Marcom Home
News & Events
In the Media
Privacy Policy
Visual Identity Guidelines
CONTACT:
Marketing & Communications
news@cedarcrest.edu
610-740-3790
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Cedar Crest College website: cedarcrest.edu!
This privacy policy applies to www.cedarcrest.edu and it’s subdomains, not to sites connecting to or from cedarcrest.edu.
Welcome to www.cedarcrest.edu (the “Site”) which is operated by Cedar Crest College (“the College”, “we”, or “us”).  The following Privacy Policy tells you about the information we collect through the Site and in any other way.  In addition, it explains how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect.  By using our Site, providing your personal information and/or accessing our Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this statement, as modified from time to time by us.  If this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, please do not use this Site or provide your personal information.  If we decide to materially change our Privacy Policy, we will post a new statement on our Site.  Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit this Site for any updates or changes.
Reference to “we” or “us” refers to the owner of the Site including any company it controls or which controls it (for example a parent company of the Site owner or a subsidiary of the Site owner) and its members, directors, officers, employees and agents.
Cedarcrest.edu collects no personally identifiable information unless provide by you through an online form.  The “online form” may collect several types of information about you.  In this regard, the form may collect "personal information” which includes but is not limited to, your first and last name; your signature; your residential, school or other mailing address; your telephone number; your e-mail address; your Social Security number; your driver’s license; your state identification number; your education history; your employment history; and your geolocation data.  We also collect "non-personal information," which is information about you that does not itself identify you individually.  Examples of non-personal information include age range and gender.  The following is a more detailed explanation of these types of information as well as when and how we collect and use them.
Information gathered is for the purposes of providing users with requested information on the College’s academic programs, event tickets/information, donor information, and the purchase of products offered by the College.
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose information that identifies you individually or makes it possible for other parties to contact you directly without your consent.  Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we only share your personal information with third parties who are acting on our behalf for the uses described below.   We may, however, use, sell, disclose or otherwise dispose of personal information we collect in the following circumstances:
Data Integrity
We process personal information for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed in connection with the uses set out in this Privacy Policy.
Internal Use of Your Information
We use all the information we have to help create and improve the Site for users.  For example:
We will use your email address to make notifications to you about the Site, to contact you about the Site or our services.
We use information about you for statistical, design or operational purposes such as to estimate our audience size, to measure aggregate traffic patterns and/or to and understand demographics, customer interest, consumer insights, purchasing and other trends among our users and customers.
We also use your personal information for the marketing and/or promotion of us and the Site.
We use cookies and other similar technologies to deliver and improve our Site as set forth herein under “Tracking Tools”.
We may outsource all of these tasks to third parties on a confidential basis.
If you do not want to receive promotional email or other materials from us or the third parties we have engaged, please unsubscribe when you receive an email or send your opt-out request to website@cedarcrest.edu.
Disclosures to Comply with Legal Requirements
We may disclose personal information:
(a) to conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on us (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order);
(b) to enforce or apply our policies or agreements (including to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to us);
(c) to protect and defend our or our users’ rights or property, the Site, our employees, users or the public, including fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of our Site; or
(d) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
Choice
We will not use or share your personal information in ways unrelated to the uses described above without first notifying you and offering a choice.  We will also provide you the opportunity to opt-out at any time of certain or all contact from us.   If you would like to make any changes to the type of personal information we collect about you, you may modify or delete any information that has been submitted to the Site.  In addition, if you have any difficulty exercising your choices, please send your request to:  website@cedarcrest.edu
Company Sale
Information collected through our Site is considered a trade secret owned by us. As the owner of such information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale to a third party of our company or a portion of our assets.
Aggregate Information
We do use standard analytical tracking for non-personal information that uses IP addresses to gather statistics on page views, time on the site, path tracking, and referring/previous websites.
The College uses IP targeting to place advertising on websites. IP targeting does not use personal information, but uses a device’s specific numerical identifier to place ads based on visited websites or physical location. This information is never sold or traded and is shared only between Cedar Crest College and its venders specifically charged with placing online advertisements.  This aggregate information generally will not identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes.  We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregate information provided that such information does not reveal your identity.  When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you.  If we do correlate any aggregate information to you, such information will be treated like any other personal information under this statement.
Credit card and payment information is handled by third party websites on their secure servers and that information is never requested, gathered or stored by the cedarcrest.edu website.
Tracking Tools
We and our third-party vendors collect personal and other information about users over time and across different websites when you use this Site or the Sites offered on the Site.  We use browser-based "cookies" or similar technologies to process your requests, and/or to analyze your visiting patterns, monitor traffic patterns on the Site, and to optimize and enhance your online experience on the Site.  "Cookies" are pieces of information stored within your computer’s or device’s Internet browser that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the Site. Such technology is a common feature of many web sites and is necessary in order for certain features of our site to function properly or in order to provide an online Site to you.  We also use cookies to help us understand the content that you are shown while visiting our Site.  We may combine information which we obtain through the use of cookies with other information, including a unique identifier we have assigned to you, or with information we obtain from third party sources.
Managing Tracking Tools
You may customize the browser settings to notify you when a cookie is sent or to disable cookies altogether.  Please check your browser for instructions on how to make these adjustments.  Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s essential features, we recommend that you allow them on your browser. Your browser may also have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.  These browser features are not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
Opting Out of Promotional Materials
If you give us your information, generally in the form of basic contact information and questions directly related to the product, service or information you are requesting, you may receive email or other responses from the College. You can be removed from contact lists by contacting the College at website@cedarcrest.edu.
Access and Accuracy
We strive to keep your personal information accurate.  We will provide you with access to your personal information, including making reasonable efforts to provide you with online access to your user data so that you may review, update or correct your information on the Site.  To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections.
If you cannot access your information on the Site, have difficulty accessing your information on the Site or would like to change or delete the information you have provided us, you can e-mail us at website@cedarcrest.edu.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required.
Notwithstanding any preference that you select, we may contact you from time to time to provide services that you have requested or for customer service matters, such as responding to Site-related inquiries, updating our policies or notifying you of changes to the Site.
Use of the Cedar Crest College website, cedarcrest.edu, signifies acceptance of our privacy policy. Cedar Crest College reserves to right to change the privacy policy as circumstances require.
All information provided on the cedarcrest.edu website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract with any person or institution. Content on cedarcrest.edu is subject to change without notice.
California Privacy Policy
As a California resident you have the legal right to request from businesses with whom you have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as your name, address, email address and the type of Sites provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties.  To request the above information, please email us at website@cedarcrest.edu or mail your written request to the address below.
If you have questions or concerns about the Cedar Crest College website or policies, contact:
Marketing and Communications
Cedar Crest College
100 College Drive
Allentown, PA 18104
website@cedarcrest.edu
Video Center
There is so much happening at Cedar Crest College, and our students are at the center of it all! Head to the Video Center for student profiles, campus activities, and information about academic programs.
watch now ›
Virtual Tour
Explore where Cedar Crest College students live and learn by taking a virtual tour of our campus!
take the tour ›
request information
apply
visit our campus