http://www.chemeketa.edu/faculty-staff/policies-procedures-guidelines/college-relations/privacy/
breadcrumbs-home
chemeketa-community-college-abstract-logo
chemeketa-community-college-abstract-logo
50 Years Chemeketa Community College Logo
chemeketa-community-college-abstract-logo
cross
minus
plus
menu
search
oregon
chemeketa-instagram
chemeketa-logo
chemeketa-logo-full-color
envelope-o
star
check
close
home
chevron-left
chevron-right
plus2
chevron-up
chevron-down
twitter
facebook
envelope
linkedin
angle-left
angle-right
angle-up
angle-down
rotate-left
instagram
Jump to Header
Jump to Main Navigation and Secondary Navigation
Jump to main content
Jump to Footer
Protecting Your Personal Information
Chemeketa adheres to strict privacy standards.
Privacy
Chemeketa Community College is committed to respecting and maintaining the privacy of all users who visit our site. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet, we will only use that information to send you information that you have requested.
Children under the age of 13 may not submit personal information to Chemeketa through the Internet without written consent from their parents.
Chemeketa will use college-provided e-mail accounts to communicate business information to current and former students. There is no "opt-out" mechanism for such communications since email accounts are owned by the college and messages sent relate only to conducting business with Chemeketa. Students can expect to receive email messages about class cancellations, policy changes, account balances, special events or activities, academic recognition, instructor communication and other notices that relate to the relationship the student has with the college.
Chemeketa may periodically send email newsletters with updates about the college, but newsletters are only sent to those people who choose to receive them. If at any time you prefer to have your name removed from the email newsletter list contact us and we will remove it.
Personal information you submit through the Internet will not be sold or distributed outside the college for commercial purposes.
Chemeketa Community College's website contains links to other websites. Chemeketa is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked sites.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy