http://www.thevantagepoint.com/privacy
Home
Back
Search
Products
Support
Back
Product Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Upload a file for Technical Support
Downloads
Resources
Back
News
Library of VP Tools
Back
Import Filters
Scripts
Thesauri
Papers and Presentations
Back
Archives (through 2011)
Webinars
Contact Us
Login
Privacy Statement
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. Search Technology provides this notice to describe and explain our online information collection practices.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
You can visit our web site without disclosing any personal information.
There are times when we request personal information from you to respond to your inquiry or request. This personal information is your name, email address, company/institution, city/state/country, phone number, and whether you reside in the European Union. Personal information is obtained only when you voluntarily submit it. Some of the personal information is required to submit and process your inquiry or request.
When you activate one of our products, we record a unique fingerprint from your computer and the IP address to register the activation.
When you use our Downloads site, we record the login and downloads using your login name or product Registration Code and IP address.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information to contact you to provide the information or services you request.
If you request to trial, purchase, or download our products, we use your personal information to verify compliance with U.S. Export requirements.
If you "opt-in", we may use your personal information to send occasional emails or newsletters about our products and services. In this type of correspondence we will provide and honor an "opt-out" method.
We monitor and analyze downloads from our web site at the individual login name level or temporary-access-code level to ensure appropriate use.
We provide activation services for our products.
COOKIES AND HOW WE USE THEM
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website.
We use cookies to accumulate anonymous "visit" data in aggregate statistics to analyze how our web site is used and determine ways to improve it.
When you log in to our web site, you may “opt-in” to “Remember Me”.  This places a cookie on your computer that makes it easier the next time you log in.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
If there are changes to the terms of our online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here and update the revision date on this page.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using Search Technology's Web site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement.
May 30, 2018