http://www.early-advantage.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated December 1, 2006.
Early Advantage LLC, a Connecticut company which owns and operates the www.early-advantage.com web site. We care about the privacy of each user of our web site. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the www.Early-Advantage.com website. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact customerservice@early-advantage.com. You can also contact us via regular mail at: Early Advantage, P.O. Box 743, Fairfield, CT 06824.
Information Collection and Use
The www.early-advantage.com web site collects information from our users at several different points on our web site. When you use the web site, some basic, general information is collected. This general information is used internally in connection with our business to improve the web site, including our marketing and advertising efforts, and to make your use of the web site as enjoyable and efficient as possible.
When you set up an account on our web site or purchase an item from our web site, we collect personal information provided by you that may include your: (i) first and last name; (ii) billing address; (iii) shipping address; (iv) other shipping addresses; (v) email address; (vi) phone number; (vii) credit card account number; (viii) items purchased from us; and (ix) browsing, buying and selling patterns. We use this personal information in order to provide you with the goods and services that you purchase on our web site. We use your email address or mailing address to provide you with information about your order and its status and we may occasionally send out emails and mail, including newsletters and catalogs, to people who have placed an order online, with information about other goods and services available on our web site. Your phone number is used by us only in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you about an order you have placed.
Early Advantage LLC owns and operates the www.early-advantage.com web site and we are the sole owner of this information collected on the web site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to a third party in any way other than as disclosed in this privacy policy. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities and may, in our sole discretion, disclose personal information or other information to satisfy any law, regulation, subpoena, or government request. We reserve the right to release personal information or other information about users who we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in violation of our Terms of Service, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order, if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate our web site or to protect the rights or property of www.Early-Advantage.com, our affiliates, or our officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, suppliers, sponsors, or licensors. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities we reasonably believe in our sole discretion to be unlawful. If we are legally compelled to disclose information about you to a third party, we will attempt to notify you by sending an email to the email address in our records unless doing so would violate the law or unless you have not provided your email address to us.
Registration
To qualify for special offers on the www.early-advantage.com web site, a user may need to first complete a small registration form on the website. During registration, a user is required to give contact information, such as name and email address. This information is used to contact users about the services on our website for which they have indicated interest. While entering registration information into registration forms on the web site, personal information may be collected prior to the user clicking the submit button. Information collected in this manner may be used to contact users about their finished or unfinished transactions.
Orders
We request additional personal information from our users when placing an order on our web site. In completing our order form, a user must provide contact information, such as name and shipping address, and financial information, such as credit card account number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill our customer orders. If we experience difficulties processing an order, we will contact a user through this information. While entering information into user forms on the web site personal information may be collected prior to the user clicking the submit button. Information collected in this manner may be used to contact users about their finished or unfinished transactions.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Web sites create cookies to record information about a user's preferences, such as the items you add to your shopping cart, and for security purposes (see Security below). Cookies are also used to help us determine the various services you use and the support you may need, and to help us detect and solve any problems you may have while using our web site. In addition, the use of a cookie on our web site will enable users to log on without having to reenter their password on each visit. Most cookies expire after a certain time period (365 days for this website). If you wish, you may set your browser to reject all cookies. Cookies placed by www.early-advantage.com may be tied to personally identifiable information. Third party cookies are placed to facilitate your use of website. These cookies are placed by our partners and are not tied to any personally identifiable information.
Log Files
Like most websites, we use log files. These log files store information regarding IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser type, ISP (internet service provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. These log files are used to analyze trends, administer the web site, track users' movements in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for our use. IP addresses, etc. may be linked to personal information if you have placed an order or registred with www.early-advantage.com.
Sharing of General or Demographic Information
We may share aggregated, general or demographic information we collect about our users and their use of our web site with our partners and advertisers in a manner which does not identify any individual user. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders placed on our web site, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services purchased on our web site. These companies will not retain, share, store or use any of our user's personal information for any secondary purposes.
Links
The web site contains links to other web sites. We want you to be aware that when you click on such links which take you to a third-party web site, you will be subject to such third-party's privacy policies. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites and we expressly disclaim any and all liability for the actions of third-parties, including, without limitation, actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of personal information by such third-parties. We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our web site and enter a third-party web site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects their personal information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our web site.
Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to one of our e-bulletins, we will ask for contact information, such as name and email address. Users who wish to opt-out of our e-bulletins will be taken off our lists immediately (within 24-hours).
Send to a Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about a part of our web site, a form asks for the friend's name and email address. The form will automatically send the information to the friend via email. We do not store this information and the form is only used to send this one-time referral email. Web addresses embeded in the send to a friend email may contain specially encoded web addresses that provide non identifiable usage data to www.Early-Advantage.com.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use strong industry standard means to protect your personal information, like all internet sites, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
If you have any questions about the security of our web site, you can send an email to
customerservice@early-advantage.com
Communications from our Web Site
Customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and the e-bulletins. Each user has the option to not receive these types of communications.
Occasionally, it is necessary to send out service-related announcements. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email informing you of such a service interruption. Generally, users may not opt-out of receiving these service-related communications. In addition, we communicate with our users on a regular basis to provide requested services and regarding issues relating to their account via email.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our e-bulletins or other marketing and promotional materials from us or our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to any such promotional email indicating your desire to no longer receive such emails or by emailing
CustomerService@early-advantage.com
.
Collecting Information From Children Younger than 13
The www.Early-Advantage.com web site does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable parental consent.
Notification of Changes in Use of Information
Our privacy policy is subject to change. In the event of any change, we will provide notice of such change on our web site. If we want to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated to you at the time you provided such information to us, we will notify you of such change via email in addition to posting notification of such change on our web site. At such time, you can determine whether you wish to allow us to use your information in this different manner. If you have opted out of all communication with our web site or have deleted or deactivated your account with us, then you will not be contacted and your personal information will not be used.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or believe that the www.Early-Advantage.com web site is not abiding by our privacy policy, please contact our Customer Service department by email at customerservice@early-advantage.com. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe WatchDog Dispute Resolution Process.
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting us!
Back Home
×