http://www.cs.usu.edu/policies-forms/index.php
Skip to main content
SearchSearch USU
USU Home
A-Z Index
MyUSU
Directory
Toggle navigation
About
Department Overview
Welcome to USU Computer Science
Career Opportunities
Career Electives
FAQ
Contact
Additional Resources
Resources
Employment
Policies and Forms
Student Clubs
CS Coaching Center
Students
General
Program Enrollment
Code of Conduct
Frequently Asked Questions
Future Students
Student Clubs
Online Certificates
Certificate Overview
Undergraduate
Bachelor's Degree
Challenge by Exam
Courses Offered
CS Minor
CS Teaching Minor
5-Year BS/MS
Available Scholarships
Scholarship Application
Masters (MS)
Apply for Grad School
Admissions Requirements
Course Requirements & Program of Study Requirements
Courses Offered
Frequently Asked Questions
School of Graduate Studies
M.S. Data Science
Apply for Grad School
Admissions Requirements
Curriculum
Frequently Asked Questions
School of Graduate Studies
Distance-based Degree Opportunities
Apply for Grad School
Admissions Requirements
Course Requirements & Program of Study Requirements
Frequently Asked Questions
School of Graduate Studies
PhD
Apply for Grad School
Admissions Requirements
CS Preliminary Admission Application Form
Course Requirements
Examination Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
School of Graduate Studies
Advising
Research
Overview of Department Research
Recent Research funding
Faculty Research Interests
Standard Operating Procedures for COVID-19 Mitigation
People
Faculty
Staff
Temporary Instructors
Office hours
PhD Students
Industry Advisors
News
Assessment
Undergraduate Assessment
Graduate Assessment
Home
Policies and Forms
Policies and Forms
Code of Conduct for Computer Science ClassesRead this important message from our Department Head.
USU's Registrar's OfficeForms you need to change your major, petition for a late add, block directory information, request waivers, and make other requests.
Graduate Student Forms
Master's Proposal Approval Form
Committee Form for Plan A and B and PhD Students
Program of Study (MS and PhD)
Change Program of Study (MS and PhD)
Appointment for Examination Plan A, B, and PhD
Application for Candidacy
Record of Examination
Publication Guide
Copyright Form
Authorship Form
Thesis/Dissertation Format and Style Guide
Electronic Thesis/Dissertation Form
Theses/Dissertation Embargo Form
Committee Form for Plan C - See Kaitlyn Fjeldsted
Get help building your thesis or dissertation in LaTeX
How to use Electrical and Computer Engineering Dept.'s LaTeX template packageGet ECE's LaTeX example distribution package
International Graduate Students doing CPT must submit 2 forms (OGE and CS Dept.)
Office of Glogal Engagement's CPT Form
The Computer Science Department administers one open-access lab and a Tutor Lab for CS students. Please check the locations, times and policies below.
Lab Policies
Locations, hours, and policies concerning the open access computer lab run by the Computer Science Department.
Lab Safety
Links concerning safety rules in labs.
Coaching Policies
Location, hours, and policies concerning the free coaches available for students taking Computer Science courses.
Cheating Policy
The Computer Science Department's policy on cheating.
Co-op Policy
Information about policies pertaining to co-op courses (CS2250, CS4250 and CS6250).
Curricular Practical Training (CPT) Policy
Information about the Curricular Practical Training program.
CS Dept's CPT Forms -CS 2250, CS 4250, or CS 6250 | Cooperative Work Experience
Computer Science Co-operative Education Registration
This form must be filled out completely and the submitted form will be forwarded to Dr. Dyreson (internship director) and Myra Brown (undergraduate advisor) for processing. The salary information is required on a Federal report we must file.
All students who take this class must prepare a poster that provides an overview of their experience gained during the internship, however, you are not required to print the poster. A PPT schema for the poster or a Google Slides schema can be downloaded and modified with your picture and information about your internship.
Submit your completed poster as a PDF. For examples of completed posters, see the posters in the lobbies throughout the 4th floor of Old Main.
CS 4250 will be a letter grade unless otherwise changed. CS 6250 must be a Pass or Fail.
If it is impossible to contact the work supervisor by the last day of the final exam week, a grade of F will be submitted.
Generally, a student may register for one credit for each five hours a week of work that provides educational growth.However, only 3 credits can be used towards your degree.
Grades will be strongly influenced both by accomplishments and by the supervisor’s evaluation of skills and work habits.
If you have any questions concerning the suitability of your planned internship email Dr. Dyreson.
If you need advising help in integrating the internship into your program email Myra Brown.
If you see this don't fill out this input box.*What class are you registering for?
CS 2250
CS 4250
CS 6250 (Graduate)
*Full Name
*Email
*A Number
*Semester and Year
*Employer
*Work Supervisor
Supervisor's Phone Number
*Supervisor's Email
*Hours worked per week
*Weekly Salary $
*Credit Hours
*Grading Option
A-B-C-D-F
P-D-F
*Brief description of duties
*Projects undertaken during the semester
Signature
Signature
*Full Name (Signature)
Privacy Notice
Submit
Form for CS 4950, CS 5950, CS 6950, or CS 7950
Undergraduate Research / Independent Study / Reading & Reports
This form MUST be completed before registration will be allowed. Students not completing the form prior to registration will be dropped from the registration roster.
All work MUST be completed by the end of the semester. Incomplete grades will only be given after demonstrating needs according to University policy.
Generally, Undergraduate/Graduate Research involves study and mastery of a body of advanced material, which is NOT offered in any of our current courses.
Your report should be adequate to show your mastery of the material studied. This class can only be taken for three credits at a time. MS students and PhD students with a prior MS are only allowed to include three credits on their POS. PhD students without an MS are only allowed to take six credits.
If you see this don't fill out this input box.*What class are you reporting for?
CS 4950 Undergraduate Research
CS 5950 Independent Study
CS 6950 Directed Readings in Computer Science
CS 7950 Reading and Reports
*Full Name
*A Number
*Email Address
*Semester
*Year
*Brief description of work to be completed
*Grading Criteria
*Supervising professor's name
*Supervising professor's email
Privacy Notice
Submit
Home
College of Science
Contact Us
Computer ScienceUtah State University4205 Old Main Hill Logan, UT 84322-4205
Program is accredited by: The Computing Accreditation Commission of ABET
Welcome
Faculty
USU Map
© Utah State University
Privacy
Safety
Accessibility
Non-discrimination
Website Feedback
Admin