http://www.jostens.com/help/
Skip to main content
Home
Help
Help Center
Help Center
Help Search
Order Help
Order Information & Status
Order status and information on orders placed online, in-person, by phone, or mail.
Return, Change, or Cancel
Order changes and cancellations vary by product
Shipping & Delivery Times
Estimated delivery and shipping times vary by product and manufacturing time.
Payment Options
Jostens offers a variety of pay in full and payment plan options
Sales Tax
Sales tax varies depending on shipping address and is calculated during secure checkout.
Address Tips
Tips for providing accurate shipping and billing addresses.
How to Shop & Order
How to maximize your personalized shopping experience.
Technical Help - Yearbook Ads
Information on additional technical questions.
Product Help
Product Information
Specific information about each of Jostens' products.
Yearbook Information
Information on High School and College Yearbooks.
Yearbook Ads
A step-by-step guide to help you create your yearbook ads.
Jewelry Protection & Loss
Extended Protection gives you coverage from loss or theft for 10 years.
Yearbook Protection & Loss
By purchasing a Jostens Yearbook Protection Plan™, Jostens will provide you with a one-time replacement yearbook.
Warranty & Repair Information
Jewelry needing repair can be returned to your Jostens Sales Representative. Learn more about the process.
Ring Sizing Information
Get help sizing your ring with all the information you may need.
Announcement Guide
Complete your Official School Announcements with all the key items in 6 simple steps. See how here.
FAQS
Where can I find my warranty information?
We have tailored warranty plans for each of our products. Visit our Warranty Information page to learn more about your Jostens product.
Are orders delayed?
You may experience delays as we have implemented social distancing guidelines and this may slow down processing. Many of our products are custom-made just for you. Delivery times can include manufacturing time plus delivery time. Read more about shipping and delivery.
Will Jostens still be delivering orders to my school?
We are working closely with your school to coordinate a delivery time that works for your school and complies with local social distancing guidelines. Your order status will be updated with the new delivery details as soon as they are finalized.
Which browser offers the best experience of your site?
Jostens.com uses cookies to customize and improve your experience while using our site. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will not share your personal details without your consent.
How do I get my ring repaired?
If your ring needs repairing, please contact your Jostens sales representative or mail it directly to us. Visit our Warranty Information page for more details.
How can I get a catalog and a ring sizer?
We'd love to send you the latest Jostens ring catalog and ring sizer so you can confidently order the ring that's right for you. Please fill out this form and we'll send you one directly.
Why can't I find my school or group?
Try removing abbreviations and instead search your school or group keywords, like "Jefferson" instead of "Jefferson High School." If you are still unable to locate your school or group, please contact your Jostens representative.
What payment options are available?
We have many easy ways to pay and process your payment. For more details see payment options.
Do you really keep a list of lost class rings?
Yes, we do! Is your lost class ring on the list? Visit our Jostens Found Class Rings Page to find out.
What if my Graduation Announcement displays the wrong text?
Your Grad Announcements and Accessories are custom products, therefore changes or cancellations are not accepted after your order has been submitted and the receipt has displayed on your screen. If any of your products arrive damaged or defective, please e-mail us or contact us by phone.
Find My School/Group
Select my school/group to view custom products and pricing.
School/Group Name
City
State
Country
Showing 0-0 of 0 results
Can't find your school/group?
Try this:
Try using fewer words. Use "Jefferson" instead of "Jefferson High School" or "Thomas" instead of "St. Thomas."
If you're still not able to find your school/group, please contact Customer Service.
For international schools, please select your country here.
Please note: If your school or group has closed, you will not be able to locate it on our website.
Back
Next
Remove School Affiliation
Search
Search Query
Search
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.