http://www.ssw.umaryland.edu/about-the-ssw/privacy-disclaimer/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
About the SSW
HomeAbout the SSWPrivacy Disclaimer
About BaltimoreBoard of AdvisorsContacting UsLocationsMission & OutcomesNovel Coronavirus (COVID-19)Office of CommunicationsOffice of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Title IX
Diversity, ADA, and Affirmative Action
Privacy DisclaimerSchool LeadershipSSW NewsSSW RespondsStrategic Plan
Education
Community Impact
Research
Diversity
The Profession
Financial Resources
Metrics
UMB
Privacy Disclaimer
Notwithstanding any language to the contrary, nothing contained on an official School of Social Work Website constitutes nor is intended to constitute an offer, inducement, promise, or contract of any kind. The data contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not represented to be error free. Any links to non-University of Maryland information are provided as a courtesy. They are not intended to nor do they constitute an endorsement by the University of Maryland of the linked materials.
Personal Information: University of Maryland School of Social Work does not routinely collect personal information on our web site. Where such information is collected it is not shared outside the school and is only used for the purpose for which it was requested. Any exceptions to this policy are explicitly and clearly noted when the information is collected.
Cookies: Some pages on the University of Maryland School of Social Work web site may set cookies on your web browser. These cookies are used to enable the site to remember what you have previously done during that visit, and are retained for the duration of one visit only.
The University of Maryland, Baltimore is the founding campus of the University System of Maryland.
620 W. Lexington St., Baltimore, MD 21201 | 410-706-3100 ©
2019-2020 University of Maryland, Baltimore. All rights reserved.
back to top
© 2018-2019 University of Maryland School of Social Work. All rights reserved.
Hotline
Mobile UMB
Privacy
Site Map
Solutions
UMB
Web Accessibility
Disability Services