http://www.royalarmouries.org/about-us/governance/policies/website-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
Website terms and conditions Please read these user conditions carefully. They set out the terms under which this website, operated by the Royal Armouries, together with the content, search facilities, directory services, downloads, links and other internet services provided by the Royal Armouries from time to time, is made available to you.
By accessing the website you agree to be bound by these conditions and this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
Disclaimer
Information held on the website is by nature ephemeral and it may change without notice. While every effort has been made to check the content of the site, the Board of Trustees cannot guarantee the accuracy or currency of the information contained within it.
Copyright
Read our website and copyright use statement.
Read our copyright policy (pdf, 93 KB)
Links disclaimer
Links within this website may lead to other sites. The Board of Trustees of the Armouries does not necessarily endorse or approve any views or information supplied in those sites.
Links to this website from other websites providing the links do not imply endorsement of third party goods or services by Royal Armouries, imply affiliation with third parties where none exists, or
otherwise mislead users.
Data protection and privacy statement
All personal data is held and processed by Royal Armouries Museum in accordance with all current legislation relating to data protection and the database is registered under the terms of the 1998 Data Protection Act. Royal Armouries will only use personal data for the purpose for which you provide it and will not pass it to any other parties without your permission.
Any third party accessing the Royal Armouries Website must also use data taken from this source in accordance with the 1998 Data Protection Act. Data may NOT be used for commercial purposes.
Read our Data Protection Policy (pdf, 65 KB)
Read our Privacy statement: Website (pdf, KB)
General statement
While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information and copyright of material on this website, any and all liability which might arise from your use of and reliance on the information
contained on the website is excluded.
Use of Images of Children
All promotional pictures of children used within Royal Armouries website, e-communications or printed materials have been taken with the permission of the parent or guardian. As part of the permission agreement, they have provided consent for their images to be used within Royal Armouries promotional campaigns.
Read our Safeguarding policy (pdf, 107 KB)
Alternative communication formats
Please contact us if you require any of our downloadable documents in an alternative format.
TweetShareReddit
Share:
TweetShareReddit
Close this module
Coronavirus (Covid-19) Fort Nelson is open.The White Tower is open.The Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds remains closed.More information