https://www.mst.edu/privacy-policy/
Miner150
Events
A-Z Index
Find People
Map
Missouri S&T - 150 Years
Missouri S&T - 150 Years
Apply
Visit
Give
Future Students
Current Students
Alumni
Faculty and Staff
All of Missouri S&T
Just this site
Explore S&T
Apply
Visit
Give
Future Students
Current Students
Alumni
Faculty and Staff
Miner150
Events
A-Z Index
Find People
Map
Dig Deeper
Admissions
Academics
Research
Campus Life
Athletics
Administration
Privacy Policy
www » www.mst.edu » Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at mst.edu. By using the website, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. These practices may be updated. Changes to policy will not apply retroactively.
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you follow a link on this site to another website, or view content embedded from another site, please review the privacy policies posted on those sites.
Non-personal information
Missouri S&T collects non-personal information about your Internet connection on its websites, including but not limited to the following:
your public IP address, estimated location, and Internet Service Provider name
the IP address and URL of the referrer linking you to this website
the date, time, and duration of your access
pages you visited and actions you performed
openly reported attributes of your viewing device
search terms you typed into our search engines
Missouri S&T uses this non-personal information to help manage the website and improve user experience.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Missouri S&T uses Google Analytics to gather statistics about website traffic. Cookies or tracking pixels are used for various purposes within websites to gather information and facilitate navigation. Missouri S&T websites use cookies or tracking pixels for remarketing. For more information, read Google Analytic’s privacy policy
Personally Identifiable Information
You may submit registration information on Missouri S&T websites. We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. Our online forms should indicate the information that is required and the information that is optional - you do not have to complete any “optional” fields on a form. However, to be able to submit an online form, you must supply the required information. Providing personal information online will always be your choice. The personal information that you supply will not be sold to others.
Social Media Platforms
If you choose to connect to our website through a social network such as Facebook, we may automatically collect your profile information. This helps with the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the website. Learn more about Facebook’s privacy policy here.
Email
If you email Missouri S&T, the message will usually contain your return address. If you include personal information in your email, we may use that information in responding to your request. Email is not necessarily secure or confidential. Send only the information that is necessary for us to answer your question or process your request.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) protecting against or preventing actual or potential fraud, or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud that has already taken place.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents, and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this website will allow you to opt out of further mailings in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, you may contact us at webmaster@mst.edu.This privacy policy complies with Missouri statutes, the California Consumer Privacy Act and United States Federal regulations. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Missouri University of Science and Technology
Dig Deeper
Admissions
Academics
Research
Campus Life
Athletics
Administration
Missouri S&T, Rolla, MO 65409 |
573-341-4111 |
800-522-0938 | Contact Us
Accreditation |
Consumer Information |
Our Brand |
Disability Support
News and Events
Events Calendar
Campus News
Student News
Research News
Residential Life
Residence Halls
Dining Options
Residence Hall Rates
Apply for Housing
Involvement
Organizations
Fraternities / Sororities
Volunteerism
Find Your Fit
Student Resources
Registrar
Cashier's Office
Career Opportunities
Student Parking
Online Resources
Library
JoeSS
Canvas
S&T Email
Human Resources
Work at S&T
Flexible Work Arrangements
myHR
HR Updates
Help and Safety
Campus Police
Health and Wellbeing
IT Help Desk
S&T Alert
Administration
Provost
Strategic Plan
Press Releases
Official Policies
Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
Linked In
Twitter
Youtube
#MINER150
© 2020 - Curators of the University of Missouri | UM System | Privacy Policy | Terminalfour
Missouri S&T is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education
programs or activities, pursuant to Title IX and 34 CFR Part 106. For more information, see S&T's Nondiscrimination Policy or Equity and Title IX.