http://www.corexcel.com/html/privacy-policy.htm
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines how Corexcel collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from www.corexcel.com website visitors. This privacy policy applies to the website and all products and services offered by Corexcel.
Your privacy is extremely important to us. When you provide information using one of our websites, we store it securely and keep only the information needed for the purpose(s) intended.
We do not share your information with 3rd parties except for a few select partners. Our partners help us deliver the products and services listed on our websites. They also help us to improve upon user experience and to deliver important messages via email. Examples of select partners include Google Analytics, FedEx and USPS.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by third-party websites which may be accessible from corexcel.com. The information collected or received by third-party services is subject to their individual privacy policies.
Personal Identification Information
We collect personal identification information from our visitors in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users place an order, subscribe to our mailing list, respond to surveys or submit forms. However, you may visit our site anonymously. We will only collect personal identification information from visitors if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Visitors may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. Visitors may always refuse to supply personal identification information, except in cases where it would prevent them from engaging in certain site-related activities (e.g. completing a purchase).
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about visitors whenever they interact with our site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about the way a user connects to our site, such as the operating system, Internet service provider utilized or other similar information.
Cookies
Corexcel and its partners use cookies to collect website usage data and to improve user experience. Cookies are commonly used by most of the websites in existence today. They are small data files transferred to your computer's hard disk. Certain sections of our website use both session cookies and persistent cookies to see how people use our website as well as for authentication (logins). The primary purpose is to improve the experience when you visit our website.
Corexcel also uses third party cookies for shopping cart functions and for marketing. Some examples include:
Google Analytics (click to opt out)
Google Ads (click to opt out)
Facebook (click to opt out)
Trust Pilot (click to opt out)
Twitter (learn more)
Residents of the EU can deactivate specific third party cookies through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA): https://www.youronlinechoices.com
Today most web browsers default to accepting cookies. You can change the settings in your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from a website. Should you choose to disable cookies, keep in mind that some of the functionality on our website may be affected. You may be prompted with Access Denied messages when trying to login to a course or to complete an assessment. You may also experience problems while trying to make purchases. If you disable cookies and experience problems with the website, we recommend re-enabling cookies, performing the activity causing problems then disabling cookies again when finished.
Visit https://www.aboutcookies.com to learn more about cookies and how to manage them across various web browsers.
Web Agents
Corexcel prohibits the use of automated web agents, spiders, crawlers and screen scrapers to access our content for redistribution, re-sale or marketing purposes.
How We Use Information Collected
The information we collect from our website visitors is used for regular business operations, improving services and for marketing. Review the situations below to see how we use the information we collect.
I visit one of your websites.
When you visit one of our websites we collect usage information and log data.
The information is used to create analytics reports which are used to improve our website(s) and the experience for our visitors. To compute the statistics used in these reports, usage information and log data are also shared with our analytics providers. Example: Google Analytics.
We also use log data to combat attacks against our web server or the applications we provide on our website(s).
I subscribe to your mailing list.
Corexcel’s mailing list is used to disseminate information including, but not limited, to office closures, holiday hours, price adjustments, webinar announcements and special offers.
When you subscribe to Corexcel’s mailing list, limited contact information (name & email address), is stored on our third party mailing partner’s servers. This process happens automatically when you submit the subscription form. Each mailing list email contains an option to opt out. You give us explicit consent to continue sending emails to you if you choose not to opt out.
I submit a form through your website.
Forms on Corexcel’s website are used to help customers with specific issues or requests. Examples are our contact form which people use to ask questions or request additional information. Another example is our Onsite DiSC Training request form. This form is used to collect basic details about a program you would like to offer in the future and contact information.
When you submit a form through Corexcel’s website the information is stored on our web server. Your name and email address are also transmitted to our email service provider so you can be added to our mailing list. The results of your form submission are also emailed to our service team so they can respond to your request.
I comment or register for your blog.
Corexcel's blog includes tips, tools and resources that relate to the products and services we offer. To comment on our blog, we require your name and email address (contact information). We use this information to validate visitors and to notify you if someone replies to your comment. However, you must opt in to allow us to store your name and email address in a cookie on your computer. A checkbox is included so you can do this while submitting your comment.
When you opt in, a cookie is saved to your computer with your information. The cookie ties your information to your comment. This information is stored on your computer which gives you total control over how long the information is stored. To remove the information, simply delete the cookies on your computer.
I purchase an online product or course from Corexcel.
Payments made through Corexcel.com for online courses, assessments or training materials are processed through our shopping cart which is provided by a 3rd party processor. Our shopping cart vendor sends the information you provide (contact information, account information and billing and payment details) to our payment gateway who works with various banks to process the payment. Your data is stored on our shopping cart vendor's servers. We regularly download this data and delete it from our shopping cart vendor’s servers. This process occurs at least once every four weeks.
We use Trustpilot to send online review requests. Your contact information (name & email) is passed to Trustpilot so these review invitations can be sent.
I submit a post-activity evaluation feedback form.
As part of our accreditation guidelines, we are required to evaluate learning activities we offer. We use online forms to make this process as convenient as possible for our users.
When you submit a post-activity evaluation feedback form, your name, email address, IP address and comments (contact information & account information) are stored on our web server. An email is sent with the same information to our service team. Evaluation records are summarized and destroyed on a semi-annual basis. No personally identifiable information is kept once the summary is completed.
Protecting Information
Corexcel, and its authorized partners, take every appropriate measure to protect your information. We adopt strict data collection techniques, storage methods, processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving financial data on our website. This information is passed through SSL/TLS secured communication channels where it is encrypted and secured with digital signatures. Corexcel.com is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure an environment as possible for our website visitors.
All information provided or collected by Corexcel, or its partners, will not be retained any longer than permitted to meet our obligations, deliver products or communicate with our customers. We only allow authorized personnel to access your personal information.
Information Sharing
We do not share our visitor’s information or data with third parties except for limited situations (as outlined in the section How We Use Information Collected):
Tracking website usage to generate reports, improve the website and to track which pages are generating sales (conversions)
Allowing our customers to pay for our courses, assessments, training materials and services
Communicating with website visitors and customers
Managing our customer service efforts
We only work with partners who have an equally strong commitment to protecting information. When it’s applicable, we execute Data Processing Agreements (DPA), Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDA) and other confidentiality/security agreements with these partners. A thorough review process is completed before choosing a partner.
We will share information with the appropriate governmental authorities when we are required to do so by law.
Data Retention
Data shared directly with Corexcel remains under the control of Corexcel. We utilize third party backup services where personal data may be part of the backup set. In these situations, the accounts are protected using strong authentication techniques and industry standard encryption. Only authorized personnel can access our backup sets.
Due to accreditation guidelines set forth by the American Nurses Credentialing Center’s Commission on Accreditation (ANCC) and the International Accreditors for Continuing Education and Training (IACET), we are required to keep student records for at least seven years. In the interest of the student, we keep these records indefinitely. This is so students can request transcripts or duplicate certificates well after they’ve completed a course.
Non-identifying information is removed after a period of time. In a few limited situations, some of the information we collect must be kept indefinitely due to legal requirements.
The sections below outline our data retention practices for each type of information.
Usage Information
Personally identifiable usage information is shared with Google Analytics for 38 months from your last visit to our website.
Log Data
Log data is stored on our web servers for six months.
Log data is shared with Google Analytics for 38 months from your last visit to our website.
Log data that is part of our backup set is kept until the backup set is deleted from the rotation. Typically, this is six months from the date the backup was created but may be longer in some situations.
Contact Information
Contact information used to subscribe to our mailing list is kept until subscription cancellation.
Contact information submitted through one of the forms on our website is kept indefinitely.
Contact information submitted while making a purchase, taking a course, or completing an assessment, is kept indefinitely. This information is removed from our shopping cart vendor's servers within 45 days of making a purchase.
Contact information shared with CE Broker, a required third-party reporting CE service, is stored on CE Broker’s servers in line with their data retention policies. Unfortunately, while we have a legal obligation to submit completion information to CE Broker, we do not have control over the data once it has been submitted. Please see CE Broker’s Privacy Notice for more information on their data retention practices.
Contact information transmitted to Trustpilot’s online review system is kept indefinitely. See Trustpilot’s Privacy Policy for additional information on their data retention practices.
Account Information
Account information is kept indefinitely in the following systems:
EPIC Platform
PAC Platform
Nurses Learning Network LMS
MindEdge Learning Platform
Vital Learning LMS
Cengage Learning's MindTap Platform
Corexcel's Student Record Keeping System
These systems are used to allow customers to access their courses, assessments and other learning materials. They also allow customers to review their course or assessment history. You may request to have your information removed from these systems by sending a written request to Corexcel, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 3411 Silverside Road, 201 Webster Building, Wilmington, DE 19810, United States of America.
Account information, stored on our shopping cart vendor’s servers, is removed within 45 days of making a purchase.
Account information stored in PayPal or Authorize.net is stored indefinitely.
Billing Information & Payment Details
Billing information, stored on our shopping cart vendor’s servers, is removed within 45 days of making a purchase.
Some billing information is kept indefinitely due to legal obligations. This information cannot be removed because it is part of our required historical accounting records.
Credit card numbers and expiration dates are not stored unless a customer specifically requests that we keep them for convenient ordering processing or recurring payment contracts. In these situations, the credit card numbers are secured behind strong authentication protocols. Access to this information is limited to key personnel.
Correcting Information
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you. Your request should be submitted in writing to Corexcel, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 3411 Silverside Road, 201 Webster Building, Wilmington, DE 19810, United States of America.
Children's Privacy
Protecting children’s privacy is extremely important to us. We never collect or maintain information from visitors we know to be under 13. Corexcel's websites are primarily geared to adult learners. They are not designed to attract young children.
Privacy Policy Changes
Corexcel has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage visitors to check this page for any changes or to stay informed about how we are working to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Acceptance of Terms
By using our site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Notification of Changes
When this policy is updated, an update notice is sent via email to our mailing list. This notification will describe the change(s) and how the change(s) may impact you, or your use, of our website. To ensure you receive these notifications, join our mailing list. Email notifications will only be sent when significant changes are made to the privacy policy. Spelling and/or grammatical corrections will not trigger the notification process.
Contacting Corexcel
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information below:
3411 Silverside Road
201 Webster Building
Wilmington, DE 19810
1-888-658-6641 (inside the U.S. only)
1-302-477-9730 (local & outside the U.S.)
1-302-477-9744 Fax
Or feel free to send us an email through our contact form.
Policy Last Updated: August 18, 2020.
143 reviews
1-888-658-6641
Search Corexcel
Toggle navigation
Skip to Main Content
Home
Profiles & Assessments
PXT Select Hiring Assessment
DiSC Classic Profiles
Everything DiSC Profiles
Workplace
Management
Agile EQ
Productive Conflict
Sales
363 for Leaders
All Everything DiSC Profiles
Team Assessments
Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team
Team Dimensions
EPIC Credits
All Profiles & Assessments
Online Courses
Medical & Scientific
Anatomy & Physiology Course
Medical Terminology Course
Microbiology
ICD-10 Medical Coding
Introduction to ECG
Nursing CEUs
Course Catalog
CEUs & Contact Hours
Business Skills
Finance
HR Management
Leadership
Marketing
Nonprofit Management
All Business Skills Courses
Certificate Programs
Business Communications
Cyber Security
Data Analytics
Digital Marketing
All Certificate Programs
Online DiSC Certification
Training
Certifications
Everything DiSC Certifications - Onsite
Everything DiSC Certifications - Virtual
Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team
Training Kits
About
About Corexcel
Blog
Questions
Contact Information
Articles & Press
Skip to Main Content