http://www.webster.ac.at/data-privacy/index.html
Webster Vienna Privacy, Cookie and GDPR Information | Webster Vienna Private University
Request More Info
Search
Search
Apply Now
Search Site
Request Info
NavigationNavigation
About
Admissions
Academics
Campus Life
News & Events
Contact
About
Admissions
Academics
Campus Life
News & Events
Contact
Worldwide Locations Map
Search
Campus Locations List
Home
Webster Vienna Privacy, Cookie And Gdpr Information
Webster Vienna Privacy, Cookie and GDPR Information
Privacy Statement »
Cookie Policy »
GDPR Compliance and Privacy Notices
Your privacy is important to us and we take the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other relevant privacy regulations seriously. It is our goal to be sensitive
and respectful of your personal information and to adhere to all facets of the GDPR
regulation. Please be aware that all personal data you provide are subject to our
Privacy Notices.
We have created Privacy Notices for our main constituents that reflect our commitment
to transparency and best practice when it comes to handling your personal data. In
the Notices, we outline how we collect your data, why we collect your data, when we
share your data, and inform you of your rights with regard to access, deletion and
the ability to update that data.
We strongly encourage you to read our Privacy Notices in its entirety to understand
Webster’s privacy practices in advance of submitting any personal information to us.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notices or any of our related privacy
policies, please do not hesitate to contact the campus Privacy Manager or Webster’s
Office of Privacy and Information Security by phone or email using the contact details provided at the end of this page.
Privacy Notices
Student Privacy Notice
Alumni and Friends Privacy Notice
Employee, Adjunct Faculty, and Employee Applicant Privacy Notice
Webster Vienna Facebook Privacy Notice
More Information
If you have questions about our Privacy Notices, our cookie policy, privacy practices,
or any other aspect of your privacy and the security of your personal information,
please contact our Privacy Manager by phone (+43 269 9293 0) or email gdpr[at]webster.ac.at.
You may also write to us at:
Webster Vienna Private UniversityPrivacy Manager
Ms. Edna Schick-Bodric, MA
Palais Wenkheim Praterstr. 23, 1020 Vienna, Austria
Tel. +43 12 699 293 -0
gdpr[at]webster.ac.at
Webster UniversityOffice of Privacy and Information SecurityInformation Security
(314) 246-7051
iso[at]webster.edu
Privacy
cro[at]webster.edu
Website Privacy Statement
Cookies
Student Privacy Notice
Alumni and Friends Privacy Notice
Employee, Adjunct Faculty, and Employee Applicant Privacy Notice
Facebook Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Statement
Cookies
Student Privacy Notice
Alumni and Friends Privacy Notice
Employee, Adjunct Faculty, and Employee Applicant Privacy Notice
Facebook Privacy Notice
SHARE THIS PAGE:
Webster Vienna Private University Palais Wenkheim Praterstr. 23, 1020 Vienna, Austria info@webster.ac.at | +43 (0)1 - 269 92 93 - 0
© 2020 Webster University
2020 Opening Hours: Monday – Thursday 8:00am -10:00pm | Friday 8:00am-7:30pm
Webster Worldwide
Job Opportunities
Impressum
Sitemap
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Flickr
Information For:
Current Students
Faculty
Alumni
Employers
Donors
Data Privacy
Connections Login
Directory
Information for:
Task navigation
©