http://www.thereadingclinic.com/privacy-policy/
MENU
Tutoring
Reading
Reading Readiness
Fluency
Reading and Spelling
Expression
Comprehension
Writing
Study Skills
Assessments
Educational Assessments
Measureable Improvements
Learning Differences
Dyslexia Help and Tutoring
ADD/ADHD Tutoring and Help
Support for Learning Differences
Asperger’s and Autism Tutor
Learning Disabilities Help
Blog
Resources
Contact Us
Home
Our Philosphy
Privacy Policy
About Us
FAQs
Selecting Tutoring Program
Our Philosphy
Our Programs
Our Location
Los Altos
Saratoga
Our Locations
Home   Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.TheReadingClinic.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (800)790-5302 or via email at info@thereadingclinic.com.
Contact Us!
EventsNo events to show
Our ProgramsReading Readiness – Setting the Stage to Read
Reading Tutoring
Reading Comprehension
Expression
Writing Tutor | Writing with Ease Program
Study Skills
FAQ
Latest News
Myth #1: You need to wait until 2nd or 3rd grade to see if your child will learn to read.
July 2, 2014
Myth #4: Smart kids will figure out how to read.
July 2, 2014
Myth #3: Reading to your child will teach them how to learn to read.
July 2, 2014
Categories ADD/ADHDDyslexiaEventsLanguage-Based Learning DisabilitiesMath DisabilityOtherReading ComprehensionTutoring
Contact12770 Saratoga Ave
Saratoga, CA 95070
info@thereadingclinic.com
Map It!
Get Social With Us
Back to Top
©2012 The Reading Clinic. Protected by Copyscape