http://www.ariadne.ac.uk/privacy-statement
This is a privacy statement disclosing our information-gathering practices for this Ariadne Web site.
If you have any queries about this statement, please contact us via our contact form
Personal data
All personal data is collected and stored in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We collect the following data:
click stream data (the type of computer and browsing software you use, the address of the Web site from which you linked, etc)
HTTP protocol elements (your computer’s address, date and time of visit, etc)
search terms
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Web site and system administration
research and development
This data is collected from all Web users. Web access logs are used for statistical purposes only (eg to measure the use and performance of the site) except in the event of a security breach, when logs could be used for the purpose of tracing the breach. No information gathered from server logs is given or sold to any third party.
Any personal information that you provide to us will only be used for the purpose stated at the time we request it. This information will not be disclosed to a third party except where authorised by you or as otherwise permitted by the Data Protection Act.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website; they can facilitate communication and interaction with a site. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences, but this may interfere with some of the functionality of the site.
Our site does not currently set any cookies for most users.
In rare cases where cookies are set by our site, these are used for the following purposes:
improving administrative use of this site (for example, by the editor and by those administrating its content)
research and development
Our site uses code supplied by Google Analytics to help evaluate overall site usage, and this code may set cookies unless your browser settings have specifically requested these are not set.
In setting up Google Analytics, we protect user identities by using the ‘anonymous’ option that does not include the full IP addresses of visitors to our site.
E-mail contact
We collect the following information for the completion and support of editorial activities:
online contact information
messages to the editor
In all cases, we only use this information for the stated purpose for which it was provided.