https://www.ram.ac.uk/terms-conditions
Jump to main navigation
Jump to main content
Home
Accessibility Statement
Royal Academy of Music
Open search
Toggle menu
Back
Study
Course finder
Departments
About our courses
Open Day Home
How to apply
Audition
Fees, scholarships and bursaries
Why study at the Academy?
Exchanges
Artist Development
Back
Student Life
Students' Union
Living in London
Accommodation
Visas and immigration
Wellbeing and support
Term dates
International students
Back
What's On
Travelling to the Academy
Access
Attending events
Sign up to our mailing list
All events
Back
Recordings
Semele
P
L
A
Y
Play video
Semele
View all Recordings
Back
Alumni
Meet our alumni
Alumni benefits
Get involved
Alumni Portal
Support the Academy
About Us
Museum
News
People
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
vimeo
wechat
Enter your search
Close header search
Submit search
Explore Terms and conditions
Legal notices
This is the website of the Royal Academy of Music. This website contains proprietary notices and copyright information and by using this website, the User agrees to be bound by our Terms and Conditions of Use, as set out here.
Cookies
Cookies are means by which information about your internet activity (in relation to our website) is recorded on your hard drive and used by us to help estimate information such as audience size and usage patterns. Please read how we manage cookie data in our privacy section.
The Academy’s online Box Service uses an encrypted first-party cookie to enable you to book tickets. This single cookie is not used for analytics, nor to store personal information of any kind. The cookie is deleted when you check out or close your browser.
You can also adjust your internet browser settings to not accept cookies if you do not wish us to use cookies when you visit our website. This should not affect your use of the site, unless you are booking tickets using our online Box Office.
Website Accessibility
The Royal Academy of Music is committed to making its website accessible, in accordance with the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018.
This website is partially compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard, and we are working on making the site fully complaint. We are taking an agile approach to the ongoing development of our website and as such these issues will be identified and fixed through continuous updates.
To read our full statement please see our accessibility page.
Disclaimer
The Royal Academy of Music is committed to the highest standard and quality of information and every attempt has been made to present up-to-date, accurate information. We give no warranty as to the accuracy of the information on this website and accept no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused as a result of reliance on such information.
Although the Royal Academy of Music takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the information provided to it from third parties is accurate and not defamatory or offensive, it cannot control the content or take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers or linked pages.
Use
You may use our website for personal and non-commercial use and non-commercial educational use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any content obtained from our website without permission.
Security
The User assumes full responsibility for the protection of his/her computer system including computer hardware software and stored data on her/his computer system including hardware software and stored data of third parties who may access or be otherwise connected to the User’s computer system. The User will assume the responsibility of ensuring that program or other data downloaded or otherwise received from this website are free from viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature.
Data Protection
We recognise that your privacy is important. The Royal Academy of Music processes data in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act (1998), the Academy’s Data Protection Policy and any replacement laws, and, from May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Academy will never share your personal information with a third party without your consent; please see our privacy section for more information.
Notice and Take Down Policy
It is the policy of the Royal Academy of Music to immediately suspend access to content that is subject to complaint while that complaint is verified. This is also in accordance with the Electronic Communications Act 2000 and EU Copyright Directive 2001. For more details please go to our Notice and Take Down Policy web page.