http://www.keele.ac.uk/privacy
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Privacy and cookies
Keele University is committed to ensuring visitors’ privacy whilst viewing University web pages. This page explains the types of data collected and how this information will be used.
Keele University web servers automatically log each visit that they receive. This data contains the IP address you are connecting from and the page or service you are requesting. It also records the date and time of the request and details of the browser being used.
Keele University may also collect personal information supplied through the use of online forms and surveys. This information will not be supplied to any third parties, and will only be used for subsequent communications, if indicated by you, the user, at the time of submission.
The data will be kept for no longer than is required and in compliance with DPA and GDPR.
In submitting your personal information online, you are agreeing that University staff may use your details for the sole purpose of conducting the business of the University. If at anytime you no longer wish to receive any information from Keele University, please respond to any email and state that you wish to ‘unsubscribe’.
If you contact Keele University by email, we keep a record of that correspondence for the purpose of conducting University business. We do not add any email addresses of those who communicate with the University through email to any mailing databases, nor do we pass this to any third party unless expressly stated.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small, often encrypted text file, which our website can send to your browser. It may then be stored on your computer, and can be accessed by our web server. Cookie data can then be retrieved and allow us to customise our web pages and services accordingly.
Cookies enable us to collect anonymous information, like the IP address of your computer, the browser software used, the operating system, access times and pages visited. We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information (PII) about you. It's also important to clarify that cookies do not collect any personal data stored on your hard drive or computer. To find out more about cookies, visit all aboutcookies.org.
We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience.
For information on how to control your cookie settings and browser settings, or how to delete cookies on your hard drive, please visit aboutcookies.org.
A useful tool that will enable you to control many third party tracking cookies can be found at the Network Advertising Initiative.
Should you choose to disable, reject or block our cookies, some parts of our website may not function fully.
The Keele University website (keele.ac.uk) uses:
Persistent cookies - these are used to allow the website to recognise users when they return to the site and to remember certain information about their preferences. These cookies are cookies which stay on your computer permanently, until you ‘manually’ delete them
Session cookies - these are used in order to allow customers to carry information across pages of the website, without having to re-enter such information. These cookies delete themselves automatically when you leave a website and go to another, or when you shut down your browser
Third-party cookies - these are used by our partners, or are used by external content from other third-party websites within our website. These include sites such as Facebook and Twitter, whose cookie usage policy are available to view on their own websites. Keele University has no control or liability over these cookies set, so you should check the relevant third party's cookie policy for more information.
None of the technologies used are able to collect PII and in most cases the data collected is stored securely on a provider’s server permitting no direct access.
For a full list of cookies used on the Keele website, please visit the Keele University cookie declaration page.
Other University services such as CMS, eVision, Blackboard, webmail may use cookies that are strictly necessary in order for the service to function correctly.
View cookie declaration