https://www.whitmoreschool.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Compuhigh LLC. understands the importance of protecting your privacy. This notice discloses the privacy practices for www.compuhigh.com in for information collected on its website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use collected information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to send student’s records to another school after receiving signed authorization.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new services, or changes to this privacy policy. Any contact initiated by Compuhigh will pertain only to Compuhigh, and will not contain any information by or for a third party.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
In addition, at any time you may
See what data we have about you (if any).
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Request your school records be sent to another institution
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information both online and offline.
Once a student enrolls in our school all information is protected with access by username and password. You are responsible for keeping your student username and password confidential. If you believe your username and password has been stolen or otherwise misused, you are responsible for contacting us to remedy the situation.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 866-291-7040 or via email.
Section Navigation
Getting Started
We have open enrollment, which means you can enroll at anytime during the year.
Enroll Online
Student Success Stories
“I was very happy to spend my last year of high school at Whitmore School, just because my efforts in the study have been accompanied by competent teachers who have helped me to reach my academic goal and to be a better person.”
Alberto C.
From the Blog
How to Transfer Mid-Year to an Online High School
November 17th, 2020
Written by Ellen R.
OK. You Tried Your School’s Covid-19 Option, But it is Time for a New School Transferring schools can be disruptive and stressful. Are you wondering: How will it affect your…
Read More
Covid-19 School Options Not Working Out? 5 Ways to Choose the Right Online High School and Change Mid-Year.
November 8th, 2020 in How to Choose the Right Online School, Homeschooling, Academic Success in Online School, The Impact of Covid-19 on Education
Written by Ellen R.
Covid-19 learning options have been confusing and in many cases left students feeling lost. This guide offers 5 tips for choosing the right online school and making the switch mid-year. Some private online schools, such as Whitmore School, specialize in self-paced mastery learning. Students can enroll and begin anytime of year.
Read More
How Has COVID-19 Affected the College Application Process?
November 5th, 2020 in College Research and Application Guide, The Impact of Covid-19 on Education
Written by Kathleen K.
We are currently facing an unprecedented time with the COVID-19 virus. COVID-19 has affected everything from pizza delivery to college applications.
Confused? This guide will help you with your college application process.
Read More
Convenient. Flexible. Interactive.
Enroll Now
Request Info