http://www.letu.edu/legal/privacy.html
ABOUT
History
Quick Facts
Tuition and Fees
Mission & Vision
Statement of Faith
Accreditation
President
Provost
ACADEMICS
Arts & Sciences
Aviation & Aeronautical Science
Business
Education
Engineering & Engineering Technology
Honors College
Library
Nursing
Psychology & Counseling
Registrar
Theology & Vocation
All Academics
ADMISSIONS
SPIRITUAL LIFE
STUDENT EXPERIENCE
On Campus
Online & Graduate
ATHLETICS
PERFORMING ARTS
Fine Arts
Belcher Center Home Page
Ticket Sales
GIVE
MY LETU
A-Z
VISIT
APPLY
CONTACT
REQUEST INFO
APPLY
VISIT
CONTACT
the CHRISTIAN POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY
1-903-233-3000
PHONE
PHONE
INFO
SEARCH
MENU
HOME
legal
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 24 November, 2014
WHAT WILL WE DO WITH INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE?
Many Internet users are understandably hesitant to provide personal information to web sites due to privacy issues, and we recognize that your personal details shared via our web site are a valuable trust. With this in mind, LeTourneau University commits that the information received via our web site will only be used to promote our mission and to provide appropriate services to you.
We do not sell or trade our lists of names and addresses to anyone for solicitation purposes. Third parties only have access to our lists when they provide us a service that will enhance our information or our service to you (for example, to verify addresses against public directories) .
The LeTourneau University web site does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily (i.e. by filling out a form, sending an e-mail, or completing an online transaction).
Our use of information is in some cases governed by (and complies with) federal and Texas state privacy and Freedom of Information laws, including the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personally-Identifiable Information: This is information which would allow us contact you in the physical world. It would include your full name, mailing address or phone number.
Online Contact Information: This is information which would allow us to contact you over the Internet. It would include your e-mail address or web site URL.
Demographic Information: This is information which tells us about your characteristics. It would include things like your gender, ethnicity, educational background, hobbies and interests.
Financial Transaction Information: This is information collected in the course of completing a financial transaction. We do not keep any credit card account numbers in our system or in any database.
Financial Transaction Security: Our institution has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure online web forms are secured by Comodo SSL CA, which provides a minimum of 256-bit encryption. This ensures that all sensitive information you provide is protected against disclosure to third parties. For more information on Comodo SSL protection, see their website at https://ssl.comodo.com. Our web servers and online infrastructure are also regularly scanned by a vendor partner for compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS).
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data stored by our Web site on your computer, which is made available to our Web site upon request. LeTourneau uses two types of cookies:
Session Cookies which allow us to track variables within a particular visit to the web site. Session cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser or when you have not loaded a page from our web site within a set timeframe.
Persistent Cookies which allow us to track variables across multiple visits to the web site. We use persistent cookies to allow you to customize the Web site to your preferences, or to recognize you as a repeat visitor to our site. Our vendor partners may also use persistent cookies to select ads for you based on your interactions with our web site.
In no case are cookies linked to personally identifiable information that is transmitted to us. You should still be able to use most features of our Web site, even if you choose not to accept our cookies.
Log files: Our web server keeps a log of every request. The information stored includes your IP (network) address, the date and time of the request, the file requested, any error codes generated, and (if provided by your browser) the link you clicked on most recently, which includes any search terms you might have used at a search engine to find us and your browser's name and version. Except in areas of the site that require a login, there is no way of linking log entries to any personally-identifiable information.
WHAT OPTIONS ARE AVAILABLE FOR CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION?
If your information changes or if you would like to be excluded from particular uses of your information, you may contact us by:
E-mail:
privacy@letu.edu
Phone:
(903) 233-3535
Postal Mail:
Attn: Privacy OfficerPO Box 7001Longview, TX 75607
(Note that, due to its nature, e-mail should not be used to communicate sensitive information such as credit card numbers, passwords, etc.)
YOUR STORY IS BUILT HERE
ACADEMICS
APPLY
VISIT
LeTourneau University
2100 S. Mobberly AveLongview, TX 75602 Campus Map903-233-3000 / 1-800-759-8811
Accessibility
Complaints & Title IX
Consumer Info
Emergency Info
Contact Us
Department Directory
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
Parents
Donors
Job Seekers
Copyright © 2020 LeTourneau University, All rights reserved.
| Privacy Policy