https://www.iso.bf/about/gdpr-privacy
GDPR & Privacy ::
International School of Ouagadougou
JavaScript Disabled! For a better experience on this website please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Skip to Content
Close
Search
Quick Links
PlusPortals
Menu
Link to: https://www.linkedin.com/company/international-school-of-ouagadougou
Link to: https://www.facebook.com/ISchoolOuaga/
Link to: https://plus.google.com/116305192152488881604/about
Link to: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3_0STXdR0mBE7DdToJ0lww
Join ISOAdmissions ProcessSchool FeesAge RequirementsPaymentStudent HealthAssisted Places ProgramFamilies in TransitionEmploymentFacilities Reopening Plan for 2020-2021AboutDirector's MessageMission & VisionStaffAccreditationMSA Re-AccreditationHistoryTechnology at ISOCurriculumChild Protection GuidelinesCalendarGDPR & PrivacyElementary SchoolCurriculum in ElementaryDaily ScheduleUpper SchoolCurriculum in Upper SchoolDaily ScheduleCourse DescriptionsIB Diploma ProgramUpper School Policies and ProceduresSchool NewsActivitiesAthleticsStudent CouncilPerforming ArtsServices LearningLunch MenuSocial EnrichmentCommunityISO AssociationAssociation Meeting MinutesBoard of TrusteesTrusteesBoard CommitteesParent Teacher Association (PTA)AlumniParent ResponsibilitiesTesting CenterSummer SchoolOutreachCommunity OutreachISO Workers Literacy ProgramMedical Field TripsVolunteer Opportunities
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated December 02, 2019
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at International School Ouagadougou (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at info@iso.bf.
When you visit our website https://www.iso.bf, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice  that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://www.iso.bf), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the "Services").
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information collected from other sources
In Short:  We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links). We will inform you about the source of information and the type of information we have collected about you within a reasonable period after obtaining the personal data, but at the latest within one month.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
Request Feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.  We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Services. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days .
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
6. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details   provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
7. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice  .
8. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Jonnathan Boundaone, by email at j.boundaone@iso.bf, or by post to:
International School Ouagadougou
Jonnathan Boundaone
GDPR@iso.bf
__________
01 BP 1142
Ouagadougou
Burkina Faso
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Join ISOAboutElementary SchoolUpper SchoolSchool NewsCommunityOutreach
We have reviewed our data protection, for your protection. Please click on the link to read our "Privacy Notice".
Got It
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Directions | Contact Us
01 BP 1142, Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
+2 (262) 536-2143
+2 (262) 536-1350
Link to: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWKRihfhO9c0wDg4pq1aGsw
© 2020
International School of Ouagadougou, All Rights Reserved
About This Website
Powered by
Rediker Software's Student Information System
PlusPortals Sign In
User Name
Password
Sign in
Can't access your account?
Join ISO
Admissions Process
School Fees
Age Requirements
Payment
Student Health
Assisted Places Program
Families in Transition
Employment
Facilities
Reopening Plan for 2020-2021
About
Director's Message
Mission & Vision
Staff
Accreditation
MSA Re-Accreditation
History
Technology at ISO
Curriculum
Child Protection Guidelines
Calendar
GDPR & Privacy
Elementary School
Curriculum in Elementary
Daily Schedule
Upper School
Curriculum in Upper School
Daily Schedule
Course Descriptions
IB Diploma Program
Upper School Policies and Procedures
School News
Activities
Athletics
Student Council
Performing Arts
Services Learning
Lunch Menu
Social Enrichment
Community
ISO Association
Association Meeting Minutes
Board of Trustees
Trustees
Board Committees
Parent Teacher Association (PTA)
Alumni
Parent Responsibilities
Testing Center
Summer School
Outreach
Community Outreach
ISO Workers Literacy Program
Medical Field Trips
Volunteer Opportunities
Quick Links
Elementary Daily Schedule
Upper School Daily Schedule
Lunch Menu
Turtle Talk Newsletter
To learn more about our learning community, please download our Turtle Talk Newsletter.
Online Library Catalog (intranet only)
International Baccalaureate program (IB)
Calendar
School Calendar
Search