http://www.totallanguageplus.com/terms-and-conditions
Total Language Plus
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Wish List
Sign In
Skip to Content
Compare Products
Total Language Plus
Menu
Home
Shop
How It Works
Sample Pages
Focus Guides
Grade Level Groupings
Instructional Videos
Private Schools
Free Stuff
Our Story
Speaker Bio
Blog
Contact
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Agreement between user and totallanguageplus.com
Welcome to totallanguageplus.com. The totallanguageplus.com website (the Site) is comprised of various web pages operated by Total Language Plus, Inc. (TLP). Totallanguageplus.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the Terms). Your use of totallanguageplus.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these Terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
Totallanguageplus.com is an E-commerce Site
This website provides information about TLP and the services and products we provide.
Privacy
Your use of totallanguageplus.com is subject to TLP’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices.
Electronic communications
Visiting totallanguageplus.com or sending email to TLP constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Children under thirteen
TLP does not knowing collect either online of offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, you may use totallanguageplus.com only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Links to third party sites
Totallanguageplus.com may contain links to other websites (Linked Sites). The Linked Sites are not under the control of TLP and TLP is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, included without limitation any linked contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. TLP is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by TLP or the site of any association with its operators.
From p. 181 of Cathy Duffy’s Curriculum Manual for Jr/Sr High:
“I am particularly impressed with the quality of the writing activities. They teach and stress organization and planning, while offering students ideas about the main points they might wish to include…Total Language Plus’s writing assignments should provide a significant part of your composition instruction.”
From Konos Helps by Kathy von Duyke:
“I was thrilled when my daughter got 100% on her first spelling test. She has never done that in spite of years of Spaulding…The children enjoy these worksheets. I love the approach to vocabulary…”
From a review in Mary Pride’s magazine, Practical Homeschooling:
“These are not boring lessons! Thought-provoking questions and puzzles make learning fun…An excellent introduction to the study of literature.”
Remarks from teachers and students using Total Language Plus in their classroom:
“I am a fifth grade elementary school teacher at Fremont Christian School in California. My class just completed Caddie Woodlawn and we had such a fruitful time. I wanted to give you some positive feedback from a very satisfied teacher. My students were with me throughout the whole book and looked forward to our literature unit time every day. . .I especially enjoyed the personal thinking questions which got them thinking of personal connections to the topics of the chapter before we read it. Those questions were very well thought out and it was an excellent mental stretch for them.”
“Our students enjoy this literature-language program. . .it is a great language program.”
S. W., Cross Roads Community School
“We use TLP for reading, spelling, and vocabulary. It does a great job of meeting these needs. I’m starting to see the kids think more about what they are reading. . .I like how the reading, spelling, and vocabulary are integrated. . .I really like your program. I like all the enrichment ideas and the reading worksheets have helped some students with their comprehension skills a lot.”
C. H., Creswell Christian School
I like the curriculum we used in class because it helped me to learn about things I don’t know and it helped me to be better in comprehension. I like the vocabulary the best because it helps me to learn hard words.”
M. Y., 10 years old
I have seen my students more interested in their spelling and vocabulary words because they have purpose.
J. S., Gig Harbor Christian Preparatory Academy
My students find the novels much more enjoyable and exciting with this approach than with workbooks and text pages.
S. D., Willamette Christian
Sign Up For Our Monthly Emails!
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Info
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
My Account
Login/Register
My Account
My Orders
My Wishlist
Company
Our Program
Our Story
Blog
Contact
Connect
Facebook
Google+
Pinterest
YouTube
© 2017 Total Language Plus | Website by Intuitive Digital