https://www.parc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PARC’s Commitment To Privacy
This website (the “Site”) is operated and maintained by the Palo Alto Research Center Incorporated (“PARC”). PARC is committed to protecting your privacy online. This policy informs you of the information PARC collects through the Site and how PARC may use the information that is collected or submitted to the Site.
The Information We Collect
Through the use of web beacons, cookies, embedded links and other commonly used data-gathering tools, the Site automatically gathers certain usage information on PARC’s server logs including your IP address; what web page you’ve last visited; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system and platform; the frequency of your visits to the Site and the pages you view and other actions you take while on the Site.
The Personal Information We Collect
If you submit information or register on the Site, PARC may ask for your name, email address, company name, mailing address, and information about your interests and preferences. Once you submit information or register you are no longer anonymous to PARC.
How We Use the Information
PARC may use this information to help customize the content that you see and to contact you. PARC will not send you information, including email, unless you advise PARC during the information submission or registration process, or subsequently request, that you do not want to receive these types of correspondence from PARC.
How We Share the Information
PARC maintains the information it receives online in strict confidence; information you submit to PARC is not sold to third parties. Information received online may be shared with third parties, for example HubSpot, who hosts the PARC marketing database. Please review HubSpot’s Privacy Policy for information about how HubSpot protects your personal information.
PARC reserves the right to notify its customers about administrative matters. When required by law, PARC will share information with government entities. Although PARC does not currently anticipate a change in its corporate status, in the event of a merger or acquisition of the company or a substantial portion of its assets, PARC may disclose, transfer or sell personal information collected online to the surviving or acquiring party, respectively. PARC may share or disclose this information if PARC suspects a violation of its policies or to protect the safety of any person or entity. PARC may also share or disclose information to its service providers and suppliers that use the information solely on PARC’s behalf or to its parent company and affiliates for reporting processes and marketing research.
Personal information collected online will remain subject to promises made in this Privacy Policy. Any information, including personal identifiable information or content, you post to a PARC blog, forum, or message board is available to and shared with all persons accessing and viewing those social networking spaces. Such information is not confidential and shall be treated in accordance with PARC’s Terms and Conditions.
Third-Party Sites
This Site contains links to other web sites and services. PARC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. You will need to check the policy statement of these other web sites to understand their policies regarding the collection and use of information.
Employment Information
When you choose to participate in PARC’s hiring process, you will be redirected to our career vendor, Xerox Careers Page, where you will be asked to provide personally identifiable information about yourself. The information that you provide will be used to match your skills and interest to PARC’s job requirements. Your personally identifiable information may also be used to contact and identify you throughout the hiring process and relevant portions of your personal information, if you are hired, may be used to establish a basic employment record. Access to your information will be restricted to those PARC staff and designated agents who have a need to know the specific information in question in order to carry out their responsibilities with regard to recruitment or employment law.
Your information may also be disclosed to governmental entities in compliance with applicable law, such as to those agencies authorized to review and enforce equal opportunity laws. PARC may also collect information about you from other third parties, in order to: (a) verify information about your credentials, such as education and prior employment; (b) follow-up on references that you may provide; and (c) conduct background investigations. It is PARC’s policy to collect such information from third parties only with your knowledge and agreement. PARC retains your personal information only as long as is necessary for evaluation for employment, and, should you be hired, for as long as needed to support your employment, as well as to comply with applicable laws relating to the evaluation of those seeking employment. Please review Xerox’s Privacy Policy for information about how Xerox uses and protects your personal information,
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by websites you visit. These files identify specific information about visits to the site. Cookies help you by allowing websites to recognize your computer or mobile device, enabling you to navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and improving your user experience.
PARC uses cookies to recognize repeat visits to the Site and to facilitate web navigation. The cookies store your country and language, along with an assigned random session ID. In some cases, cookies store name and address information so that you do not have to re-enter this same information in multiple forms. The cookie information that PARC collects helps us track the number of visitors to the Site over time and determine whether these were new or repeat visits. For the purpose of internal analysis, PARC also uses cookies to track pages visited during a single session. PARC uses this information to adjust the presentation of the Site and to make it more relevant to our users. Information collected by PARC through the use of cookies is maintained as confidential data and is not shared beyond the corporation and its authorized agents.
Most browser applications allow you to block or limit the use of cookies. Consult the help menu of your browser application for details. If you block the use of cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features on the site.
Web Beacons
A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer or other device when you view a web page or email. PARC may use web beacons on the Site or in our newsletter or other emails, to measure the effectiveness of the Site and our newsletter or other emails. For example, web beacons may be used to count the number of individuals who visit the Site from a particular source, or the number of individuals who open a particular email.
PARC’s Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, PARC has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information PARC collects online. For more information on PARC’s Privacy Policies, please contact the PARC Privacy Officer at Privacy@PARC.com.
PARC’s Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, PARC does not knowingly collect or maintain personal data through the Site from children under 13 (or such age as a child is defined by local law if higher), and no part of the Site is structured to attract children under thirteen years old.
Communication Preferences
All periodic communications from PARC include the option to unsubscribe, typically by clicking a link near the bottom of the communication. All of our email communications strive for 100% compliance with the 2003 CAN-SPAM Act.
California Privacy Rights
Under California law, California residents can now ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. To make such a request please contact us as described below. PARC complies with California’s Online Privacy Protection Act, CalOPPA.
Privacy Policy Changes
If PARC decides to change this Privacy Policy, PARC will post those changes here so that you will always know what information PARC gathers, how PARC might use that information and whether PARC will disclose it to anyone.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Palo Alto Research Center Incorporated
3333 Coyote Hill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Or by email to webpolicy@parc.com
Additional information
Focus Areas
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
FIND OUT MORE
Licensing & Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
FIND OUT MORE
News
PARC scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
FIND OUT MORE
Palo Alto Research Center Incorporated; © 2020. All Rights Reserved
About PARC
About PARC
Our People
Working with PARC
Careers & Culture
Cleanroom Services
Expertise
Expertise
Focus Areas
Competencies
Licensing & Commercialization Opportunities
Case Studies
News
News
Blog
PARC Forum
Events
In the News
Press Releases
Resources
Resources
Technical Publications
Information Sheets
Contact PARC