http://www.tip.duke.edu/about/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Home
About
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementBy using this site and the services connected to it, you agree to comply with the terms of our policies. To better meet customer concerns or changes in the law, we might, from time to time, modify the terms of our Privacy Policies. Continued use of a Duke TIP website or blog constitutes acceptance of these revised policies.
For information specific to jurisdictions with additional notice requirements, including the European Economic Area (EEA),
see the full policy and the data subject request form. In addition, and for ease of reference, please see the following for Duke’s privacy practices in specific areas at the University.
What we do:
Duke TIP collects information from parent(s) or legal guardian(s) who choose to register their children for the Academic Talent Search, PSAT 8/9 test, ACT test, SAT test, Distance Learning and Independent Learning programs, and educational programs. We may also collect contact information from parents, alumni, educators, and members of the public wishing to receive information disseminated through our main website and various blogs. The following paragraphs disclose Duke TIP’s information gathering and dissemination practices.
How we collect data:
We collect data through our website registration system when students sign up to participate in one of our programs. This information is stored in a private, protected database. If the child is under the age of thirteen, we require parental consent on the last screen of the web registration process. A parent must mark the box that says, “I certify that the following parent/guardian has granted permission for the above student to participate” before we process their information. They must also fill in their name in lieu of a signature. The registration process cannot continue until this information is collected. Duke TIP’s online registration process uses cookies to maintain details of each session while parents are entering information on our secure server.
Duke websites employ cookies and similar technology to collect aggregate (non-personal) information about your website usage. This allows Duke websites to remember you when you login in the future and to know your preferences when you return to Duke websites. Cookies may remain on your browser, unless you delete them or they expire. Please be advised that some cookies may remain for a period of time while others are erased when you close your browser window. You may adjust your browser settings and decline cookies, but this may impact some features of some Duke websites. To learn more information about cookies and how they work, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
We also collect contact information on various blogs from site visitors who wish to receive updates whenever new content is posted or who wish to opt in to various advice-based newsletters we provide regarding best practices in gifted education.
Many Duke.edu websites use Google Analytics (or other similar web analytics tools) to collect information about visitor traffic and their behavior on our sites. We use these tools to identify usage trends, to improve the performance and to enhance the content of our websites. When we use these tools, we do not use them to identify you and we limit the collection or storage of your personal information.
Please note that Duke TIP’s various websites and blogs may contain links to other websites. While we are selective about which links we share, Duke TIP is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third party websites.
What specific steps we take with children under the age of thirteen:
Duke TIP is firmly committed to protecting the privacy rights of every child participating in its programs. TIP also complies with Duke University’s stringent protection of minors policies. Duke TIP will not collect/save data from children under the age of thirteen without the express consent of the child’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s). This consent is confirmed by a parent signature allowing student participation at the end of each application and additionally through the use of a credit card associated with the application process if a program fee is required. In addition, Duke TIP will not discuss disciplinary situations involving its students or staff under any circumstances in a public forum, including social media, and we have a policy of not disclosing last names, current locations, future scheduling details, or personal contact information when it comes to blog and social media posts involving students who are participating in our programs. Both permanent and seasonal staff are trained in these policies before the start of every program.
What information we collect:
We gather two types of information via our main website from parents registering their children for our programs: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information includes first and last names, birthdate, street address, phone numbers, parent name, last four digits of the social security number (optional), email addresses, financial information for the purposes of billing and payment, and credit card information for payment. Non-personally identifiable information includes gender, the name of the school the student attends, ethnic background (optional), qualifying test and score, test date and site selection, grade in school, primary language spoken at home (optional), household size and income (optional), county, course choice and program location. We only collect information that is relevant for the purposes associated with the Duke University Talent Identification Program and our research needs.
We may also collect name and email address information from individuals such as alumni or teachers who visit TIP blogs and wish to receive automatic updates or alerts on TIP resources or opportunities whenever new content is posted.
Who collects the information:
Members of Duke TIP’s Information Systems and Instructional Technology staff, Educational Programs staff, Finance staff, Outreach staff, Development staff, and Marketing & Communications staff may all collect the information for TIP’s student database, teacher database, alumni database, and blog subscriber lists. For specific questions about our privacy statement, you should contact: Katy Munger (kmunger@tip.duke.edu), Director of Marketing & Communications, Duke University Talent Identification Program, 300 Fuller Street, Durham, NC 27701; (919) 668-9100.
What we do with the information:
The information we collect from parents or guardians is used to enter the student applicant into Duke TIP’s database for the purpose of registering students for our Academic Talent Search, above-grade-level testing, or educational programs. This data is then used to inform students and their parents about program procedures, available benefits, student progress, and information about additional services and programs offered by Duke TIP. The information may be sent to the Educational Testing Service (ETS) for the SAT I: Reasoning Test or to ACT for the ACT Assessment per the student’s selection. Information about students enrolled in grades 4–6 may be forwarded to College Board for the purpose of taking the PSAT 8/9 test. In addition, the non-personally identifiable information and additional demographic information we collect may be used for research that examines various aspects of academic giftedness.
Duke TIP does not sell its student list or contact information to any third party for any reason. We may occasionally provide names and addresses of individuals within our database to third party non-profit gifted programs with whom we have long-standing arrangements in place in order to meet the need for more gifted services near our student base. These programs must be geared for academically talented youth and unique in nature, i.e., a program that a Duke TIP student would benefit from academically as well as a program that they may not find out about otherwise. Students who have indicated a “no” in the Information Release field on the Talent Search application materials are excluded from these lists.
On request, Duke TIP may also release the names of participating students and their schools to media in local communities for the purpose of publicly recognizing the academic achievements of TIP students. Parents and guardians are given the opportunity to opt out of the public release of their child’s name when enrolling in Duke TIP and the names of all students who have opted out of participating in these press releases are excluded from any information released to the media.
In addition, Duke TIP may share personally identifiable registration information with merchant processing or testing vendors in order to complete and process transactions initiated by parents or guardians or to resolve customer support issues.
What to do if you wish to review your information or ask to have information removed:
To review any information about your child, please contact Duke TIP using the information listed below. You have the right to ask Duke TIP to not release your information. By marking a “No” in the Information Release and the Press Release fields of TIP’s talent search application forms, you will be excluded from receiving any email notifications from Duke TIP or from being included on participating student lists sent to the media. If you wish to have your information removed entirely from our database, you must notify us in writing of your request via mail or email at Duke University Talent Identification Program, 300 Fuller Street, Durham, NC 27701 or at inquiries@tip.duke.edu. Emailed requests for database deletion or opting out of emails or press release lists must come from the main parent email address on record in our student database.
About
Leadership
Advisory Board
Mission, Vision, Values
ResearchAdvocacy ToolsJust the Facts HandoutsAbove-Level Testing
Academic Acceleration
School versus Summer Growth
Selection Criteria
How Many Are Underchallenged?
Student Age and Learning Needs
12 Facts about Gifted EducationReferences and Sources
PublicationsProgram Model
Program Evaluation
Talent Identification
Characteristics of Gifted Youth
Self-Concept
Gender
Achievement and Motivation
Testing
Research Bibliography
Methods in Research
Research & Evaluation StaffDr. Matt Makel
Dr. Jill L. Adelson
Jacki Purtell, MPP
Dr. Lisa Ridgley
Cost and Financial AidHow to Apply for Financial Aid
GivingWays to Give
Donor Honor Roll
AlumniDistinguished Alumni Award
PartnershipsJack Kent Cooke FoundationProject Launch FAQs/ Preguntas Communes
Longfellow Partners
History
News