http://www.hughbaird.ac.uk/policies/cookies
Coronavirus (COVID-19) updates
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before, so that you remain logged in – or to help us work out how many new website visitors we get each month. They contain information about the use of your computer but don’t include personal information about you (they don’t store your name, for instance).
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
Recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested
Measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
Analysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with our services so we can make them better
Third party cookies we use
Provider
Name
Purpose
More info
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy Policy
YouTube
SIDPREFSSIDHSIDVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
To display YouTube videos on our website.
Google Policies and Principles
Google Maps
NNIDPREF
To display Google Maps on our website.
Google Privacy Policy
Live Chat
_livechat
Used for our live chat function.
Live Chat in Privacy Policy
MailChimp
_AVESTA_ENVIRONMENT
Our email newsletter service provider. Used when signing up to our email service.
MailChimp Privacy Policy
Hotjar
_uetvid
Behavior analytics that analyses website use
Hotjar Data Policy
Facebook
fr
To remarket advertising to website visitors
Facebook Data Policy
Twitter
Twid
To remarket advertising to website visitors
Twitter Data Policy
Financial Support
Student Support
Term Dates
Facilities