https://www.rguunion.co.uk/terms
AGM
Campaigns
Constitution and Regulations
Impact Report
Jobs
Minutes and Reports
News
Policies
Strategic Plan
Student Elections
Student Guide
Student Voice Forum
Union Finance
What we do
Wired
Campaigns
Live Right
Mental Health Agreement
Safe Taxi Scheme
STAR Awards
Latest Minutes & Reports
Sports Forum Minute 02 2020 2021
Societies Forum Minute 03 2020 2021
Trustee Board Finance Committee Minute Q1 2020 2021
Trustee Board Minute Q1 2020 2021
Vice President Societies Report 04 Nov 2020
Vice President Societies Report 03 Oct 2020
President Education and Welfare Report 05 Nov 2020
President Education and Welfare Report 04 Oct 2020
President Education and Welfare Report 03 Sep 2020
President Sport and Physical Activity Report 05 Nov 2020
Exec Committee
Trustee Board
Union Staff
Student School Officers
Equality Champions
Latest Blog Posts
Booking a space on campus
Edgeworn Bookshop
Meeting Spaces
Multi-Faith
Union Way
Societies
Society Training
Societies A-Z
Forms and Admin
Start your own
Credit Card & PayPal Payment Request
Society & club committee members: Activity planning information 2020/21
Sports Clubs
Clubs A-Z
Forms and Admin
Sports events
Groups
Duke Of Edinburgh's Award
Go Green
Media
Nightline
Peer Support
Raising And Giving (RAG)
Networks
Black Liberation Network
LGBTQIA+ Network
Volunteering
Volunteer Login
Organisation Login
Organisation Registration
Log Your Hours
Advice and Support
Peer Support
RGU:Nightline
Sexual Health
Speak Up Speak Out
Radar Magazine
RGU:Radio
RGU:TV
Close Subnav
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
- General Terms & Conditions
- Shop
- Privacy Policy
- RGU Data Sharing
General Terms & Conditions
- This website, www.rguunion.co.uk (the “website”) is provided by RGU Student Association (“RGU:Union”, “the Union”, “the Students’ Union”). The use of the website is governed by these terms and conditions and such other documents referred to herein. By using the website you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the website. “We”, “our”, or “us” means RGU Student Association and the terms “you” or “your” refer to the user accessing the website.
- RGU:Union reserves the right to change or amend this policy from time to time. Any substantial changes will be notified by posting a prominent notice on the website.
- Links to third party websites are provided for your convenience only. Such websites are operated and controlled by third parties and their inclusion does not imply any endorsement or approval in any way by RGU:Union.
- If you supply personal details to us through this website then you consent to our maintaining, recording, holding and using such personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
- Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of information displayed on this website, no warranty of representation is given to its quality, accuracy or completeness. It is the responsibility of the user to judge the accuracy of information before relying on it in any way.
- Users are permitted to download and store (on a temporary basis) any of the contents of this website, provided this is solely to view such content using a personal computer. Users are forbidden to permanently copy, store, or in any way distribute the contents of this site unless explicitly authorised to do so.
- You agree that the website is available for your own personal, non-commercial use only.
- We may provide you with the opportunity to publically comment on articles and posts. You agree that no materials of any kind submitted by you will violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or property rights; or contain libellous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material.
- Where possible the Union will monitor user-submitted comments, and will respond as quickly as possible to any complaints received from user who object to the nature of such content. Where such complaints are found to be justified, the Union reserves the right to use, disclose or remove any information or materials without notice or compensation.
- Materials posted by users do not necessarily reflect the views of RGU:Union. The Union expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any material communicated by third parties through this website.
- By posting materials to the website, you authorise RGU:Union to use and/or authorise others to use any such materials in any manner or medium. You may not advertise or solicit on the website without the Union’s express permission.
Online Shop Terms & Conditions
Purchasing
- When making a purchase from or via the RGU:Union online shop for any product, including clothing, branded items, event tickets, and sports club or society membership fees, all payments will be processed through Sage Pay.
- We do not store any credit card or alternative payment details, and use industry standard SSL encryption to ensure the safety of your data.
Shipping
- All orders are usually dispatched within 2 working days. If this is not possible, we will contact you to make alternative arrangements.
- Shipping costs are calculated individually during the checkout process and will vary depending on the total weight of your order and your delivery location.
- Orders shipping to UK addresses will be sent via Royal Mail recorded delivery. Orders shipping to EU addresses will be sent via DHL courier. Orders shipping to addresses outwith the EU will be shipped via Royal Mail international tracked delivery. Please contact the Deeview Student Store directly on 01224 262 261 before placing your order if you would like us to use an alternative delivery method.
Refund policy
- Full refunds are available on items returned within 28 days of receipt with a valid receipt and in their original unused condition. To arrange the return of goods, please contact shop@rguunion.co.uk.
- Refunds, if applicable, will only be made to the debit/credit card used for the original transaction.
- In the case of special orders made to individual customer specifications (eg: personalised or custom products), we regret that we are unable to offer a refund, except in the case of faulty goods.
- If we have delivered the wrong item to you or the product is faulty, please contact us at shop@rguunion.co.uk before sending back any product. We will advise you on the procedure to follow in order to receive a replacement.
- Event ticket and/or Freshers Week wristband purchases are non-refundable unless in the event of cancellation.
- For further information regarding product refunds, email shop@rguunion.co.uk.
- This refund policy applies to Students’ Union goods sold through the Union’s online shop. Further refund restrictions may apply to products supplied by societies, sports clubs or third parties. If you are unsure of a product’s refundable status, please contact shop@rguunion.co.uk for clarification prior to purchasing.
Event Ticket Purchases
- Tickets are non-refundable unless in the event of cancellation.
- If you lose your ticket(s) contact shop@rguunion.co.uk as soon as possible with proof of your purchase and we will attempt to verify your order and rectify the situation, although this will judged on a case-by-case nature and will depend on the event and circumstances at the time.
- Tickets may be subject to a per-ticket booking fee, however this will be made clear at the time of purchase.
- If tickets are available for delivery, the order will be posted to the address provided at the time of purchase. We cannot be held responsible for any tickets that are lost or stolen.
Privacy Policy
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a European Union wide law that was introduced on 25th May 2018 and which supersedes the Data Protection Act 1998 in the UK, giving more rights to you as an individual and more obligations to organisations holding your personal data. One of your rights is to be informed, which means we are required to give you more information about the way in which we use, share and store your personal data.
We (Robert Gordon University Student Association, thereafter ‘RGU:Union’)  are an independent student-led organisation which exists to represent, engage, support and develop all members. RGU:Union provides opportunities for extra-curricular activities to ensure all students get the most from their time at RGU.
This statement covers the following obligations as defined b the GDPR:
How RGU:Union collects your data
How RGU:Union records your data
How RGU:Union uses your data
How RGU:Union retrieves your data
How RGU:Union stores your data, including period of retention
How RGU:Union discloses your data, where relevant
Our legal basis for processing your data
Your rights and how you can access, amend and delete your personal data.
To explain the data RGU:Union collects in an easily understandable format, we have presented it according to how we gather this data/how you interact with us. You can view this information in our GDPR Privacy Statement. RGU:Union is also required to provide a Member Data Retention Guide to all members whose personal data it holds, and an Employee Data Retention Guide to all employees. These guides must be provided before the processing starts for the first time. The Member Data Retention Guide can be found here, and the Employee Data Retention Guide can be found here.
- If you are taking part in a project or event which requires a Contributor Consent Form to be completed, please click here.
- If you choose not to register with this website, or if you opt out of Union membership, you may still use the website but will not be able to access restricted areas.
- Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a subject access request.
- Your personal information will not be sold, traded or rented to any individual or other entity. We may need to share certain pieces of information with third parties when you purchase items from this website. The information shared with these third parties will be specific to the order that you have placed and they are not permitted to use your information for any other purpose.
- If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the use of personal information, contact hello@rguunion.co.uk
- If you are a member of a Union affiliated activity, for example a Society, Sports Club, Group or Network, you may receive email communication to keep you informed of relevant news, events and updated. You can view and edit which these communication preferences at this link.
- If we decide to change this policy, we will post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how it is used.
RGU Data Sharing
- Robert Gordon University and RGU:Union have entered into a data sharing agreement that is aimed at making your student life simpler. All RGU students are automatically registered as members of the Students’ Union, therefore sharing your information helps the Union to provide membership services to you and other RGU students. Your information is transferred securely by RGU to the Union’s website provider (MSL) and is used to pre-register you with the Union. This means that you don’t need to re-enter this information when registering on the Union website. This should make life easier for you when joining sports clubs, societies, participating in Student Elections and purchasing items from our online shop.
- The Union cannot be held responsible for any inaccurate personal details held.
- You can tell RGU that you do not wish the Union to have access to your data by opting out of Union membership.
Latest News
'Class of 20' hoodies and gifts available now!
24/7 study space now open!
Student By-election 2020: Results Announcement
Student By-election 2020: Watch Question Time
Student By-election 2020: VOTE HERE
Read All
Top stories from Radar
'Movember Movement'
Movember started in 2003 and is now a worldwide phenomena. So much so that now people automatically associate the month of November with Autumn leaves, Bonfire Nights and the growing of mustaches.
A simple idea sparked from two friends chatting in a bar to a worldwide movement, there has been over six million mustaches grown in support of Movember so far.
RGU Gymnastics: Wellbeing Wednesdays
This semester, RGU Gymnastics are helping to spread positivity throughout their social media accounts.
‘Wellbeing Wednesdays’ is a new initiative that RGU Gymnastics has set up, where they promote a quote that has a positive message behind it.
What has RGU:Radio been creating this semester?
Podcasts are a great way of getting entertainment and/or information. With RGU:Union having a platform for students to start their own podcasts on, we decided to investigate what they have been up to this semester.
TOKYO PARALYMPICS TO HAVE REFUGEE TEAM
The International Paralympic Committee have confirmed that they will create a refugee team that will include more athletes in Tokyo compared to Rio in 2016. The team will be known as the Refugee Paralympic Team.
Read All