http://www.csn.edu/terms-use-privacy-policy
CSN uses cookies and other technology on our websites to improve your browsing experience and to better understand how you use our websites. Visit CSN’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to learn more about how CSN uses cookies and, if you should choose, how to disable them. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Accept
Jump to main content
ATTENTION: CSN campuses and learning centers have limited operational hours during the Fall 2020 term.
Visit the CSN Coronavirus page for updates and important resources for employees and students.
Search form
Search
close
You are hereHomeTerms of Use & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
STATEMENT OF COPYRIGHT
© 2019, College of Southern Nevada. All rights reserved.
Neither this website nor any element within, including, without limitation, text, logos, graphics, images, photographs, multimedia features, or other likenesses or materials, may be republished, reposted, retransmitted, or redistributed without the prior express written consent of College of Southern Nevada (CSN). Unauthorized usage constitutes trademark and/or copyright infringement. CSN may seek legal remedy, including financial compensation, in all cases of unauthorized usage including use by authorized representatives of CSN for unauthorized purposes.
Trademarks, service marks, and logo designs owned by third parties are the property of their respective owners and are used by permission.
TERMS OF USE POLICY
The CSN web presence is a cumulative effort of hours of work by many dedicated CSN faculty and staff members. We encourage visitors to access our website for personal use and hope that you find it informative and easy to navigate. The CSN website contains a vast amount of information compiled from numerous sources, and as such we can make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the website or the information found within it. CSN disclaims all liability of any kind arising out of your use of, or inability to use, the information contained within the CSN.EDU domain.
PRIVACY POLICY
CSN is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website and we are providing this document to inform you about information we may collect when you visit one of our sites, how we may use that information, and how you can update it should we use your information. CSN reserves the right to append or otherwise modify this privacy policy at any time, so please visit this page to check for updates.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
While we do not collect information by default, we may collect various types of information from our visitors only through feedback/contact forms that may be available for completion and submission solely at each visitor's discretion. We do not use cookies or any other type of automatic information collection. Your Internet use outside of www.csn.edu is not recorded or monitored by us in any way.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
CSN does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer any personal data submitted by visitors to our site to any third parties. We respect the privacy of users visiting our sites and will abide by all applicable laws concerning the release of personal information. On occasion we may use certain contact information that we have collected to send you information about programs and services, or updates and other information we think may be of interest to you. Please write to CSN using the information below if you would like to request that your name be removed from our lists. We will not share your personal data with anyone else, except as may be required by law.
Office of Marketing & Communications
6375 West Charleston Boulevard
Las Vegas, NV 89146
This website may contain links to websites that are not maintained by CSN.  Such websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the content in those third-party sites or any link contained in such a site. CSN does not endorse any entity, company or product that advertises or appears on, or link to, our site.  If you choose to access a third party website via links contained on this site, you do so at your own risk.
Connect
Mobile App
Student Services
Call
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube