http://www.lbi.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Last updated: November 14, 2019The Leo Baeck Institute (“LBI”) is committed to protecting your privacy, whether you are a user, visitor, and/or donor. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect from you and why. By using our websites (collectively, “Site”), visiting an LBI location, or donating to us, you agree to this policy. You also agree to let us use your email and postal address to communicate with you about our programs, services, fundraising efforts, and more. In pursuit of our commitment to protecting your privacy, we have drawn upon industry best practices and national standards for privacy.This Privacy Policy may change over time as we deem necessary. Such changes will be announced by indicating on the policy the date it was last updated and/or by placing a notice on our Site.Types of Information We CollectWe collect information about you in three ways: directly from you, from automatically-collected network logs, and through cookies. We typically keep information only for so long as it is needed for the proper operation of LBI and in order to better deliver our services to you. We may retain some information in backup storage systems, hard copy form, or as required by law. We collect different types of information from you depending on your chosen level of engagement with our services and the information needed in order to provide you with access to those services.Information that is collected about you may be de-identified and aggregated with information collected about other users, visitors or donors. This de-identified and aggregated information cannot be used to reasonably identify you. This information helps us to administer services, analyze usage, provide security and identify new users of our services. In addition, it helps us to improve your user experience.1. Information You Provide to UsWhen you send us an email or submit a web form on our Site, you might be sharing certain personally identifying information or sensitive information with us. Web forms are used for many purposes, such as submitting a reference question or making a financial donation. Depending on the context, the information we request in these cases might include your name, physical address, email address, phone number, payment information, and other similar information.We are committed to keeping such information only as long as needed in order to provide our services. We offer you the opportunity to review and, when practical, to update, change or delete some information you have provided us. You can do this by emailing us at lbaeck@lbi.cjh.org or by asking our staff to assist you by phone at 1-212-744-6400. Our information storage systems are configured in a way that helps us to protect information from accidental or malicious destruction. To that purpose, the information we collect is also saved in backup storage systems. Therefore, any update, change or deletion you make to your information or preferences may not immediately be reflected in all copies of the information we have and may not be removed from our backup storage systems until overwritten.2. Information We Collect AutomaticallyWhen you use our Site, our computer servers automatically capture and save information electronically about your usage of our services. Examples of information that we may collect include:Your Internet Protocol (IP) addressYour locationKind of web browser or electronic device that you useDate and time of your visitWebsite that you visited immediately before arriving at our SitePages that you viewed on our SiteCertain searches/queries that you conductedWe use Google Analytics to gain a better understanding of how the Site is being used. To learn more about how Google uses data, visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners.CookiesThis section explains how cookies are used when you visit our Site.A cookie is a small text file (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to a user’s browser from a website's computers and stored on a user’s computer's hard drive or on a tablet or mobile device. A cookie stores a small amount of data on your computer about your visit to the website.We place and access cookies on your computer; these cookies are known as “first-party cookies”. Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as “third-party cookies” and are described below. Some cookies are "session cookies," which means that they are temporary cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our Site. Other cookies are "persistent cookies", which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Site.To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party cookies, our Privacy Policy applies. Personal information collected through a third-party cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings in your browser. However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.Types of Cookies We UseEssential cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to, and we may not be able to provide certain services or features. This applies most significantly to the web forms on the Site, many of which require cookies in order to function.Analytics cookies collect information about your use of the Site, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, analytics cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Site and help us record any difficulties you have with the Site. Analytics cookies allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, rather than the usage of a single person. We use information from analytics cookies to analyze the Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information.Managing CookiesYou may refuse or accept cookies from the Site at any time by activating settings in your browser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use interactive features of our Site that depend on cookies. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable cookies can be found at:ChromeFirefoxMicrosoft EdgeSafariSafari Mobile (iPhone and iPad)For more information about other commonly used browsers, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended.To opt-out of participating in Google Analytics data follow the instructions at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Information Shared with Third PartiesWe may share personal information with third parties who provide services to LBI, such as payment processors and email delivery services. When LBI shares your personal information and other collected information with third party service providers, we require that they use your information only for the purpose of providing services to us and that their terms are consistent with this Privacy Policy.Complying with Regulatory and Legal ObligationsLBI has a legitimate interest in complying with certain legal obligations and interests which, from time to time, may require the disclosure of your personal information. LBI will not disclose your personal information to legal authorities except where such disclosure is by lawful request, including to meet legitimate national security or law enforcement demands (including a subpoena, court order, or other lawful legal demand by a legal authority with lawful jurisdiction).Our Ongoing Commitment to Data SecuritySecurity is important to us and we know it is important to you. LBI follows generally accepted standards to protect your personal information when processing, transferring, and storing your personal information by restricting your personal data when we do not need to access it and by keeping your personal data only as necessary to perform our legitimate work.Our Partner OrganizationLBI is a partner organization of the Center for Jewish History (“CJH”). Given the interrelationship between the two organizations, it is possible that in the course of using LBI services, the Privacy Policy of CJH may also come into effect. For more information, please refer to the CJH Privacy Policy.Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by any of the following methods:Email us at lbaeck@lbi.cjh.orgVisit our Contact pageWrite to us at: Leo Baeck Institute, 15 West 16th Street, New York, NY 10011Call us at 1-212-744-6400
Cookies Notice
We use cookies on our site to enable functionality and analyze traffic. By clicking “I Accept” or “X” on this banner, or using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them in your browser settings. To learn more, view our
Privacy Policy.
I Accept