https://www.hiller.org/privacy/
Contact
Youtube
Hiller Blog
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Donate
Privacy and Terms of Use
Privacy
In order to improve the content of our web site, our web server automatically records the IP addresses of visitors to this site so that we may collect information on how visitors utilize the Hiller Aviation Museum online environment. We also record your e-mail address for this same purpose if you e-mail us. If you make an online purchase, we may collect your e-mail and/or your mailing address in order to contact you for marketing purposes.
Your privacy is respected—the Hiller Aviation Museum does not share or sell the mailing addresses we collect.
The standard web and FTP information servers at this site create local log file entries containing connection-related technical data, but no personally identifiable information not provided explicitly by the user. Data entries in these logs are used only for server and network operation and maintenance and are not related to outside entities.
2018 Hiller Aviation Museum. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
The Hiller Aviation Museum created and maintains our website in order to provide museum information to the public online. By using the site and its content, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms, which the Hiller Aviation Museum may change at any time.
Site Content UsageAll text, images, marks, logos and other content on our website, Site Content, is proprietary to the Hiller Aviation Museum or to be used only with the owner’s permission or applicable law or regulation. All parties using the Site Content in any manner, represent and warrant that their use will be consistent with this license and that they will not infringe or violate the rights of any other party or breach any contract with or legal duty to any other parties. The Hiller Aviation Museum authorizes you to view, download and print Site Content under the following conditions:
You may only use Site Content for personal and noncommercial use.You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that have been placed in or near the Site Content.You may not modify the Site Content.Any displays or printouts of the Site Content must be marked: “(c) [insert year of display or printout] Hiller Aviation Museum. All rights reserved.”You must adhere to any and all additional terms or restrictions provided within individual sections relating to particular Site Content.
Except as expressly permitted above, reproduction or redistribution of any portion of Site Content is strictly prohibited without prior written permission from the Hiller Aviation Museum.
Logomark UsageThe Hiller Aviation Museum online logomark may not be copied, displayed or used in any way without prior written authorization from the Hiller Aviation Museum. From time to time, at its sole discretion, the Hiller aviation Museum may permit another entity to use our online logomark on its own website under the following conditions:
You have obtained permission from the Hiller Aviation Museum.You comply with any and all conditions regarding use of the online logomark that the Hiller Aviation Museum may provide you.All displays and uses of the logomark must include the ® mark contained in the logomark image file provided by the Hiller Aviation Museum.All displays and uses of the logomark must include an ALT tag and be marked: “Used by permission, the Hiller Aviation Museum.”You will make no alterations to the appearance of the logomark, the ® mark on the logomark or to the text of the required ALT tag.Any use of the logomark online outside the Hiller Aviation Museum website will be linked to the Hiller Aviation Museum home page.To the extent that goodwill arises from your use of the logomark, it will inure to the Hiller Aviation Museum.You will display or use the logomark in conformance with the permission granted by the Hiller Aviation Museum and only in connection with goods and services of the same high quality as is associated with the Hiller Aviation Museum.
Exhibit Image UsageYou will use the images contained in the Exhibits pages only in a non-profit educational context. You may not copy or use the images for any other purpose.
Third Party Link UsageThe Hiller Aviation Museum website contains links to third party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of the Hiller Aviation Museum, and the Hiller Aviation Museum is not responsible for the content of any linked site. The Hiller Aviation Museum provides these links as a convenience only, and links do not imply endorsement of, sponsorship of or affiliation with the linked site by the Hiller Aviation Museum.
Legal InformationWarranty Disclaimer and Limitation of LiabilityThe Hiller Aviation Museum makes no representation of any kind regarding the Site Content or any portion thereof. All Site Content is provided in “as is” condition and the Hiller Aviation Museum expressly disclaims any and all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use.
Application Law and JurisdictionThe Hiller Aviation Museum website (excluding links to third party websites) is controlled by the Hiller Aviation Museum from its offices in San Carlos, California. Although the Museum has made no effort to publish the website elsewhere, it is Internet accessible in all fifty U.S. states and other countries.
As each state and country has laws which may differ from those of the State of California and from each other—and as you and the Hiller Aviation Museum both benefit from establishing a predictable legal environment in which to publish, access and use the Hiller Aviation Museum website—by publishing, accessing and/or using the Hiller Aviation Museum website, you agree that all matters arising from or relating to the use and operation of the website will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
You agree that all claims you may have arising from or relating to the operation or use of the Hiller Aviation Museum website will be heard and resolved in the courts of San Carlos, California and San Mateo County, California. You consent to personal jurisdiction of such courts over you, stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceeding in such courts and covenant not to assert any objection to proceeding in such courts.
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Hiller Aviation Museum harmless from all claims, causes, allegations, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorney fees), judgments, liabilities, losses, and damages arising from or relating to your use of or operation of the Hiller Aviation Museum website.
2005-2018 Hiller Aviation Museum. All rights reserved.