http://www.texasexes.org/about-us/privacy-policy/cookie-notice
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Cookie Notice
TXEX Main Navigation - Nodes (not in groups)
Alumni Center
Texas EXpresso
Awards
DAA & OYTEX FAQs
Distinguished Alumnus Award
Distinguished Service Award
Edward S. Guleke Student Excellence Award
Elizabeth Shatto Massey Award
Jack Harbin Top Hand
Jean Holloway Award
Outstanding Young Texas Ex
President's Leadership Award
Texas 10
Vick Advising Awards
Tejas Club Campus Leadership Award
Contact Us
Staff Directory
Corporate Sponsors
Employment Opportunities
Advocacy Intern
Governance
History and Traditions
The Truth About Bevo
Texas Independence Day
The Eyes of Texas
UT Seal
UT Yells
Texas Fight Rally
Mission
News and Updates
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
The Ex-Students’ Association of the University of Texas Cookie Notice
(Privacy policy can be found here)
Last updated: May 30, 2018
I. Introduction
This Notice applies to The Ex-Students’ Association of the University of Texas. (“Texas Exes”, “we”, “our” or “us”).
Like most websites, we employ “cookies” or similar technologies. This Cookie Notice tells you about the use of Cookies and similar technologies on the websites and Apps listed in our Privacy Policy https://www.texasexes.org/privacy-policy-0 (collectively, the "Sites").
When you first access our main Site, www.texasexes.org, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “I Agree”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Notice.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our Sites that you access may take more time to work or may not function properly.
II. What are cookies?
Cookies are small files containing a string of characters which we may store on your computer or mobile device when you visit one of our websites.  When you visit the website or App again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, Texas Exes) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (i.e. advertising, social media functions and analytics).
III. The Cookies We Use
Cookies make the use of our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of our Sites to Personal Data that you previously submitted.
The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of our Sites, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
The specific types of first party and third-party cookies placed by our Sites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below:
Type of CookiesWho serves these cookiesHow to Refuse
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Texas Exes
Amazon Web Services
These cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Sites and therefore cannot be refused. They can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings, however (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below).
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), but are non-essential to the performance of the Sites.
Texas Exes
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below).
Analytical or Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information about how users access and move through the Sites. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Sites work, or to personalize our Sites to your interests.
Texas Exes
Google Universal Analytics
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
Google Universal Analytics https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to make the advertising displayed on the Sites more relevant to you. These cookies prevent ads reappearing and ensure that ads are properly displayed. Certain third party cookies may track users over different websites or will provide ads relevant to your interests.
Google
DoubleClick
Facebook
For a full list of our other cookie providers, please contact us at: alumni@texasexes.org
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
https://cio.utexas.edu/policies/web-privacy
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; or
http://youronlinechoices.com/.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into our Sites and may also be used for advertising purposes.
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see Section IV, How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
Twitter: https://twitter.com/personalization
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ads/settings
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/1896641480634370?ref=ig
YouTube: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
IV. How to Control Cookies
When you first access our main Site, www.texasexes.org, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “I Agree”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Notice.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time, although you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites. You can do this by clicking the appropriate opt-out provided in the cookie table above or by activating the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies.
Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; or
http://youronlinechoices.com/.
V. Web Beacons
As well as cookies, we use other technologies to recognize and track visitors to our Sites. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-mail, typically in conjunction with a cookie.
Web beacons allows us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within our websites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether users have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how ads have been viewed and to improve site performance.
VI. Targeted Advertising
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
VII. Changes to this Cookie Notice
We may occasionally amend this Cookie Notice to reflect company and customer feedback, and we reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Notice at any time.
The provisions contained in this Cookie Notice supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our use of cookies and similar technology on our Sites.
Please check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Notice was last revised.
We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Cookie Notice to be informed of how Texas Exes is committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our Sites in order to enhance your experience.
VIII. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Notice or Texas Exes’ data practices, please contact us:
Using email at: alumni@texasexes.org
In writing to: The Ex-Students' Association of the University of Texas, P.O. Box 7278, Austin, TX 78713