http://www.waes.ac.uk/privacy
Advanced search: focus your search using the filters below...
Search for:
Location:
Month of course start date:
Any Month
January
Febrary
March
April
May<
June
July
August
September
>October
>November
>December
Search within a department:
Price:
All Prices
£0 - £50
£50 - £100
Over 100
Days of week you can do:
Mon
Tues
Wed
Thurs
Fri
Sat
Sun
Preferred time of day:
Morning
Afternoon
Evening
Show only courses with spaces:
Exclude courses that have finished:
run advanced search
Home
courses
Employers
Services & Support
About us
Contact us
Click on department which interests you....
course details
Privacy & cookies
Privacy & cookies
Privacy & cookiesWAES respects the privacy of anyone who uses the WAES website.WAES gathers important information from our visitors and customers. We publish this Privacy policy to communicate how we gather and use information about you, how we protect it, and how you can participate in its protection.WAES provides its service to you subject to this Privacy policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy policy and we will continue to review it regularly.
Your personal data and fair processingWestminster Adult Education Service is a service of Westminster City Council which, as the Data Controller, holds and processes a considerable amount of information including personal information.For more information on how Westminster City Council processes personal data please visit https://www.westminster.gov.uk/data-protection
Information collected by the website and how we use itWe receive and store information through users submitting HTML forms (such as on our contact us page), and we use it only for the purpose contact was made, normally to contact and initiate a discussion about our courses and services. We do not and will not use this information for any other purpose.We will often include a 'Join mailing list' option on the website, and users on our mailing list will receive occasional newsletters with useful information relevant to our industry and services. Users may choose to unsubscribe at any time. We will not share our mailing list with any third parties.We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. It provides us with anonymous but useful information such as the number of visitors to the website, the browsers used, the pages viewed and for what length of time. We make no attempts to use this data in any way to identify specific users or to discover any personally identifiable information about our users.We will always be transparent and clear about any data we receive from the website.
CookiesCookies are small files web browsers place on a computer's hard drive. They are often used to help us authenticate users as well as to help websites to work more efficiently, and in some cases they are essential and fundamental to the operation of a website - essential scenarios include ecommerce, and while not strictly essential (per se) often website HTML forms will require the use of cookies to work properly.The WAES website stores Google Analytics cookies, which are essential for Google Analytics to work and as mentioned above Google Analytics provides us with extremely valuable information about the use of our website. The data is stored anonymously and includes no sensitive data - the most 'sensitive' data that could be extracted may well be the average number of daily hits to our homepage and how that changes over time - this data poses no risk or threat to the users of the website but is very helpful for us.We have listed below some further information about the Google Analytics cookies:Cookie names: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz. Find out more about Google's privacy policy and safeguards.We embed videos from our official Vimeo channel. Vimeo stores cookies to help with collecting analytics about the use of its videos as well as to ensure effective performance and storing settings such as volume level.Cookie names include: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz on URL .player.vimeo.com. __qca, __utma, __utmv, __utmz, embed_preferences, hid_preference, home_active_tab, pl_volume, stats_end_date, stats_start_date, uid, v6f, vimeo on URL .vimeo.com. Find out more about Vimeo's privacy policy.Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. The cookie named waes_viewed_courses tracks course pages that users have recently viewed to enable the website to show the “Recently viewed courses” tab at the bottom of course details pages for the users own benefit. This cookie is stored for 30 days from the last time it was updated.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Third party sitesThe WAES website contain links to other websites. WAES is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these or other third party websites. Customers and visitors must check the policy statement of these others websites to understand their policies and their use of cookies. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
Opt-out policyYou can opt-out at any time from having us store any of your information, and you can opt-out from our mailing list. Please contact us and let us know what information, or which of our services, you would like to opt-out from.
Correcting and updating your informationTo update or change the information you have provided to us please contact us with your updated details and requirements at info@waes.ac.uk
Enrolment privacy statement - how we use your personal informationThe personal information you provide is passed to the Education and Skills Funding Agency and the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy.The information is used for the exercise of functions of these government departments and to meet statutory responsibilities, including under the Apprenticeships, Skills, Children and Learning Act 2009, and to create and maintain a unique learner number (ULN) and a personal learning record (PLR). The information you provide may be shared with other organisations for education, training, employment and well-being related purposes, including for research. You may be contacted after you have completed your programme of learning to establish whether you have entered employment or gone onto further training or education.You may be contacted by the English European Social Fund (ESF) Managing Authority, or its agents, to carry out research and evaluation to inform the effectiveness of the programme.Further information about the use of and access to your personal data, and details of partner organisations are available at:https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/sfa-privacy-notice
Do you need help choosing a course or study area that is right for you?020 7297 7297info@waes.ac.uk
Cookies on the WAES website: website uses cookies to help ensure the best possible experience on the website.
You can find out more here:
Privacy policy & cookies.
If you continue to browse any other pages on the website we’ll assume you are happy to receive these cookies.
Message
Content of this popup to be provided by WAES.
Close