http://www.sciencemasters.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
National Leadership
Reports & Statistics
Resources
Contact us
Search
About
Program Locator
Get Involved
Membership
Affiliation
News
Events
You are hereHome / Privacy Statement
Title
Privacy Statement
PSM National Office is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the PSM National Office Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the PSM National Office website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationPSM National Office collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, work address or telephone number. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by PSM National Office for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the PSM National Office Web site.PSM National Office encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from PSM National Office so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. PSM National Office is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the PSM National Office and PSM National Office family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationPSM National Office collects and uses your personal information to operate the PSM National Office Web site and deliver the services you have requested. PSM National Office also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from PSM National Office and its affiliates. PSM National Office may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.PSM National Office may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to PSM National Office, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.PSM National Office does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.PSM National Office keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within PSM National Office, in order to determine what PSM National Office services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within PSM National Office to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.PSM National Office Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on PSM National Office or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of PSM National Office; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of PSM National Office, or the public.Use of CookiesThe PSM National Office Web site uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize PSM National Office pages, or register with PSM National Office site or services, a cookie helps PSM National Office to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same PSM National Office Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the PSM National Office features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the PSM National Office services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationPSM National Office secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. PSM National Office secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementPSM National Office will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect organizational and customer feedback. PSM National Office encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how PSM National Office is protecting your information.