http://www.naicu.edu/policy-advocacy/issue-brief-index/regulation/privacy-ferpa-surd
Login
Issues & Advocacy > Issue Briefs > Regulation > Privacy
Print
student Privacy
For over four decades, federal law has guaranteed that students control their own personal and academic information. Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), institutions of higher education are subject to strict privacy requirements in their role as temporary custodians of student records, but it is students who generally determine what may be done with their personal information.
In recent years, one of the most significant challenges to student privacy has come in the form of various proposals to establish a federal student unit record data system (SURD). The systematic collection of data on individual students that would occur under SURD poses a serious and substantial risk to student privacy. Although the Higher Education Act currently prohibits the creation of such a system, some policymakers have advocated for overturning this ban. NAICU, however, has opposed the creation of a student unit record data system due to the belief that the benefits of such a system do not outweigh the risks to student privacy.
About
Since its establishment in 1976, NAICU has advocated in favor of protecting the privacy of students and their educational records. As a result, NAICU strongly supports FERPA and its core goal of protecting the privacy of student records at all levels, from kindergarten through graduate school.
Federal Activities
A variety of privacy-related measures are pending before Congress. Some of these measures would loosen current restrictions on the availability of student information in order to track and evaluate academic and employment outcomes, while others would tighten them to offer greater parental control and curtail commercial use of the information. Many of these proposals would address data security issues as well.
Multiple bills have been introduced during the 116th Congress regarding student information and privacy. The two most prominent bills that seek to gather increased data on students are the College Transparency Act (S. 800/H.R. 1766) and the Student Right to Know Before You Go Act (S. 681/H.R. 1565).
The original version of the College Transparency Act raised significant privacy concerns.  The version introduced in the 116th Congress contains several important new privacy protections, including notice to students, an opportunity for students to inspect and correct their records, data minimization and security provisions, data retention and destruction protocols, and a requirement that data may be made available only for vetted research purposes.  However, because the bill would both repeal the SURD ban and authorize the establishment of a federal student tracking system, NAICU cannot support it.
In contrast, the Student Right to Know Before You Go Act would explore using improved technology to gather – and protect – the information policymakers desire.  Additionally, the proposed bill does not create a permanent federal data repository on each individual U.S. student. Although there are still many unanswered questions about the feasibility of the new technology and the federal and institutional capacity to implement the system envisioned by the Student Right to Know Before You Go Act, NAICU supports further exploration regarding the cost, effectiveness and feasibility of this new approach.  NAICU also believes the Act has the potential to solve the privacy issues that have been central to its concerns with previous proposals.
In the News
It's Time to Tell Students What they Need to Know - The Washington Post Grade Point op-ed by Azer Bestavros of Boston University's Hariri Institute for Computing (8/21/18)
A Bill to Warn Students About Predatory Colleges Without Violating Their Privacy - American Civil Liberties Union (12/12/17)
Push for 'Unit Records' Revived - Inside Higher Ed (5/16/17)
The Astonishing Amount of Data Being Collected About Your Children - Valerie Strauss - The Washington Post (11/12/15)
Big Brother: Meet the Parents – Politico (6/4/14)
The Big Biz of Spying on Little Kids - Politico (5/15/14)
Are Student Files Private? It Depends. - Politico (5/15/14)
NAICU Washington Updates
House Hearing on Transparency Focuses on Student Unit Record and Student Privacy (6/1/17)
Dept. Ed Issues Final FERPA Regulations (12/20/11)
NAICU Submits Comments On Proposed FERPA Regulations (5/24/11)
Resources
NAICU Statement by President David Warren
on The Student Right to Know Before You Go Act (6/7/18)
Strengthening Education Research and Privacy Protections to Better Serve Students - Hearing by the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Education and the Workforce (3/22/16)
Children’s Educational Records and Privacy: A Study of Elementary and Secondary School State Reporting Systems - Center on Law and Information Policy, Fordham University (10/28/09)
NAICU Statement on Collection of Individual Student Data – Presentation by NAICU President David L. Warren to the Maryland K-16 Council (6/7/06)
NAICU Contact
Jody Feder: Jody@NAICU.edu
Top