http://www.iacet.org/pages/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
About IACET
Strategic Plan
Board
IACET Staff
Council
Commission
Committees
IACET Advisory Boards
Petroleum & Natural Gas Advisory Board
Grover Andrews Endowment Fund
Partners and Sponsors
Get Involved
Career Opportunities
Jobs at IACET
Jobs Board
Standards
ANSI/IACET 2018-1 Standard for Continuing Education and Training
Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry Criteria
Guidelines for Competency-Based Learning
Guidelines for Open Digital Badging
IACET's ANSI Accreditation
CE/T Accreditation
Who Recognizes IACET Accreditation?
Benefits
Eligibility
Application Process
Maintaining Accreditation
Reaccreditation
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Membership
About IACET Memberships
Accredited Provider Memberships
Individual Membership
Membership Benefits
Value Proposition of IACET Membership
IACET Membership Awards
List of Accredited Providers
Resources
IACET Store
Accredited Providers List
IACET OpenBadge Verification Tool
Regulatory Resources
Standards and Application Resources
Logo and Advertising Terms
Marketing Resources
Events
Annual Conference
Accreditation Workshops
Accreditation Assistance Webinars
Professional Development Webinars
Open Digital Badging Program
Train-the-Trainer Seminars
21st Century Standards
Petroleum and Natural Gas Continuing Education and Training Symposium
IACET 101: Introduction to IACET Webinar
Training Calendar
Archived Webinars
News
Announcements
eNewsLetters
Archives
IACET Blog
IACET Asia Pacific
Sign-up for Newsletter
Provider Spotlight
IACET understands that protecting your personal information is important to you. As such, we have established this Privacy Policy so that you can understand what information we collect and how we use it. As an www.iacet.org visitor or by purchasing our products and services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and are acknowledging that IACET will use and store your information in the United States of America.
This privacy policy has been updated to comply with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). IACET has no operations located in the EU and maintains all data inside the United States. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards of the United States, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside.
Any future changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted in this statement.
Security
IACET takes every precaution to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected. When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number, the information is encrypted with industry-standard-encryption software, SSL. While on a secure page, such as our membership application, the lock icon displays when using Web browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla FireFox, Apple Safari, Microsoft Edge, and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
IACET is committed to ensuring your personal information is appropriately safeguarded. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures, including encryption, to protect your personal information and privacy, and we review those regularly. We protect your personal information using a combination of physical and IT security controls, including access controls that restrict and manage the way in which your personal information and data is processed, managed and handled. In the unlikely event that we do suffer a security breach which compromises our protection of your personal information, IACET will promptly inform you.
How we collect information on you
While providing you access to the website, as well as products and services, IACET collects and receives personal information in different ways. Often, you can choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require personal information from you to carry out certain activities such as account verification or event registrations. In all cases, we attempt to limit the amount of information needed to what is minimally required to perform the business operation. This section details the ways in which we collect information from you and how that information is received.
Account Registration
Although IACET provides for anonymous participation, in some instances to use certain products and services, IACET requires account registration.  For example, when you: purchase products, sign up for membership, register for events or submit requests for information.
Account registration requires a name associated with your account, an email address at which we can contact you; and, in some cases, additional information including, a shipping address, a billing address, and a password to help secure your personal information.
At times, email and postal addresses are used to contact members to generate volunteer support for the organization or to send surveys to collect data for industry research. Information may also be used to send promotions from IACET sponsors. IACET does not sell its membership lists to third parties. You may review and change your communication and privacy preference settings in your Account Settings.
Profile Information
IACET permits you to provide additional, optional information as part of a public "profile" for use in IACET's private, protected member portal. This additional profile information may be publicly displayed if you choose to complete certain elective components of the Account Profile options.  Account Profile options include your profile picture, your curriculum vitae (CV),  your affiliated role and company, your skills, your interestes and your links to your social networks, and additional contact information if you opt to be included in the Member Directory and to have that information shared with other IACET Members. You may control and modify the profile information in your Account Settings.
IACET's Open Digital Badge Validator Information
For the purposes of validating Open Digital Badges, IACET temporarily stores the uploaded image file to perform the validation. The file is immediately deleted once the validation has been performed, even if the validation is unsuccessful. IACET does not record or otherwise permanently store the image file nor does it persist any provided names, email addresses, personal information, or any other metadata related to the validation of a badge.
Information Collected Automatically
IACET collects and stores limited personal information as anonymous, aggregate statistics from all visitors on our website, whether you actively provide us with that information or merely browse our website. This includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, the browser software you are using, your operating system, the date and time of access, the internet address of the website from which you link through to our website and information on how you use our websites.
IACET use this information to see how long our website takes to load, how it is used, the number of visitors to the different sections of the IACET website, and what information visitors look at most. This information is used to help identify any part of our website that is not working as well as it should so that IACET can make our website even better for you and other users.
IACET does not link information collected from your online interactions with any other records we may have of you.
Your Control of the Information Collected on You
Privacy is a guiding principle of IACET and we value your privacy. To this end, we provide you with the ability to control how your information is stored, and what information is collected. You may change or correct your account settings and choose not to share certain information. Additionally, much of the data we collect is voluntary, and it is entirely your choice to provide it or not. You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly displayed, such as your photo or your curriculum vitae. Should you wish, you may also request the permanent deletion of your account by contacting the Data Protection Officer using the information below, in which case all personal information collected on you will be removed from our servers, except information required by necessity to maintain.
Email Communications
Additionally , you may control the receipt of certain marketing and advertising communications from IACET. Some messages that we send are required and related to our legal obligations or they are service related and mandatory, such as membership billing notices and messages generated as part of accreditation and certification processes. Other messages, such as marketing and advertising communications, are provided by us to let you know about information on products, services, events and special promotions. These types of messages are voluntary, and we provide you with the opportunity to control which voluntary messages you would like to receive in your Account Settings, by providing opt-out choices in every promotional email and fax, by contacting IACET by phone +1 (703)-763-0705, or by fax +1 (703) 603-6274, or by email at info@iacet.org and requesting removal from all e-mail, fax, or mailing lists.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text that are placed as files stored on a user's computer that allows a website to recognize your device and maintain a consistent, cohesive experience throughout multiple sessions. To provide products and services and access to the IACET website, we may place cookies on your device,  as well as partner with third parties including advertising partners, who may use cookies or other similar technologies to provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
General Browsing: We use cookies that are important for certain technical features of our website, like logging into user accounts. These cookies enable behavior in our site that is tailored to the activity or preferences of the person visiting.
Advertising: We use cookies to enable advertising with our third-party partners.
Analytics: We use cookies to compile usage activity to better cater our site offerings to you and to third parties. We DO NOT share identifiable “raw” data with our clients or any third parties;  however, we do make high-level decisions based on aggregated data about site usage.
Restricting Cookies
If you prefer that IACET not to use cookies when you visit the website, you can adjust the settings of your internet browser and choose from the available Cookies setting to best meet your preferences. While setting options may vary from browser to browser, you can generally choose to reject some or all cookies, or instead to receive a notification when a cookie is being placed on your device. For more information, please refer to the user help information for your browser of choice. Please keep in mind that cookies may be required for certain functionalities, and by blocking these cookies, you may limit your access to certain parts or features of our sites and platforms.
Finally, while cookies are set for varying durations on your device, you can manually delete them at any time; however, deleting cookies will not prevent the site from setting further cookies on your device unless you adjust the settings discussed above.
Disclosure of Third-Party Data Processors
IACET uses a third party for credit card processing. This company does not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
IACET also uses outside sources for website hosting. The ISP has access to information stored in our web databases and log files. The data is stored for display or order processing as appropriate. The servers that store this information are in a secure environment provided by our hosting company. IACET staff and their management company who need information to perform a specific job, such as order processing, are granted access to personally identifiable information.
IACET's sponsors have access to statistics regarding the number of click-throughs to their company websites. They have access to information pertaining to their particular advertisment and are not provided any personally identifiable information.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that IACET is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. When you click on links to other sites, please be aware that you are leaving www.iacet.org and that this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on this site.
Amendments to this privacy policy
We will review and update this privacy policy at least once a year to reflect any changes to the way personal information is collected and processed in relation to the products and services offered. If we change our privacy policy, any changes will be posted on this page and notified via the CET Connection Newsletter.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns, or would like to file a complaint about how IACET uses the personal information we hold, you can contact us using the information below.
Data Protection Officer
Randy Bowman
Vice President of Information Technology
21670 Ridgetop Circle
Suite 170
Sterling, VA 20166
Email: privacy@iacet.org
Phone: +1 (703) 763-0705 ext 103
Last Update: May 25, 2018
Address updated on June 26, 2020.
Menu
Home
About IACET
Standards
CE/T Accreditation
Membership
Resources
Events
News
Provider Spotlight
Contact Us
Store
Tweets by IACETorg
Connect with Us
Contact Us
21670 Ridgetop Circle; Suite 170
Sterling, VA 20166
+1 (703) 763-0705 |
+1 (703) 738-7194
info@iacet.org
Office Hours
Weekdays: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time (UTC-5)
Weekends & U.S. Federal Holidays: Closed
Navigation
Home
About IACET
Standards
CE/T Accreditation
Membership
Resources
Events
News
Provider Spotlight
Contact Us
Online Store
Search
Log-in
Social Media