http://www.opendays.com/notices/privacy
Toggle navigation
Opendays.com
Home
Search for a university/college
Browse open day calendar
Advice
My Open Days
09-Jan Virtual Open Day09-Jan Virtual Open Day16-Dec Virtual Open Day09-Jan Virtual Open Day16-Dec Virtual Open Day09-Jan Virtual Open Day
Privacy
Opendays.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
In addition to this privacy notice, please also see our cookie policy.
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Opendays.com collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you register, use the features on our site (such as the My Open Days feature), through the use of data preferences, interactions with advertising or taking part in competitions.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
This website is not intended for children (under 13) and we do not knowingly collect data relating to anyone under 13.
Controller
Opendays.com is a trading name of Expandable Solutions Ltd. and is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Opendays.com, "the site", "website", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
We have appointed a data protection officer ("DPO") who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO by emailing admin@opendays.com – optionally mark the subject title "FAO Data Protection Officer"
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. Registered users can use the My Open Days feature to update their data at any time.
Third-party links
As an online directory, Opendays.com includes many links to third-party websites. We may also use libraries, plug-ins and applications provided and hosted by third-parties (for example, an embedded YouTube video). Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Data we collect about you
When you subscribe to our marketing messaging or become a registered user we collect personally identifiable information about you such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, user name and password. We may ask you for personal information when you register interest in an institituion or open day or complete a survey. We use this information to process your request or to help improve our site.
When personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form.
If you access the site through a social networking profile, we may collect, store and use the details of that social networking profile and any information contained therein in order to populate any forms you might wish to complete on the site. We may also ask you to complete surveys and give feedback that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
This is described in more detail below.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes username, first name, last name.
Contact Data includes email address, telephone numbers, postal address.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your education, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Technical Data includes internet protocol ("IP") address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How your personal data is collected
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions
You may give us your Identity, Contact, Profile and Marketing and Communications Data by filling in forms on our website. This includes personal data you provide when you:
use our site or any of our products and services;
log in or create an account on our site;
book an open day, save an institution or request marketing to be sent to you;
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers, such as Google and Microsoft
Identity, Contact and Profile Data from third party identity providers (including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft or Google), when you choose to register on our site via these third parties
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
The below table describes the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new member
Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include:- Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy- Password changes and notifications
Identity, Contact, Technical, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with youNecessary to comply with a legal obligationNecessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity, Contact, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with youNecessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity, Contact, Technical,
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements and emails to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the products advertising we serve to you
Identity, Contact, Technical, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/ services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Identity, Technical, Profile, Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Personalisation of our site and email experience with Opendays.com
Identity, Contact, Technical, Profile, Usage, Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To deliver seasonal specific email products to you
Identity, Contact, Marketing and Communications
We will always gain consent for non-regular/seasonal products that we may from time to time wish to deliver to you
Third Party use of data
Identity, Profile, Technical, Usage
We will always gain consent for use of your data by third parties
Marketing
We provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. Logged in users can control their contact and marketing preferences in the My Open Days section of the site.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have provided us with your details when you registered and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third-party company marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us
to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us for the purposes of managing your account with us, such as password reset emails.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
External third parties as set out in the Glossary
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We are a UK business and we aim to keep all data and services hosted in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). However in the case of some of our third party providers (for example, an email service provider), some of the data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our third party providers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long we will use your personal data for
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please see at the end of this document to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
Lawful bases
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Third parties
External third parties acting as data processors
Email service providers – SendGrid and MailChimp – they send the emails from us to you – both marketing emails and those helping you manage your account and notifications.
Data analysis service providers – Google Analytics, Microsoft – we use these to collect data on site visitors and pageviews to understand our audience and improve our websites and the services we offer you.
Website maintenance tools – we use to administer and protect our websites.
Hosting service providers – Microsoft – they host our websites and data.
Ad serving providers – Google AdSense, DoubleClick for Publishers, DoubleClick Bid Manager, Facebook – we use these services to deliver relevant advertising to you on our sites and elsewhere and understand the effectiveness of the adverts.
Professional advisers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, legal, insurance and accounting services. Based in the United Kingdom.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities - who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. Based in the United Kingdom.
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.