https://www.buei.bm/policies/
DONATE NOW
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Tripadvisor
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Tripadvisor
ABOUT BUEI
Our Mission
History
Our Crew
Board of Directors
SUPPORT US
Wishlist
Annual Campaign
Education Endowment Funds
Legacy & Bequest
BERMUDA UNDERWATER EXPLORATION INSTITUTE
0 Items
Security and Privacy Policies
Security Policy
We encrypt certain sensitive information (such as credit card information) using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted.
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Website Privacy Statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites. Naturally, if you are not happy with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website.
Types of information collected
We retain two types of information:
“Personal Data”
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, e-mail address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised and telephone number. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
“Non-Personal Data”
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Purposes for which we hold your Information
Non-Personal Data:
We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Personal Data
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to contact you if required to respond to any communications you might send to us;
(b) to be used in statistical reporting regarding our web activities
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order (in such circumstances, the need for disclosure to a third party will have been notified to you at the time your data is collected and that third party will be bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Use of Cookies
BUEI.bm uses cookies to collect non sensitive information on general website usage, to provide social media features, to enable users to navigate around the website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer’s hard disk.
We use two types of cookies on our website, which are:
Session cookies:  temporary cookies that remain in the cookies file of your computer until you close your browser at which point they are deleted.
Persistent or stored cookies: cookies that remain permanently on the cookie file of your computer.
Cookies cannot look into your computer and obtain information or read any material kept on your hard drive and, unless you have logged onto our website, cookies cannot be used to identify who you are. Cookies cannot be used by anyone else who has access to the computer to find out anything about you, other than the fact that someone using the computer has visited a certain website.
Security
The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
Please wait...
Subscribe to receive the latest news for educators!
Enter your email address and name below to be the first to know.
SUMBIT