http://www.lcb.ac.uk/privacy-notice/
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.
Coronavirus Update
Latest update from the College.
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This notice sets out how Leeds College of Building uses and protects the personal information you share with us. It covers why we collect personal information, how we use it, how we store it and how we keep it secure.
At Leeds College of Building, we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Personal information shared with us will only be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
It applies to information we collect from:
Student application and enrolment forms
People who enquiry about courses
People who register to and attend College events
People who request a prospectus
Employers, schools and other partners who enquire about the College
Suppliers
Sub-contractors
Visitors to our website
We have a detailed notice for students that can be accessed here
Change in the law
Until 24 May 2018 we shall process your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (or DPA for short). From 25 May 2018, we shall process your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (or GDPR for short) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (or GDPR for short).
Information we collect on you
When the College collects and processes your personal data we are doing so on our own behalf, and not on behalf of any third parties. We are a data controller under the terms of data protection legislation.
We collect information in the following ways:
Course enquiries – if you enquire about a course or request a prospectus/course guide, we will ask you for basic information, including your name, address, telephone number, email address and specific questions relating to your enquiry. At the time of making the enquiry we will ask for your consent to process your data, allowing us to answer your enquiry efficiently.
Course applications – if you apply and subsequently enrol on a course, the information you supply will be used to enable us to meet the statutory responsibilities outlined by the Government, including creating a unique learner number (ULN). When necessary, the information will be shared with the Education and Skills Funding Agency and the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS). You can read the Student Privacy Notice here.
Event registrations - if you register to attend one of our events, we will ask you for basic information, including your name, address, telephone number, email address and specific questions relating to the event. At the time of registering we will ask for your consent to process your data and ask you to opt-in to receive marketing information.
Schools & employers – we may send you general marketing information to your school or business regarding College news, events, surveys and course information, you can opt-out or update your preferences at any time by emailing – marketing@lcb.ac.uk
Suppliers – the College is required to collect information from suppliers to ensure that our relationship runs smoothly. We require contact details from staff within your organisation so that we can communicate effectively with you. As part of any contractual obligations we may also collect and store bank details so that we can pay for the services you provide.
Site search – when you use the site search facility on our website we collect this data in Google Analytics. The data is collected anonymously and helps us improve the user experience and functionally of the site.
Cookies – when someone visits our website we use cookies to collect information about how visitors use our site. Most websites use cookies, which is a software programme that allows us to improve user experience and to see whether your computer has visited the College’s website before.
If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site – for example, when you enter your login details and move to another page it won’t recognise you and therefore won’t be able to keep you logged in.
You can enable, view or disable your cookies at any time within your internet settings.
Google Analytics - We monitor website visits through third party software called Google Analytics. The cookies collect information anonymously, which means it is done in a way that you cannot be identified. It collects information on visitor behaviour patterns including the number of visitors to the site, pages visited and how visitors have come to the site. These cookies also track users’ interests which can be used for re-targeting advertising on other websites.
You can read more about how Google uses your data here:
How Google uses data
Google Analytics Privacy & Security
Google Analytics Terms of Service
Google Tag Manager Terms of Service
Google Analytics Opt-Out
Facebook advertising – parts of our website contain a Facebook tracking code called “pixel”. This code tracks the pages you have visited and passes this to Facebook so it can be used for targeted advertising. This data is anonymous, the College cannot see any of your personal information. You can read more about Facebook’s data policies here.
General marketing
If you have consented to receive general marketing information from us you can opt-out at any time by contacting the marketing team – marketing@lcb.ac.uk
Keeping your information
We will hold on to your information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of the retention period your data will be deleted or anonymised.
We are currently reviewing our Data Retention Policy in-line with GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018.
You can read the current policy here
You have the right to access the personal information we hold on you. Please email the Data Protection Officer at dpo@lcb.ac.uk
Changes to this notice
We may change this notice and therefore the ways in which your data is processed from time to time. Any changes will be notified via this web page. By using this website, you are agreeing to the terms within this policy.
This policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
Anything you are not clear about
If there is anything you are unclear about, please contact our Data Protection Officer, who shall be happy to answer any queries you may have concerning this notice or the way in which we process your personal data.
The postal address for data protection issues is:
David Pullein Data Protection Officer, Leeds College of Building, Leeds, LS2 7QT.
The email address is: dpo@lcb.ac.uk
Share this article:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter