http://www.homeschoolers.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Homeschooling Info
Getting Started
Homeschool Books & Resources
MN Laws & Forms
Reporting
Immunizations
Yearly Testing
Record Keeping
Student Data Privacy
Connect with other Homeschoolers
Children with Special Needs
Teens
PSEO
Driver’s Ed
Tax Information
About Us
MHA Board
Events
Blog
Picnic
Science Fair
MHA Convention
MHA Used Book Sale
Contact Us
Support MHA!
Shop
Cart
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information when you register on our site as a member, register for an event, respond to a survey, fill out a form or make a donation. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, school district, age information about the children you are homeschooling, credit card information, or username and password. Much of this information is optional. You may also, if you choose, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve member service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your member needs).
To process transactions.
To administer a survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for membership may be used to send you information and updates. Emails are sent out according to what you chose to receive when first registering. Your email preferences may be changed at any time by following the link on the bottom of any email we send out.
How do we protect your information?
All supplied sensitive/credit information is entered directly to the payment gateway provider’s site where it is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information, including credit card information, will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enable the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process registrations and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information for any personal or financial gain for MHA. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential (such as Paypal, who processes credit card transactions for memberships and registrations). We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://homeschoolers.org
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy and the site’s Terms and Conditions.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 8/7/2013.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
mha@homeschoolers.org
PO Box 17312
Minneapolis, MN 55117
© 2013 Minnesota Homeschoolers' Alliance
Privacy Policy