http://www.link2ict.org/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyLink2ICT is part of Capita Birmingham Limited, which is part of Capita PLC. We take care to protect the privacy of customers and users of online Link2ICT services. This privacy notice explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Visitors to our websites and online services
Link2ICT uses common Internet technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to keep track of interactions with our websites and emails. When someone visits www.link2ict.org we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website (www.link2ict.org). We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies and web beacons by Link2ICT
We collect and store statistical information to analyse how our communications are interacted with, allowing us to offer you the ability to speak to and get help from a Link2ICT professional. This data relates to activity via email, on our website and via the Link2ICT portal.Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Emails we send you may use web beacons (single, 1x1 pixel, invisible images that are downloaded when emails are opened). The web beacon itself does not contain any personal data but allows us to monitor whether emails have been correctly received, opened and clicked on, and to improve the overall email experience we provide. By signing up to our newsletter or other email communications, you agree to give us your consent to do this. To unsubscribe to any of the above communications, please contact us - see below.
Collection of personal information
The information which we collect and store during normal use of our websites is used to;
Monitor and analyse how parts of the site are used
Manage and administer any services requested and/or booked
Fair Processing Notice
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, Capita Birmingham Limited is the data controller.
Capita Birmingham Limited is a joint venture company owned by Capita and Birmingham City Council. Link2ICT is a division of Capita Birmingham Limited.
Third parties
We will not disclose any personal information we collect about you to a third party (outside Capita Birmingham Limited), without your consent. By submitting your personal information through this website, you shall be consenting to it being processed in the manner described above by Link2ICT.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to Link2ICT websites/pages so when you link to other websites, you will be required to read their own privacy notices.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 03 May 2018.
Link2ICT Privacy Policy
The above privacy information relates to online activity. To download the comprehensive privacy policy, visit www.link2ict.org/privacy.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy, the information we hold about you or any concerns about how we handle your personal information.
Click here to update your contact information
Click here to opt in to marketing from Link2ICT
Click here to opt out of marketing from Link2ICT
Click here to request what information we hold about you
Click here to contact our Data Protection Officer
How to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
If you have concerns that we have been unable to resolve, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO): https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/raising-concerns/.