http://www.sunymaritime.edu/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the SUNY Maritime College website. This site is designed to make it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with Maritime College. Like all online resources, we recognize that visitors to this website are concerned about their privacy. Maritime College is committed to preserving visitors' privacy when visiting this site.
This policy describes Maritime College's privacy practices regarding information collected from visitors to this website. It also describes what data is collected and how that information is used. Maritime College may, at its sole discretion, change modify, add or delete portions of this policy. Because this privacy policy only applies to this site, visitors should examine the privacy policy of any website, including other state websites, that they access through this website.
Information Collected When Visiting this Website
The Internet Protocol address and domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to the visitor's Internet service provider or directly to their computer, which can be used to direct internet traffic to the visitor;
The type of browser and operating system used by the visitor;
The date and time a user visited this site;
The webpages or services a visitor accessed at this site;
The website a user visited prior to coming to this website;
The website a user visits as they leave this website; and
If a visitor downloaded a file, the file that was downloaded.
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personally identifiable information.
This information is used to improve the website's content and to help Maritime College understand how people are using the site. The information also is collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and of least interest to the site's visitors, and to identify system performance or problem areas. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and SUNY Maritime College does not sell or distribute the information gathered from the website for commercial marketing purposes.
Information Collected When Emailing or Completing a Transaction on This Website
If, during a user's visit to this website, they send an email to Maritime College, their email address and the contents of their email will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video and graphic information formats sent.
A user's email address and the information included in their message will be used to respond to them, to address issues they identify, to improve this website, or to forward their message to another SUNY or State agency for appropriate action. A user's email address is not collected for non-university commercial purposes and Maritime College is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose user email addresses for non-university commercial purposes.
During a user's visit to this site they may complete a survey, register for a class, complete an application, conduct a financial transaction, access an authenticated file, complete an order form or other similar action. The data, including personal information, volunteered by the visitor in completing these types of transactions is used by Maritime College to operate its programs, which include the provision of goods, services and information. The information collected by Maritime College may be disclosed by Maritime College for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
Maritime College does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through this website. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Maritime College strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children's internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information online.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website
Information collected through this website, personal or otherwise, may, if not protected by federal or state law, be subject to disclosure pursuant to law, such as the Freedom of Information Law (FOIL), or court order. Additionally, Maritime College may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Maritime College's information.
Security
Maritime College limits employee access to personally identifiable information from this website to only those employees who need access to perform a specific job. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operations of this site as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
NOTE: The information contained in this policy should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via this website. For site security purposes and to ensure that this Web site remains available to all users, Maritime College employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage to this site.
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among internet websites.
To better serve visitors, Maritime College occasionally uses cookies to enhance or customize the visit to this website. These cookies are created automatically on the device used to access Maritime College's website, they do not contain personal information, and do not compromise privacy or security. Maritime College may use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device used to access this website.
The software and hardware a visitor uses to access this site allows them to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit their ability to take advantage of some features of this website.
Links Disclaimer
In order to provide visitors with certain information, this website provides links to local, state and federal government agencies, and websites of other organizations. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services or accessibility of that website. Once a visitor links to another website from this website, including one maintained by Maritime College, they are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its privacy policy.
Information Disclaimer
Information provided on this website is intended to allow visitors immediate access to public information. While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current and reliable information, Maritime College recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical error. Therefore, Maritime College, its employees, officers and agencies make no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of the information provided by this site, and deny any expressed or implied warranty as to the same.
Contact Information
For questions regarding the privacy policy please contact the Webmaster at SUNY Maritime College.
Right-side Navigation
Accreditation - Middle States
Accreditation - ABET
Centers of Excellence
Consumer Information
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Facts & Figures
Leadership
Mission, Vision & Core Values
New Training Ship Status
Offices and Departments
Privacy Policy
Public Programs
Strategic Planning