http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/D/data-privacy.html
Search
MAIN
BROWSE TERMS
DID YOU KNOW?
REFERENCE
ALL CATEGORIES
STUDY GUIDES
IT CERTIFICATIONS
SPONSORED
RSS
Main » TERM » D »
Data Privacy Definition & Meaning
By Jenna Phipps
Related Terms
privacy statement
Pretty Good Privacy
WEP - Wired Equivalent Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Definition & Meaning
Data Protection Definition & Meaning
Applicability Statement 2
Data Controller Definition & Meaning
DLP – data loss prevention
Data Lake Definition & Meaning
statement
Data privacy is the confidentiality and protection of personal information and the right to access and transfer that data when desired. Personal data is information applicable to one specific person that identifies or clearly refers to them. Some organizations that process data may not consider it personal if it can be applied to multiple people (such as a shared home or IP address). Protected personal data refers to data handed to a controller, either given directly by the owner or taken from the owner's Internet traffic or general activity.
Many national and state governments have regulations for data privacy. Though security (such as encryption) is one component of privacy, it is not the same. Privacy includes an individual's secrecy, right to choose where their data is stored and transferred, and personal freedom (which, over time, lack of data privacy can erode). Organizations often must create a privacy policy or statement, which details how they use customer data. Privacy statements are very thorough documents that help protect the business and the customer alike and explain to third parties how data may and may not be used.
Data protection laws and regulations
The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), introduced in the European Union in 2018, is the best example thus far of legal strictures applied to data protection. Though it isn't perfect, the GDPR lays down thorough data privacy laws that bind all businesses that have EU customers. This includes any companies in the U.S. and elsewhere with customers that live in the European Union (which is most large companies). Under the GDPR:
Businesses must explain how they use data and be open in providing data to its owners. This typically means creating a privacy statement that is available for all users.
Individuals have the right to erasure, which can mean deleting their data from a database or fixing/deleting inaccurate data.
Individuals have the right to portability (moving or transferring data that was provided to a controller).
In the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) that went into effect in 2020 has requirements similar to GDPR. HIPAA protects medical wellness data for healthcare patients, and PCI DSS requires businesses to employ adequate encryption and security measures when processing card payments. Though these laws do not ensure perfect data protection, they attempt to provide privacy for customers through stringent regulations. Regardless, data breaches occur regularly. Millions of customers' data is compromised on a monthly basis. Companies such as Microsoft and Walgreens saw data breaches in the earlier months of 2020.
Data privacy and advanced technology
Intelligent devices in individuals' homes further complicate data privacy. Ubiquitous computing is the unobtrusive technology within our smartphones and devices that smoothly collects data and learns from it. This helps devices learn more about users and suggest things like appropriate songs, restaurants, and fitness techniques for them, but it also means that devices are gathering ever more data about their users. Webcams that gather physical data and microphones that listen to conversations cause reasonable concern about privacy.
Facial recognition is another concern: it can assist in locating criminals, but it can also fail to accurately identify people. Facial recognition technology is advancing significantly, but it has little legal regulation thus far. Some regulations have been suggested for mass surveillance, as it limits personal privacy and secrecy and can be misused in the process of identifying criminals.
PREVIOUSdata modelingNEXTdata processing
Related Links
Data Privacy Guide: Definitions, Explanations and Legislation
What is personal data?
The right to data portability under EU data protection law
Facial Recognition Is Here But We Have No Laws
2020 Data Breaches | The Worst So Far
WEBOPEDIA NEWS
Stay up to date on the latest developments in Internet terminology with a free newsletter from Webopedia. Join to subscribe now.
LATEST ARTICLES
Texting & Chat Abbreviations
From A3 to ZZZ we list 1,559 text message and online chat abbreviations to help you translate and understand today's texting lingo. Includes Top...
Read More »
Huge List of Computer Certifications
Have you heard about a computer certification program but can't figure out if it's right for you? Use this handy list to help you decide.
Read More »
STUDY GUIDES
Computer Architecture Study Guide
Computer architecture provides an introduction to system design basics for most computer science students.
Read More »
Network Fundamentals Study Guide
Networking fundamentals teaches the building blocks of modern network design. Learn different types of networks, concepts, architecture and...
Read More »
The Five Generations of Computers
Learn about each of the five generations of computers and major technology developments that have led to the computing devices that we use...
Read More »
Browse Technology Definitions:
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ _
0123456789
Webopedia
Definitions:
Browse Terms
Previous Terms
Recent Terms
All Categories
Articles:
IT Certifications
Did You Know
Quick Reference
Study Guides
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Service |
About Us |
Privacy Notice |
Contact Us |
Advertise |
Sitemap |
California - Do Not Sell My Information
Advertiser Disclosure: