http://www.monroecollege.edu/right-know/it-department-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
The Information Technology Department
Terms and Conditions
Jump to...
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Intellectual Property and Trademark Information
Usage and Monitoring of Monroe College Websites
Warranties and Disclaimers
International Users
Spam Email and Postings
Monroe College SMS Terms & Conditions
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
General
Privacy Policy
Monroe College’s Terms and Conditions are governed by and in accordance with the laws of New York State. Please read this document carefully before accessing any of the Monroe College websites.
When accessing or using the Monroe College websites, including use of services, downloading materials, or browsing, you agree to and are bound by the Terms and Conditions included herein, and to any changes that Monroe College may publish from time to time. Your continued access or use of any of the Monroe College websites and their materials or services constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Monroe College may change the Terms and Conditions from time to time at its sole discretion. Your continued access or use of the websites, or any of its materials or services, constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Your access and use will be subject to the most current version of the posted Terms and Conditions at the time of such use.
We ask that you regularly check this page to view current Terms and Conditions. If you breach any of the terms of use, your access and/or use the College’s websites, their services and materials will automatically terminate. (At that time, any materials you may have downloaded or printed from the websites will be in violation of the terms of use, and must be immediately destroyed.)
Intellectual Property and Trademark Information
All materials and services made available through the Monroe College websites are protected by copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and all other intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree not to copy, republish, download, transmit, or modify any portions of the websites except as expressly authorized herein. In addition, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods in connection with the websites.
The trademarks, service marks, logos, URLs, and domain names displayed on the College’s websites are the property of Monroe College, and cannot be used without prior written consent of the College.
Usage and Monitoring of Monroe College Websites
You agree to pay all costs and charges, including phone charges and telecommunications equipment costs incurred to access or use the Monroe College websites, their services or materials. By using the websites, you agree to use the services only to access, download, utilize, post, send, or receive materials in an appropriate manner as related to their intended use. You are solely responsible for the content of any transmissions you make from the Monroe College websites to any member of the college community.
While Monroe College has no obligation to monitor its websites and is not responsible for the content of any messages, information, or files transmitted, the College reserves the right to delete and take other appropriate action which, in its sole discretion, it deems objectionable or otherwise in violation of the terms of use, including denying access to the websites to anyone at any time. Use of the College websites constitutes consent to such actions, monitoring, and auditing.
When posting or submitting materials to the Monroe College websites, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the intellectual property rights and other rights to such materials, including all the rights necessary for you to post or submit such materials. You are solely and entirely responsible for all materials that you post, and agree that you assume all risks associated with the use of such materials including any reliance on their accuracy, completeness, or usefulness. You acknowledge and agree that by accessing or using the College’s websites or its services, you may be exposed to material from others that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable.
If you do not agree to all of the Terms and Conditions contained in this document, do not access or use the Monroe College websites.
Warranties and Disclaimers
The websites, services, and materials are provided by Monroe College under these terms of use “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, whether by statute, common law, custom, usage or otherwise, including, but not limited to, performance, security, integration, quiet enjoyment, satisfactory quality, and the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchant-ability or fitness for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, Monroe College makes no warranty that (a) the websites, their services, or materials will meet your requirements; (b) the websites, their services, or materials will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (c) the results that may be obtained from use of the websites will be effective, accurate, or reliable; (d) the quality of the websites or any services or materials purchased or accessed by you will meet your expectations; and (e) any errors or defects in the websites will be corrected.
When using the Monroe College websites, you acknowledge and agree that the College does not control, endorse, or accept responsibility for any materials or services offered by third parties and third parties accessible through linked sites. Any dealings you may have with such third parties are at your own risk
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Monroe College will have no liability related to submitted materials arising under intellectual property rights, libel, privacy, publicity, obscenity or other laws. Monroe College also disclaims all liability with respect to the misuse, loss, modification or unavailability of any submitted materials.
The use of the site, services or the downloading or other use of any materials is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, loss of data or other harm that results from such activities. Monroe College assumes no liability for any computer virus or other similar software code that is downloaded to your computer from the site or in connection with any services or materials. Monroe College will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or student account with respect to the websites, their services or materials, either with or without your knowledge.
Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.
International Users
The Monroe College websites can be accessed from countries around the world, but may contain references to Monroe College services and programs that are not available in your country. These references do not imply that Monroe College intends to announce such services or programs in your country. The websites are controlled, operated, and administered by Monroe College from within the United States of America. If you access the websites from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws and USA export control laws, to the extent applicable.
Spam Email and Postings
In the event of your or others’ access to or use of the Monroe College websites, their services or materials in connection with the transmission of spam newsgroup postings or unsolicited e-mail in violation of these terms of use, you acknowledge and agree that Monroe College would be irreparably harmed thereunder, and that monetary damages would be an insufficient and ineffective remedy; therefore, you agree that Monroe College is entitled to obtain immediate injunctive relief against any such transmission (in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity). Monroe College may without restriction block, filter, or delete unsolicited e-mail.
Monroe College SMS Terms & Conditions
To join Monroe College Alerts, which includes up to four emergency text messages per month please contact info@monroecollege.edu. Each text will direct you to either reply HELP for help, or STOP to cancel. Message and data rates may apply.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, Cellsouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile.
T-Mobile® is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Monroe College Alerts, text STOP to 96971. For additional help, text HELP to 96971 or contact info@monroecollege.edu or call 1-800-556-6676. Monroe College respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Monroe College its affiliates or their respective officers, directors, partners, employees, or agents be liable to you or any third party for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages or losses of any kind, or any damages or losses whatsoever, including those resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not foreseeable or if Monroe College has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, and on any theory of liability, including breach of contract or warranty, negligence or other tortious action, or any other claim arising out of or in connection with: (a) the access or use of or the inability to access or use the site, services, or materials; (b) the statements or actions of any third party on or via the site, services or materials; (c) any dealings with vendors or other third parties; (d) any unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions, user materials or other data; (e) any information that is sent or received or not sent or received; (f) any failure to store or loss of data, files, materials or other content; (g) any services available that are delayed or interrupted; (h) any web site referenced or linked to from this site; or (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use any linked site.  Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages.  Accordingly, the limitations and exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Monroe College and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, partners, employees, or agents harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) materials and any other content (e.g., computer viruses) that you may submit, post to, or transmit through the websites; (b) your access to or use of the websites; (c) your violation of the terms of use; (d) your infringement of any third party’s intellectual property rights when using or accessing the websites; or (e) your violation of the rights of any third party.
General
The Terms and Conditions of use and other rules, guidelines, and disclaimers posted via the Monroe College websites constitute the entire agreement between you and Monroe College with respect to your access of the websites, their materials, and services. You expressly acknowledge that your obligations and responsibilities under Monroe College’s policies are not superseded by the terms of use of the Monroe College websites. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the terms of use, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties as reflected by that provision, and the remainder of these terms of use shall continue in full force and effect. Any failure by Monroe College to enforce or exercise any provision of the terms of use or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.
Privacy Policy
The Monroe College Privacy Policy can be found here.
Questions?
Talk to us
Visit us
Apply