http://www.monroecollege.edu/right-know/it-department-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
The Information Technology Department
Privacy Policy
Jump to...
Monroe College Privacy Policy
Information Automatically Collected
Disclosure to Third Parties
Security
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information
When and Where This Privacy Policy Applies
Your Rights
Data Privacy Contact
Monroe College Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Monroe College is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable web experience possible. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of how we collect information on our websites, how we use the information that is collected, and how we protect any information that you choose to provide us. Terms and Conditions of use may be found here.
Please read the document carefully before accessing any of the Monroe College websites.
Monroe College’s Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions are governed by and in accordance with the laws of New York State. By using any of the Monroe College websites, you consent to the collection and use of information as described herein.
Information Automatically Collected
When you browse through any website, certain information about you may be collected. The categories of information that we collect directly from you include the following:
Personal details (your name, date of birth)
Contact details (your phone number, email address, postal address, mobile phone number for yourself, your parents or guardians, and/or other emergency contacts)
Account details (a username and password)
Transaction details (purchases made or responses to offers)
Communications (your participation in message boards, forums, polls, surveys, written review, contact with a comment, question, or request)
Gender identity, if you consent to provide such information by answering an optional question on a Residential Life housing form
Immigration information (for international students - your passport and visa information)
Employment information (a resume showing work history and job title)
Your academic, housing, and extracurricular preferences
Photographs for use in identification
Emergency contact details (names of emergency contacts and their contact information; plus information about your next of kin)
In addition, we may generate some personal information about you in the context of your use of Monroe College websites. This may include your student identification number, a record of our interactions with you, and internal notes about your inquiry into our programs and services.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Personal information collected on Monroe College websites is not disclosed to third parties unless the third party is an institutionally authorized provider of services to the College. Users of these services are subject to the privacy policies established by the third party provider. One such third party provider of services is Google, Inc., whose Google Analytics product is used to analyze website traffic in the aggregate so that we can make our websites more useful to you. You may review Google's full privacy policy here.
Monroe College reserves the right to disclose collected information under special circumstances, such as in connection with judicial proceedings or if, in the sole discretion of the College, disclosure is necessary to protect the interests of Monroe College.
Security
Monroe College has security measures in place to protect against the misuse, alteration or loss of information associated with its websites. However, due to the nature of the internet, there is no guarantee that any data transmitted can be completely secured. Therefore, any data is submitted at your own risk.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information
The College is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through monroecollege.edu against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, the College limits employee access to personal information collected through Monroe College websites to only those employees who need it in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, the College has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of our websites as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of Monroe College websites for all users, the College employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage the websites.
When and Where This Privacy Policy Applies
Monroe College is located in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States. If you are located elsewhere and you voluntarily submit personal information to us, your information will be used as provided in this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we store about you and to alert us if that information needs to be updated or corrected in any way. You have the right to request that such information be deleted when it is no longer needed by the College.
Data Privacy Contact
If you have a question or concern about the privacy and protection of your personal information, please contact the College's Registrar at registrar@monroecollege.edu.
Questions?
Talk to us
Visit us
Apply