http://www.ironbridge.org.uk/legal/shop-terms-conditions/
Shop Terms & Conditions
Menu
Buy Tickets online
Menu
Search for
Search
Search
Home
Explore
Explore the Ironbridge attractions
Attractions
Blists Hill Victorian Town
Jackfield Tile Museum
Coalbrookdale Museum of Iron
Museum of The Gorge
The Iron Bridge & Tollhouse
News & Events
Latest news
Events, Workshops & Activities
Plan
Plan your trip to Ironbridge
Ticket prices
Opening times
How to get here
Where to eat
Where to stay
Help & FAQs
Groups
Access Information
Visiting with dogs
Our story
The Ironbridge Story
Sector Support
Volunteering
Support us
World Heritage Site
The Iron Bridge
Timeline
Careers
2020 Ironbridge Floods
Friends of Ironbridge
Learning
Educational trips, workshops and more at Ironbridge...
Museum Collections
Venue Hire
Unique venues for weddings & corporate events
Corporate venues
Weddings at Ironbridge
Tickets
Buy tickets online
Buy attraction tickets
Buy tickets
We only sell our best value Annual Passports online. Single attraction tickets are available on the gate.
Family
(1 Adult + up to 4 children)
Family
(1 Adult + up to 4 children)
This ticket offers daytime admission to all of the open museums for a family of 1 adult + up to 4 children (aged 5-16 incl). Annual Passport Tickets are valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £50.00
Special Offer £45.00
Family Annual Pass
(2 Adults + up to 4 children)
Family Annual Pass
(2 Adults + up to 4 children)
This ticket offers daytime admission to all of the open museums for a family of 2 adults + up to 4 children (aged 5-16 incl). Annual Passport Tickets are valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £75.00
Special Offer £65.00
Adult
Adult
Daytime admission to all of the open museums valid for 12 months from the date of first use.
Regular price £27.50
Special Offer £20.00
Child/Student
Child/Student
Daytime admission to all of the open museums valid for 12 months from the date of first use for children aged 5-16 (incl), or people in full time education.
Regular price £17.50
Special Offer £12.00
Buy tickets
Home
Legal
Shop Terms & Conditions
Please find the terms and conditions relevant to purchases from our online gift shop below.
All sales support the conservation, restoration and educational activities of the Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust (IGMT).
IGMT Trading is part of the Ironbridge Company Trading Company. Company Registration Number 1343616
The following terms and conditions will apply between you and IGMT Online Shop for the sale and purchase of the items contained in your basket. The terms do not affect your statutory rights.
Product Descriptions and Availability
Every care has been taken to ensure accuracy of description, specifications, colour and price of products. However, discrepancies may occur or details may change due to circumstances beyond our control.
We try to display as accurately as possible the colours of our products that appear on the IGMT Online Shop website. However, as computer monitors vary, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colour will be completely accurate.
If we discover an error in the price or description of goods already ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and ask that you to reconfirm your order or give you the option to cancel it. If we are unsuccessful in contacting you,  we will consider the order cancelled. If we cancel your order, you will receive a full refund.
Sizes are given as a guide only. Please be aware that handmade items are subject to variations in size, colour and shape owing to the unique nature of the product. Goods will be sent to the address given by you in your order and stated in the Order Confirmation. Please note that occasionally goods ordered may be sent to you in installments. We will make every effort to advise you (by email) if this is the case.
All items are offered subject to availability.
Prices include tax, if applicable.
Postage and packing is an additional charge which will be calculated at checkout. For details please see information on the Postage and Packing tab.
Acknowledgement of Order
Once your order is completed you will be sent an e-mail confirmation. It will state what products are on order, the total cost including VAT (where appropriate) and Post & Package charges, together with delivery and invoice details. If for any reason your order cannot be processed, a member of the customer services team will contact you to explain the nature of the difficulty.
Payment
The checkout is powered by Stripe for your added convenience, security and privacy. You can order and pay online by Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Maestro.
Stripe will process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through the IGMT Online Shop website.
If you prefer to order over the phone or discuss multiple/bulk orders please call our Retail team on 01952 435 900.
All credit and charge card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorise payment to us, your order will not be accepted and IGMT will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
International Shipping
If your delivery address is not within the United Kingdom, you may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. You should note that customs policies vary widely and IGMT advises each customer to contact their local customs office for further information.
You should be aware that cross-border shipments are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
IGMT Guarantee
We hope that you are happy with your purchase, however if you are not, please return it to us in its original condition within 28 days of receipt and we will be happy to exchange it or give you a refund. Your statutory rights as a consumer are not affected.
Returns
Wherever possible, please return the items in their original (or similarly robust) packaging. You can cancel your order by telephoning 01952 435900 or by email to sales@ironbridge.org.uk
Returns should be sent to:
Retail DepartmentThe Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust CoalbrookdaleTelfordShropshireTF8 7DQ
You may also return an online order in person to the Ironbridge Gorge Museum. Please contact us on sales@ironbridge.org.uk or 01952 435 900 to organise this.
If you require a different item, please return the original item and contact us or write your request on the paperwork that is sent with the parcel to request a different size/colour and we’ll do our best to get one out to you upon receipt.
Return postage charges are non-refundable unless your order was faulty or incorrect.
International customs duties and sales taxes are not refunded for shipments outside the EU. If you are returning anything to us from outside the EU you must complete a customs declaration correctly indicating that the package contains “returned goods” or similar. We will not pay customs duty in order to receive back the returned item(s).
In the rare event that goods are delivered faulty or damaged please contact on 01952 435 900 or email sales@ironbridge.org.uk so we can arrange a replacement or a refund. Goods are classified as faulty if they are received damaged, or when a manufacturing fault occurs within 6 months of purchase. Items that are damaged as a result of wear and tear are not considered to be faulty. Any refunds granted will be credited to the Debit or Credit Card used at the time of order processing. Once we receive the item(s), we will issue a refund or replacement(s), whichever is requested and depending upon availability. Refunds will be issued within 14 days of receipt of the returned goods. A refund will be issued or postage paid only when the item is found to be defective or incorrectly supplied from the original order. If you fail to return goods at your expense, IGMT reserves the right to charge the direct costs for their recovery and may offset that amount against any refund due.
Please note that when returning an item, the parcel is your responsibility until it reaches us. We recommend that you ask your Post Office for a proof of posting (available free of charge). This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
If you would like further information regarding the products or delivery options, please telephone our Retail Officer on 01952 435 900. Alternatively email sales@ironbridge.org.uk. Please note our office opening hours are Monday to Friday 9.00-17.00 (GMT).
Force Majeure
Ironbridge Online Shop shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to goods delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond its reasonable control.
Data Protection
IGMT Online Shop will never make your personal details available to other companies for marketing purposes. See our Privacy Policy for more information.
Validity
By ordering a product you accept these terms and conditions. The terms and conditions are subject to change at any time, and it is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions regularly before ordering products in case there are any changes. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Follow us online:
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Trip Advisor
Support
Contact us
Careers
Filming & Location Hire
Legal
Privacy & Cookies
Ticket Terms & Conditions
Shop Terms & Conditions
Special Event Terms & Conditions
Extras
Green Museum
Charity Requests
Investors in People
The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust is a registered educational charity Ref No. 503717-R. The Ironbridge Gorge is a World Heritage Site.
©2020
The Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust. Website by Semantic.