http://www.lcsc.edu/terms-of-use
\
Terms of Use
Share
Terms of Use
1. Acceptance of Terms.  These Website Terms of Use, as updated from time to time by Lewis-Clark State College ("LCSC"), apply to this website which is published by a LCSC education, research, or service area (internal or external to LCSC) ("website"). You should carefully read these Website Terms of Use before using the website. This is a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree with these Website Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use this website.
2. Access to Password-Protected Areas.  Access to certain portions of this website ("Password-Protected Areas") may require login and password information. You must have this information in order to access these areas.
3. Online Privacy Statement.  The use of your personally identifiable and non-personal information will be governed by the LCSC Online Privacy Statement. Your use of this website indicates that you have read and agree to the LCSC Online Privacy Statement.
4. Prohibited Behavior.  You are responsible for your behavior in your use of this website and for respecting LCSC's and third parties' (person or entity) rights in connection with the website and its content.
You may not use this website for any purpose or in any manner that violates any local, state, or federal law or regulation or the law or regulation of any foreign government.
You may not violate LCSC's or third parties' rights via downloading, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise using this website.
You may not use this website to post or send any infringing, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, or pornographic material.
You may not use or exploit any portion of this website to distribute commercial messages, "spam," or other unsolicited communications.
You may not directly or indirectly, intentionally disrupt or interfere with this website in any manner that may materially adversely affect LCSC or any third party.
You may not take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on LCSC's network infrastructure, as determined by LCSC in its sole discretion.
You may not bypass any measures LCSC may use to prevent or restrict access to this website.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties.  The use of this website is solely at your own risk. This website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. LCSC expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to this website whether express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. LCSC expressly disclaims any responsibility for the actions of any other user of this website. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. LCSC makes no warranty that this website will meet your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, accurate, complete or error-free or that the results that may be obtained by use of the site will be accurate or reliable. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the site is to cease to use this website. You may have other rights which may vary from state to state.
6. Exclusions and Limitation of Liability. You expressly understand and agree that LCSC shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data loss, or other losses (even if advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from any matter related to your use of this website.
7. Intellectual Property.  This website and its contents are owned by LCSC or third parties and are protected by law, including but not limited to copyright and trademark law. Certain content, such as copyrighted materials and trademarks, are used by permission of third parties. Except as allowed by law (such as fair use) or as expressly permitted in connection with specific content, this website and its contents may not be reproduced, modified, distributed, displayed, performed, or used in any way without the prior written permission of LCSC or the third-party owner.
8. Copyright Violations.  Copyright Violations will be governed by the LCSC Copyright Policy. Your use of this website indicates that you have read and agree to the LCSC Copyright Policy.
9. Links.  This website may include links to other websites. You acknowledge and agree that such links are provided for your convenience and do not reflect any endorsement by LCSC with respect to the linked site or its provider. LCSC makes no representations or warranties with respect to any linked website: Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
10. Jurisdiction and Venue.  This agreement and the relationship between you and LCSC will be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that venue with respect to any dispute between you and LCSC will rest exclusively in the state or federal courts.
11. Changes.  From time to time, LCSC may change this website and/or the Website Terms of Use. If a change to these Website Terms of Use is made, LCSC will post the revised Website Terms of Use on this website. LCSC reserves the right to add to or change this website or cease offering this website at any time and without liability. LCSC reserves the right to refuse to offer access to this website and/or its content to anyone at any time without notice.
12. Miscellaneous.  These Website Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and LCSC relating to this website. There is no agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between any user and LCSC arising solely through the use of this website. These Website Terms of Use are binding upon your successors, assigns, heirs and executors. If any provision of these Website Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Website Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of LCSC to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Website Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition. Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the website or these Website Terms of Use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose. The section titles of these Website Terms of Use are merely for convenience and will not have any effect on the substantive meaning of this agreement.
13. Your Responsibility.  The Internet is a valuable tool for LCSC's education, research, or service areas. LCSC encourages you to be mindful of the intent and purpose of its websites and be responsible for safeguarding your personally identifiable information.
Children.
If under the age of 18: Some internet sites may ask you to share information about yourself. Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to LCSC, be sure to ask your parents for permission.
If under the age of 13: If you are under the age of 13, your parent/legal guardian will need to verify that they permit you to disclose personally identifiable information via the respective LCSC website.
Parents/Legal Guardians. LCSC encourages you take an active role in your children's use of the internet by talking with them about safe and responsible computing before sending any information about themselves over the internet.
Children under the Age of 13: If your child is under the age of 13, LCSC requests that you review the website and follow requested verification procedures before permitting your child to submit personally identifiable information.
14. Termination.  LCSC may block, suspend, or terminate your use of the website at any time for any reason.  Reasons LCSC might do so include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) your breach of this agreement; (b) LCSC is unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) LCSC believes that your actions could cause financial loss or legal liability to LCSC or other users of this website; (d) routine network maintenance affecting all users; or (e) your use of this website or service in a manner that violates the law or LCSC policies.
15. Contact Information.  If you have questions about these Website Terms of Use, you should contact the LCSC education, research, or service area (internal or external to LCSC) which publishes the website. Many websites will contain contact information.
top