http://www.getprepped.com/privacy-policy-enrollment-terms
Free Consultation +1-800-321-7214
Home
Free LSAT Questions
Live Classes
2 & 3 Weekend Prep Course
1 Weekend Prep Course
Dates & Locations
Student Testimonials
Our Teachers
Higher Score or it is Free
Enrollment Info
Personal Tutoring
Tutoring options
Tutoring Locations
Student Testimonials
Our Teachers
Enrollment Info
Video Classes
Video Class Options
Higher Score or it is Free
Student Testimonials
Enrollment Info
More
On-line materials login
Student Testimonials
Video testimonials & free video tips
Our Teachers
Our LSAT review course vs. Kaplan LSAT and Princeton Review LSAT
Higher Score or it is Free
Law School Applications Help
Enrollment Info
Free sample LSAT and more
Scholarships
Contact Us
Blog
LSAT prep classes and tutoring at a great price
Privacy policy and enrollment terms
Money Back Guarantee-
Come to class and do the work. If your LSAT score does not increase (for live class students) or does not increase by 5 or more points (for video class students), you will be be fully refunded.
This guarantee applies to the video classes, single weekend classes, and multiweekend classes. It does not apply to tutoring programs/tutoring hours. The initial and second LSAT scores must be from LSAC-administered tests. (But, for three-weekend schedule students only, we will alternatively accept your score on the first in-class diagnostic test.) The second test must be taken within 21 days of the last class meeting. Refund requests must be submitted within 60 days of the last day of class.
Retake the Class Guarantee-
Single weekend and multiweek students can retake the class once during the next 12 months. The cost is $30 for the single weekend class, and $45 for the multiweekend class. Please call to register 1-4 weeks before the class. Don’t delay, late retaker registrations must pay the late registration fees listed below. Retaker registrations are not accepted in the week before the class. Video class students can retake the class for up to 12 months for free. No materials are provided.
General Terms Applicable to Video Class, Single Weekend Class, Multiweekend Class, Tutoring, and Admissions Counseling:
This is a contract is between you, “student” or “you” and Get Prepped L.L.C., a limited liability company, “company” or “Get Prepped.” A $45 service fee is charge for checks that are returned unpaid for any reason. Student agrees not to allow others the opportunity to posses or view the course materials or information derived from course materials or class instruction. Student warrants and represents that student is not an agent or employee of any test preparation company. Except as otherwise provided below, the company will provide quality service but does not guarantee a specific score result and is not responsible for errors, omissions, or deficiencies in any test performed, or in any evaluation, consultation, or advice given by or on behalf of the company. The company contracts with non-employee third-party independent contractors to provide student instruction and counseling services. The third-party independent contractors are not subject to the control or supervision of company. The third-party independent contractors are not agents of the company, and can not bind the company to any obligation, nor is company responsible for acts or omissions of the contractor, including fitness or suitability of meeting sites selected by the contractor. Company is not responsible for the fitness or suitability of meeting sites selected by, or agreed to by student and/or contractor. Student may not rely on representations of the contractor of an agency relationship with the company. Student agrees that the company may provide student’s contact information to other entities who provide products and services that the company believes may be of interest to the student. Superseding any cancellation provisions listed below, if a tutoring program or class course(s) is/are canceled, delayed, or otherwise disrupted by, or due to, national emergency, local emergency, natural disaster, civil disturbance, act of war (declared or undeclared), act of terrorism, act of God, adverse weather, or cancellation or delay of an LSAT test administration in one or more locations, student’s refund right is limited to a nonrefundable credit for a future class.
Course meeting times, dates and locations may be altered or canceled at any time at the company’s sole discretion. The company will contact you by phone and/or e-mail of any changes for a course you are registered for. The company does not guarantee a course will be given at an advertised location. If a course is canceled by the company, all payments will be refunded and this shall be the limit of the company’s liability. Company is not responsible for any travel, lodging, or other incidental costs or fees that student may incur due to a canceled course or attending a course.
Claims relating to this agreement are governed by the laws of the state of Colorado, excluding its conflict of laws rule; and jurisdiction is in Boulder County. This is the entire agreement and can not be modified by the company unless done so in writing. Unenforceable provisions will be severed. Student has read and believes he or she understands this contract and signifies acceptance of these terms by enrolling in a course and/or attending any part of a course. These terms and conditions are subject to change without advance notice.
Single Weekend Class course, additional terms:
The company guarantees that there will be a maximum of 12 students per course. Students taking the course under the retake policy do not count towards this maximum.
If a student cancels their enrollment more than 28 days prior to their scheduled class date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $30 cancellation fee. If the student cancels their enrollment fewer than 28, but more than 14 days prior to their scheduled class date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $60 cancellation fee. If the student cancels their enrollment fewer than 14, but more than 8 days prior to their scheduled class date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $99 cancellation fee. If student cancels 8 or fewer days prior to the first class, but does not attend any class sessions, a nonrefundable credit towards a future course will be given. For purposes of refund requests only, if a student requests to be placed in a future course date and then subsequently cancels that later course date, or the company does not conduct the requested course, the cancellation fee will be the greater of the two possible cancellation fees. If a student is dissatisfied with their class, they may leave at any time during the Introduction and Diagnostic sessions, but before the beginning of the first substantive lecture (typically Saturday late morning). The teacher will not make any announcements during the class regarding this. Student must notify the company within 5 days that they left the class in accordance with this agreement. Student will then receive a full refund, minus a $159 materials and deposit fee.
Multiweekend Class, additional terms:
The company guarantees that there will be a maximum of 12 students per multi-week course. Students taking the course under the retake policy do not count towards this maximum.
If a student cancels their enrollment more than 28 days prior to their scheduled course commencement date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $60 cancellation fee. If the student cancels their enrollment fewer than 28, but more than 14 days prior to their scheduled course commencement date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $99 cancellation fee. If a student cancels their enrollment fewer than 14, but more than 8 days prior to their scheduled course commencement date, all payments are fully refunded, minus a $149 cancellation fee. If a student cancels 8, or fewer, days prior to the first class, and does not attend any class sessions, a nonrefundable credit towards a future course will be given. For purposes of refund requests only, if a student requests to be placed in a future class date and then subsequently cancels that later class date, the cancellation fee will be the greater of the two possible cancellation fees.
Tutoring and Admissions Counseling, additional terms:
For LSAT Tutoring the company will provide instruction in LSAT strategies, study methods, test-taking techniques, test performance feedback, other related tasks, and at the student’s option, admission’s counseling. In the Admissions Counseling the company will help student chart law school goals, target schools, chart application schedule and strategy, edit resumes and personal statements, and do other related tasks. The student may withdraw from the Tutoring, “tutoring,” [or Admissions Counseling, “counseling”] and return all materials in a reasonably unused condition, up to 72 hours after the first meeting session, but before the second meeting session, and receive a full refund, minus a $50 administration fee [$20 fee for counseling.]. The cost to ship the materials is not refunded. The company will provide up to 15 hours of tutoring [5 hours of counseling]. There is no refund for unused time. The 15 [or 5] hours must be used within 90 days of the registration date, after which time the hours are forfeited. The instructor will make him or herself available at objectively reasonable dates, times, and locations. Student will discuss dates, times and locations during or before the first meeting to ensure student’s satisfaction with proposed tentative dates, times and locations. If a student cancels or reschedules an appointment more than 24 hours in advance of the agreed-upon session there is no charge against tutoring [or counseling] hours. If student cancels fewer than 24 hours before the session, the instructor has sole discretion whether to charge up to 1 hour against tutoring hours [1 hour against counseling hours.] Instructor will make reasonable allowances for personal emergencies, weather delays, etc. A “no-show” by a student results in a charge of up to 2 hours against tutoring hours [1 hour against counseling hours], subject to the sole discretion of the instructor. Any hours that exceed the contracted tutoring/counseling hours will be charged at $60 per hour. Hourly tutoring/counseling that is not done within the 15 or 5 hour programs, or if a student cancels their 15 or 5 hour program after meeting for more than 2 hours, will be billed at $120/hr plus materials.
Contact Us Phone: +1-800-321-7214
Email us
Classes offered nationwide
Tweets
"Zack is a GREAT teacher. He is very smart and really helped me improve my score drastically, by 10 points." M. Young, St. Louis MO.
---
"It was perfect. The teacher was very good at conveying the aspects I didn't understand. It was definitely worth the money." W. Mills
---
"My tutor was great, he helped with not only the formal how-to, but also tips and strategies. I learned the how, what, AND why." A. Kahn
We will help you. Since 1999 we have helped thousands of students just like you earn the LSAT scores they needed.
We are so confident that we can help you score higher that if you don't, you don't have to pay a dime.
We offer the best guarantee in the industry because we get great results. »
9 out of 10 of our alums agree. Our students get excellent teachers, affordable prices, and guaranteed higher scores, then they tell their friends; more than 9 out of 10 alums send their friends to us.
(And that 10th guy? He probably never likes anything—or maybe he doesn't have friends.)You get more with Get Prepped than you do with Kaplan
You have (lots of) options
We have a prep option for your schedule, budget, and level of personalization. »
Follow Us. Win Stuff!
Details
© Get Prepped 2020
Higher Score Guarantee, Privacy policy & enrollment terms
Contact Us: info@getprepped.com - Phone +1-800-321-7214