https://www.kettlesyard.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Opening Hours
House, galleries and shop:
Monday: Closed
Tuesday: Closed
Wednesday: 11am – 5pm
Thursday: 11am – 5pm
Friday: 11am – 5pm
Saturday: 11am – 5pm
Sunday: 11am – 5pm
Café closes at 4pm
Access Information & Contact Us
Find access information here.
+44 (0)1223 748 100
mail@kettlesyard.cam.ac.uk
Kettle’s Yard News
Be the first to hear our latest news by signing up to our mailing list.
For our latest blogs click here
Find out What’s On at Kettle’s Yard here.
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out how Kettle’s Yard looks after the personal data that you have shared with us.
Who are ‘we’?
In this policy, whenever you see the words ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, it refers to Kettle’s Yard.
Kettle’s Yard is a department of the University of Cambridge. The Friends of Kettle’s Yard is a separate organisation, with its own privacy policy.
Your acceptance of this policy, and our right to change it
By using our website, social media pages, signing up to receive our emails and providing your information you consent to our collection and use of the information you provide in the way(s) set out in this policy. If you do not agree to this policy please do not use our website, social media pages or services.
We may make changes to this policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the changes on this page and they will apply from the time we post them. This policy was last published in May 2018.
What is personal data?
Personal data is information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as name, address, phone number or email address.
The policy in brief
It’s important that you read the full policy to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are – but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here’s a quick summary:
We collect information that is either personal data (as outlined above) or non-personal data (such as IP addresses, pages accessed etc)
We collect information about the people who are involved with Kettle’s Yard such as supporters, visitors, event attenders, volunteers and employees.
We collect information to provide services or goods, to provide information, to fundraise, for administration, research, profiling and analysis
We only collect the information that we need or that would be useful to us in our quest to provide the best possible service.
We do our very best to keep personal information secure, including SSL technology (secure server software) wherever we collect personal data online.
We never sell your data and we will never share it with another company or charity for marketing purposes.
We only share data where we are required by law or with carefully selected partners who do work for us.
Our websites use cookies – for more information check our cookies policy below.
This policy applies to the website, our use of emails for marketing purposes, and any other methods we use for collecting information. It covers what we collect and why, what we do with the information, what we won’t do with the information, and what rights you have.
What information do we collect and why?
We will only ever collect the information we need – including data that will be useful to help improve our services. We collect two kinds of information:
non-personal information such as IP addresses (the location of the computer on the internet), pages accessed and files downloaded. This helps us to determine how many people use our website, how many people visit on a regular basis, and how popular our pages are. This information doesn’t tell us anything about who you are or where you live. It simply allows us to monitor and improve our service.
personal information such as name, postal address, phone number, email address, information about your interests etc.
We collect this information in connection with specific activities, such as newsletter requests, ticket bookings, product purchases, feedback, donations etc. The information is either needed to fulfil your request or to enable us to provide you with requested information. You don’t have to disclose any of this information to browse the website.
We also use cookies on our website. Please see our cookies policy below for further information.
What do we do with the information?
We will use the information you provide to:
fulfil your requests – such as booking tickets, making donations, receiving emails about our events and providing information
process sales transactions, donations, or other payments and verify financial transactions
identify visitors
handle orders, deliver products and communicate with you about orders
record any contact we have with you
prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our websites and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf
to carry out research on the demographics, interests and behaviour of our users and supporters to help us gain a better understanding of them and to enable us to improve what we offer. This research may be carried out internally by our employees or we may ask another company to do this work for us
communicate with our supporters and audiences
if you have agreed to it, provide you with information that we think may be of interest to you.
Using your information for marketing
We only send marketing information to people who have specifically said that they agree to us doing this, and we will only do so in the way(s) they have agreed to.
If you want to receive this information but haven’t opted in, you can do so by emailing press@kettlesyard.cam.ac.uk or by signing up to emails here: www.kettlesyard.co.uk/signup
If we contact you by email, marketing what we offer, every message we send will include a link to opt out of receiving future messages if you change your mind. If we contact you by other means and you want to change how – or if – you receive our communications, please email us on mail@kettlesyard.cam.ac.uk or call us on 01223 748100.
Sharing your information
We will only share your information if:
We are legally required to do so, e.g. by a law enforcement agency legitimately exercising a power or if compelled by an order of the Court
We believe it is necessary to protect or defend our rights, property or the personal safety of our staff or visitors to our premises or website
We are working with a carefully-selected partner that is carrying out work on our behalf. These partners may include mailing houses, IT specialists and research firms. The kind of work we may ask them to do includes processing and delivering purchases, sending postal mail and emails, carrying out research or analysis and processing card payments. We only choose partners we can trust. We will only pass personal data to them if they
– abide by the requirements of the Data Protection Act
– treat your information as carefully as we would
– only use the information for the purposes it was supplied (and not for their own purposes or the purposes of any other organisation)
– allow us to carry out checks to ensure they are doing all these things.
Storing your information
Information is stored by us on computers located in the UK. We may transfer the information to other offices and to other reputable third-party organisations as explained above – they may be situated inside or outside the European Economic Area. We may also store information in paper files.
We place a great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our supporters, customers and users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. For example, only authorised personnel are authorised to access user information and we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt financial and personal information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur while it is under our control, we use our best efforts to try to prevent this.
Unfortunately, the transmission of data across the internet is not completely secure and whilst we do our best to try to protect the security of your information we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur whilst data is being transferred.
Where you or we have provided a password enabling you to access parts of our websites or use our services, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential. Please don’t share your password with anyone.
We will keep your information only for as long as we need it to provide you with the goods, services or information you have requested, to administer your relationship with us, to comply with the law, or to ensure we do not communicate with people that have asked us not to. When we no longer need information we will always dispose of it securely, using specialist companies if necessary to do this work for us.
What we don’t do with your information
We never sell or share your information to other organisations to use for their own purposes.
Your rights
The Data Protection Act gives you certain rights over your data and how we use it. These include:
the right in certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed
the right to prevent your data being used for direct marketing
the right of access to a copy of the information we hold about you (known as a subject access request)
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact the Data Protection Officer in writing at Kettle’s Yard, Castle Street, Cambridge CB3 0AQ or by emailing mail@kettlesyard.cam.ac.uk. Please note it is our policy to charge the statutory maximum fee of £10 for a subject access request.
For more information about your rights under the Data Protection Act go to the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office at ico.org.uk.
Please read more about the University of Cambridge’s privacy policy here.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The Kettle’s Yard website uses the following
Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Kettle’s Yard, in common with many major websites, uses Google Analytics, a tool that helps us gain a better understanding of how people use our website and make improvements. Google Analytics employs cookies to collect anonymous information, such as how many visitors there are to the site, how visitors get to our site and the pages that are visited most often. We compile this information in reports about how our website is used. It does not identify individual users or contain personal information.
By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
You can set your browser to accept or decline cookies. The default for most browsers is to accept them. Further information on how to control or delete cookies visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Our ticketing is through Digitickets. Read their privacy policy here.
Our emails are sent using Mailchimp. Read their privacy policy here.
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
This site uses cookies to support some content and functions. By using this site you agree to their use. Find out more.