http://www.physics.uiuc.edu/privacy.asp
In this section
Privacy Statement
Google Analytics Opt-Out
The Illinois Physics web site uses Google Analytics to generate information
about how visitors use our site. It is based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the
DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).
This product provides us with the information necessary to improve our site to best fit the needs of our users. If you are concerned about your privacy, feel free to contact us with your questions, or you can opt out of this program. To opt out, click the following button.
Click the following button to opt out of our collection measures
Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Disclaimer for External Links
The Physics Web site has links to other Web sites. These include links to Web sites operated by Illinois agencies and officials, other government agencies,
nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When a user leaves the Physics Web site and visits another site, the user is subject to the privacy policy of that
new site. The University of Illinois is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that the University of
Illinois is not liable for the defamatory, negligent, inaccurate, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury
from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Links from Physics Web site pages on the World Wide Web to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from the
University of Illinois. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of
information obtained from other sites. The Physics Web site contains links to other related World Wide Web sites and resources. Since the University of Illinois
and its Web site is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, the user should direct any concerns regarding any
external link to its site administrator or webmaster.
University of Illinois Privacy Statement
View the University of Illinois Web Privacy Notice.
College of Engineering Cookie Policy
View the Permanent Cookie Disclosure Statement.