http://www.accs.org.au/info/privacy
Privacy
Home / Privacy
The purpose of this statement is to inform users of this website what information is collected about them when they visit this site, how this information is used and if it is disclosed.
Web log files
In common with most websites, Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery's website automatically logs certain information about every request sent to it. This information is used for system administration and for producing usage statistics. Summary statistics are extracted from this data and some of these may be made publicly available, but these do not include information from which individuals could be identified. Relevant subsets of this data may be used as part of investigations of computer misuse involving this site. Data may also on occasion be used to enable investigation of technical problems on the website. Otherwise logged information is not passed to any third party except if required by law.
Data protection
From time to time we will use electronic forms on this site to gather personal information for purposes directly related to a service, function or activity of Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery. When we do so we will let you know the purpose for which the information is being collected (including if the information is to be published). Completion of and submission of any form on this website is entirely at the discretion of you, the website user.
Security Policy
When purchasing from Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery your financial details are passed through a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology.128-bit SSL encryption is approximated to take at least one trillion years to break, and is the industry standard. If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please contact us or email us on admin@accs.org.au
Data protection statement
In using and submitting forms on this website you agree that Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery may use any personal data of yours that you supply through the forms. Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery respects your privacy and seeks to protect your personal data:
Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery will only collect and use your information to administer, support, improve and obtain feedback on its services.
Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery may also use this information to assess what services may be of interest to you and to personalise our service and marketing.
Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery may also contact you to obtain feedback on services and any improvements we can make to them.
You have the right to ask us at any time not to contact you by way of direct marketing.
Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery will not disclose your personal data to any other organisations without your permission.
Other websites
It is important to appreciate that Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery's website provides links to other independent sites, but this policy and statement applies only to direct use of this websites (www.accs.org.au). You will need to consult the providers of other websites for information on their policies.
Another Flexe Website |
Disclaimer | Copyright | Privacy