http://www.sunysuffolk.edu/privacy-statement/index.jsp
Skip to main content
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Suffolk County Community College treats the privacy of personal data in the College's
possession as a serious matter and complies with applicable data privacy and protection
laws and regulations.
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for the main website of Suffolk
County Community College, which is www.sunysuffolk.edu. Please note that the College
has separate privacy policies that govern College operations in broader scope. These
policies and all other College policies are available on Suffolk County Community
College's Legal Affairs webpage. By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information
in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
What information do we gather about you?
We and our third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of www.sunysuffolk.edu,
such as your IP address, browser type, date and time you visited the site, and pages
or services you accessed on the site. Your session and the pages you visit on www.sunysuffolk.edu
will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify
the general geographic area from which you are accessing www.sunysuffolk.edu. We do
not install any applications to monitor individuals that visit www.sunysuffolk.edu.
We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal
information. None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information.
We may also collect other information as described in this Privacy Statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Statement, "personal information" means any information
concerning a natural person, as opposed for instance to a corporate entity, which,
because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify
that natural person. Personal information about you is only collected when you provide
that information voluntarily by sending an email or by initiating an online transaction,
such as an application, registration form, or other transaction. The College does
not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18 through
this website. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information
provided by an individual in an email or through an online transaction will be treated
the same as information given by an adult.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information we gather from you for systems administration purposes, abuse
prevention, and to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this
Privacy Statement. If you send us an email, your email address and the information
contained in your email may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries,
address other requests or questions, or to forward your email for appropriate action.
Your email address it not collected for commercial marketing purposes, and we do not
share, sell, or distribute your email address for commercial marketing purposes.
If you initiate a transaction such as completing a survey, registration or other form
while on this website, the information, including personal information, volunteered
by you in initiating the transaction, is used by the College to operate College programs,
which include the provision of products, services, materials, and information. The
information collected by the College may be disclosed by the College for those purposes
that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in
connection with which the information was submitted by you.
User information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to
provide and improve web services or other communications to users. For example, we
use third parties to generate reports on site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and
user interests in order to optimize our website for our visitors. We also use geographic,
demographic, and interest-based reports of our website visitors to create custom audience
lists. We prohibit any third parties who receive user information for this purpose
from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services
for the benefit of our users.
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe
that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation,
legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud,
security, or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and
safety of our users or others.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them).
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile
aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better
site experiences and tools in the future. The use of cookies is a standard practice
among internet websites.
External third-party vendors that deliver web search and analytics services may use
cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from
this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement
services and target ads.
Other Websites and Cookies
This website may contain links to other websites. These linked sites are created and
maintained by other public and/or private organizations, and are not connected to,
under the control of, or associated with the College. We do not endorse or maintain,
and are not responsible for the privacy practices, content, advertising, products,
services, or information on or available through such websites. Because the College
has no control over linked sites' content, the College makes no guarantees, and accepts
no liability, regarding it, including, but not limited to, its availability, accuracy,
currency, content, quality, or lack of objectionable or offensive content. This disclaimer
also applies to any other web sites those sites may link to. External linked web sites
are not provided as a benefit to the linked party. Inclusion of the linked web sites
does not imply or constitute an endorsement or promotion by the College of any persons
or organizations sponsoring the displayed websites. If you decide to visit any linked
site, you do so at your own risk, and it is your responsibility to take all protective
measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements inherent on the internet.
Pages on the College's website may display content provided by third-party sites,
such as videos or embedded maps. Although we attempt to screen this content, the terms
expressed above apply to this type of content as well.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for
example, originate from social media services corporations' website for which www.sunysuffolk.edu
has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie privacy practices of these sites change
over time, you should determine their practices by visiting the Privacy Statement
pages of these sites directly.
Information Protection
The College is committed to protecting personal information collected through this
website against unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
This site has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss,
misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of
transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Changes to this Statement
This Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be
posted on this page.
Revision Date
This Privacy Statement was last revised on September 24, 2018.
×Light Box
div id=lightbox-display - no content updated
Close
AccessibilitySuffolk EmploymentContact UsDirectionsNon-Discrimination NoticePrivacy Statement
Listen to Suffolk Radio!
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on LinkedIn
Watch us on YouTube
Last Updated: 9/25/18