https://www.ilm.it/privacy/
Home
Our school
Our School
Team Members
Our Method
Free Time
Living Among Italians
Vlog
Acknowledgements and collaborations
Mission (Quality Policy)
Where we are
Courses
Italian language and Cultural courses
SPECIAL COURSES
Italian language courses online
Italian Cooking
General Course
Wine-tasting course
Holiday Course
History of Art
Intensive Course
Club 50: Art and Wine
Mini-intensive Course
Italian Courses for School Groups
Super-Intensive Course
Individual Courses
Preparatory course for the CILS exam
Long Term Course
Course for admission Italian University
Special Course Pisa – Cagliari
Accomodation
Dates & Prices
Italian Language Courses Calendar 2020
Courses and Special Courses – Prices
Condition of participation
Services
Transfer
Internet and Wi-Fi
Visa
Grants
Certifications and Diplomas
FAQ
Blog
Info: +39 050.500399
Language:
Home
Policy on Privacy
Policy on Privacy
INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
pursuant to art. 13 of the EU Regulation n. 2016/679 – GDPR
Legislative Decree 10.08.2018 n. 101 – Privacy Code
Istituto Linguistico Mediterraneo, in compliance with the provisions of EU Regulation no. 2016/679 (hereinafter, for the sake of brevity, also “the regulation” or GDPR) and of the Legislative Decree 30 June 2003 no. 196 as amended by Legislative Decree 10 August 2018 n. 101 (hereinafter, for the sake of brevity, also the “Privacy Code”),
informs you
that the personal data you provide will be processed in compliance with the aforementioned law and the confidentiality obligations of the firm and its professionals.
Data controller and entity responsible for the protection of personal data
The data controller is the Società Linguistico Mediterraneo based in Pisa, Via C. Battisti n. 3, tax code and VAT number 01572320503, email info@ilm.it, P.E.C infoilm@pec.it.
The Data Controller has not appointed a person responsible for the protection of personal data (DPO, or data protection officer, DPO), since the data processing of the customers carried out are not considered large-scale treatments.
Data subject to treatment
The personal data processed is as following:
identification data, including indication on gender and the nationality of the data subject
mailing address;
e-mail;
telephone number;
Identification document data;
data regarding knowledge of the Italian language;
data on preferences of the type of accommodation in which  he/she will be hosted;
course attendance period;
data on the knowledge acquired during the course by the administration of  tests;
data on how the member came into contact with the school
Personal data may refer to those who are completing the registration form and / or to a minor for whom the person completing the form can authorize participation in the course.
Purpose of the treatment
The personal data you provide will be used in order to proceed with organizing and carrying out the course you are registering by filling in the form for which this information is attached. These activities include the identification of accommodation where you will be hosted during the course.
In addition, the data you provide, if you provide us with an optional and separate consent will be used to contact you, at the addresses indicated by you regarding services offered by the Owner.
Legal basis of the processing
The Owner treats your personal data lawfully, where processing:
it is necessary for the execution of the contract of which you are a part of having filled out the registration form for the course or the execution of pre-contractual measures adopted upon your request;
is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation incumbent on the Owner;
is based on the express consent (for example, for the communication of commercial offers referred to in point 6 below)
Consequences of failure to communicate personal data
Regarding personal data related to the execution of the contract of which you are party or related to the fulfillment of a regulatory obligation (for example the obligations related to the keeping of accounting records and tax, etc.), the failure to disclose personal data prevents the improvement of the contractual relationship itself.
Failure to consent to the receiving of informative and commercial communications will not affect the performance of the contract.
Methods of treatment and conservation
The treatment will be carried out in an automated and / or manual form, in compliance with the provisions of art. 32 of the Regulation on security measures, by persons specifically appointed and in compliance with the provisions of art. 29 of the Regulations and art. 2-quaterdecies of the Privacy Code, which will act under the direct authority of the Data Controller and / or the Data Processor
Please note that, in compliance with the principles of lawfulness, purpose limitation and data minimization, pursuant to art. 5 of the Regulations, subject to your consent expressed at the bottom of this information, your personal data:
is collected for the course of the course will be kept until the holder to carries out the inspections necessary for the renewal of the certification related to the ISO 9001 standard;
is collected for the sending of commercial information which will be retained until the client retains interest in its offers, ie until you revoke its consent in the manner described in the following of this statement, subject to any legal obligations.
We also specify that the information collected during the lessons and conversations with the teachers, both in our classrooms and at your home are not subject to treatment as defined in Article 2 of the GDPR and therefore are not stored in any way communicated or disseminated and that our teachers are instructed to keep the maximum confidentiality
Scope of communication and dissemination
The collected data will never be disseminated and will not be communicated without your explicit consent, unless:
the necessary communications that may involve the transfer of data to public bodies, consultants or other subjects for the fulfillment of legal obligations;
in the case of glottodidactical training courses and orientation to the DITALS exam, provided by the Owner as an entity monitored by the University of Siena: in this case your data will be sent to that entity that will use them to contact you in order to request the optional completion of a satisfaction questionnaire;
in the case of your request for accreditation at the University of Pisa canteen, in which case your name and tax code or country of birth will be communicated;
in case of cultural events aimed at completing the training offer but organized in collaboration with third parties to whom your names must be communicated;
Transfer of personal data
Your data when processed electronically, is stored on servers located in Member States of the European Union.
In the case of communications of commercial information, services provided by third parties may be used for which your data may be transferred to third countries not belonging to the European Union, in accordance with the provisions of Article 46 of the Rules. In addition, the service provider will be duly appointed as the controller of the processing by the Data Controller as prescribed by art. 28 of the Regulations.
Particular categories of personal data
Pursuant to articles 9 and 10 of the law, you could give the Data qualifier as “particular categories of personal data”, that is data that reveal “racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical convictions, or ‘union membership, as well as genetic data, biometric data intended to uniquely identify a natural person, data relating to the health or sexual life or sexual orientation of the person “. These categories of data may be processed only with your consent, expressed in writing at the end of this information.
Rights of the interested party
At any time, you may exercise, under Articles 15 to 22 of the law the right to:
a) request confirmation of the existence or otherwise of personal data;
b) obtain information on the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data, recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be communicated and, where possible, the retention period;
c) obtain updating, rectification and deletion of data;
d) obtain the treatment limitation;
e) obtain data portability, ie receive them from a data controller, in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device, and transmit them to another data controller without hindrance;
f) oppose the processing at any time and also in the case of treatment for direct marketing purposes;
g) to oppose an automated decision-making process concerning individuals, including profiling.
h) ask the data controller to access personal data and to rectify or cancel them or limit their processing or to oppose their processing, in addition to the right to data portability;
i) withdraw the consent at any time without prejudice to the lawfulness of the treatment based on the consent given prior to the revocation;
j) to propose a complaint to a supervisory authority (Authority for the protection of personal data – www.garanteprivacy.it).
How to exercise the rights of the interested party
The interested party can exercise his rights with a written request sent to the following email address info@ilm.it.
We wish to inform you that your Personal Data sent with a request of informations and/or
with the request of booking or the subscription of our newsletter will involve the processing
of your personal data in accordance with Art. 13 Decree Law 196/2003.
The ILM – Istituto linguistico Mediterraneo keeps your personal information in full respect
for your rights and in compliance with the security measures provided by law.
Conferring the aforesaid data and acquiring consent is obligatory for the transmission of
your Personal Data, newsletter subscription, booking request and information request and
the relevant processing of your personal data received in this manner.
The data will be processed with both digital mediums and on paper, and will be saved and
archived on file in our head office in Via Battisti 3, Pisa, Italy.
You are entitled at any time to exercise your rights in regard to the data processing Owner,
in accordance with Art. 7 of Decree Law 196/2003, that is, you can request confirmation of
the existence or not of personal data concerning yourself, even if not yet recorded, and
communication of said data in intelligible form.
You are also entitled to request updating, rectification and supplementation of the data.
You are also entitled to oppose, either wholly or in part, for legitimate reasons, the processing of the personal data concerning yourself, even if pertinent to the purpose for which they have been collected, and to oppose the processing of personal data concerning yourself for the purpose of sending advertising material or direct sale, or for carrying out market research of commercial communication.
The data processing Owner is ILM – Istituto linguistico Mediterraneo sas
Share on
Contact us
Apply now!
Subscribe to the channel!
Facebook
Accreditation
Istituto Linguistico Mediterraneo
Via C. Battisti 3
56125
Pisa
, Toscana
Italia
Tel: (+39) 050 500 399
Fax: (+39) 050 48 157
Viareggio office
Via Giacomo Puccini, 366
55049
Viareggio (Lucca)
, Toscana
Italia
Tel: (+39) 335 803 1878
Flickr
© 1998-2017 Istituto Linguistico Mediterraneo - Head Office: Via C. Battisti, 3 - C.P. 209 - I-56100 Pisa - (Italy) - C.F. 01572320503 - Tel+39 050500399 - Fax +39 050 48157 - info@ilm.it -
Privacy - Credits