https://www.gwinnettcollege.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Classes Enrolling Now
Location:
Choose a Campus
Program:
Choose a Program
Request Info
By submitting this form, I consent, without obligation to be contacted by Gwinnett via email, telephone and text using automated technology at the contact details provided above. I understand that consent is not a condition of purchase and I may unsubscribe at any time.
LeadBuyerID
ReferringURL
CaptureURL
ProspectIP
IsTest
ConsentVerbiage
Keywords
MatchType
Device
CampaignName
AdGroup
VendorID
AffiliateID
PhysicalLocation
Network
AdPosition
gclid
msclkid
valis-redirect
valis-passto
LTT Enterprises, Inc. (“LTT” or “we” or “us”), operates this web site (“Website”). This Privacy Policy explains what information is collected on this Web Site, how we use your information, and your choices. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at this Web Site and other web sites operated by LTT where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Sites”), and does not cover any information collected offline or elsewhere by LTT (unless specifically stated) or any other company. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our Terms of Use at https://www.gwinnettcollege.edu, which govern your use of this Web Site. By providing us with information and by using the Sites, you consent to have you information used as described in this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Sites indicates to us that you have read and accept our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected Through The Sites
Personally Identifiable Information:
We may ask you to provide us with personally identifiable information about yourself at various times and at various places on the Sites, such as when you request information, subscribe to newsletters, or choose to participate in another feature on the Sites. Personally identifiable information is information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your full name, address, or e-mail address), which we refer to as “PII.” We may also ask you to provide us with demographic information or information regarding your interests, hobbies or similar information. In addition, as part of our current and planned services, we may, at any time, include features to the Sites that require you to register or otherwise provide PII, including credit card information, or we may require registration fee to gain access to any portion of the Sites. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in many of the Sites’ features. LTT may also maintain information about you that you do not directly provide, whether it is information received from third parties, such as business partners, or information LTT collects about your activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
When you visit the Sites, our servers automatically collect certain web site usage information. Web site usage information is non-identifying information that describes how our visitors use and navigate the Sites, and it includes the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays. We also collect the information automatically sent to us by your browser, such as browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting the Sites, and IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, which web servers use to identify where to send the information your computer requests. We may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the Sites. We also may determine the technology available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page. We may disclose non-identifying user information, such as aggregated statistics, to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services, marketing, and providing a better user experience on the Sites.
Cookies:
Like most web sites, the Sites sometimes make use of browser cookies. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns on the Sites, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, to help serve advertisements, limiting multiple responses and registrations, facilitating your ability to navigate the Sites and as part of a verification or screening process. We may link the cookie to any PII or other information we collect. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of the Sites will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Sites’ features. You should consult with your browser’s provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies. Among the technologies we use may be Locally Shared Objects (“LSOs”) or “flash cookies” which are similar to traditional cookies except that they reside in Adobe Flash Player. Since flash cookies do not reside in your browser, your browser security settings will not affect them and you will not be able to prevent their installation or delete them through your browser. Instead, to learn about how to control the use of flash cookies on your computer, go to the Flash Player website at http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
Web Beacons:
Our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a “web bug” or “clear gif”, and which allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain limited information about the viewer of the web page or e-mail message (such as the type of browser downloading the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed, as well as the URL of the page the web beacon comes from). Web beacons are typically very small (generally 1-by-1 pixel) and invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail message, including an advertisement or HTML content, can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons for a number of purposes, such as to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate the Sites, and we may include web beacons in e-mail newsletters in order to count how many newsletters (or particular articles, links, etc.) we sent were actually opened. In addition, third parties that serve ads or content onto the Sites or within our e-mails may use web beacons. We do not have control over web beacons used by such third parties.
Advertisements and Third Party Advertising Companies:
We may use information about you and your visits to the Sites in order to serve advertisements to you on our web pages. We may also use a third party advertising company to serve ads to you. We or our third party advertising companies may note the pages you visit on the Sites through the use of web beacons or cookies placed on your computer to manage and target advertisements and for market research analysis. We may share non-personally identifying web site usage information about visitors to the Sites with third party advertising companies for the same purposes. In addition, when you are on the Sites, third party advertising companies may be able to place a unique cookie on your computer for the purpose of targeting advertisements to you when you are visiting this or other web sites. These cookies are used to anonymously recognize you and aggregate historical behaviors in order to deliver ads to you that are likely to be more relevant to you based on the types of web sites visited. Some of our vendors may use DART cookies, a DoubleClick product. Third-party advertisers’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, which may differ from this one. We do not have access to cookies set by third parties. You may choose not to receive the cookies referred to in this paragraph by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and following the instructions. .
Third Party Content
When you are on the Sites, certain content may be served by a third party. These third parties may also drop their own cookies, LSOs and/or use web beacons, which may be used to identify some of your preferences or to recognize you if you have previously had contact with them. We do not control the use of such technology by third parties, the information they collect, or how they use such information.
Our Use and Disclosure of Collected Information and Your Choices
Use by the Sites:
LTT may use your PII to provide you with requested goods, services or content, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide your PII. In addition, the Sites may send you special offers via e-mail, postal mail, phone, text message, or otherwise if you do not opt-out from receiving such information when you register with the Sites. If you wish to unsubscribe from this Web Site’s e-mail newsletter or to change your preferences, send an email to privacy@gwinnettcollege.edu, or, alternatively, follow the instructions for unsubscribing included within many of the e-mails or text messages you receive from us. We may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of the Sites, or, in our discretion, notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of the Sites. We may also use information collected about our users to provide customized content, advertising, products and services, or to improve the content and navigation of the Sites, or for other internal purposes. If you submit a letter to the editor or other content to be published in one of our publications, whether such publication originates online or offline, we may publish your name or other information in connection with publishing the letter to the editor or other content. We may combine the information about you that we collect through the Sites with information available to us from other sources, including information received from promotional partners or other third parties. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal information received. We may also combine PII with other information we collect through the Sites, including, IP addresses, cookies and search terms users enter on the Sites, which we may use for reporting and monitoring, improving the Sites and products, or to target advertising.
Affiliated Parties:
LTT reserves the right to share your information with and among the Sites and the other companies affiliated with LTT (the “Affiliated Parties”). And, we might share your information with one or more of the Affiliated Parties so that the Affiliated Parties can send you information concerning products and services that you may be interested in. You may tell us not to share your PII with the Affiliated Parties for the Affiliated Parties’ direct marketing purposes by sending notification to: privacy@gwinnetcollege.edu.
Third parties providing services on our behalf:
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include, without limitation, fulfilling orders, sending communications on our behalf (including our e-mail editions), analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, creating, hosting and/or running contests/sweepstakes/games and providing customer service. These third parties may have access to our users’ PII in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf.
Legal Action:
We may disclose information about our users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Sites and applicable laws. We may use IP addresses to identify users in cooperation with internet service providers or law enforcement agencies, and may also disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests or safety of the Sites, our users or others.
Corporate Change:
We may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose user information, including PII, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets or of a business group, or other fundamental corporate change.
Chat Rooms, Forums and Message Boards
The Sites may make chat rooms, forums and message boards available to our users. If you post PII online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
Security
We store the information we collect from you on limited access servers, and we take steps to maintain the security of our servers and to protect your PII from unauthorized disclosure. However, even reasonable security measures do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit via the internet, including to LTT. You are responsible for protecting your username and password from third party access, and for selecting passwords that are secure.
Links
Please be aware that when you are on this Web Site or viewing an e-mail from LTT, you could be directed to other web pages or online content through links that take you outside our service and are beyond our control. For example, you may encounter links from sponsors or partners, which may include LTT’s logo or that of one of the Affiliated Parties as part of a co-branding agreement. If you “click” on a link to such a third party, the “click” takes you to a third party’s web site. These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected by LTT on the Sites, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.
Consent to Transfer
The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. By using the Sites, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer to, retention of and processing of your data in the United States.
Children
The Sites are not directed to children younger than the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect PII from children younger than 13 years of age. If you are younger than 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to the Sites. If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us at privacy@gwinnettcollege.edu.
Modifications
LTT reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@gwinnettcollege.edu. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is March 17, 2017.
Our Programs
Business
Careers
Health and Wellness
Healthcare
Legal Studies
News
Uncategorized
Need Your Transcript? Request Transcript