https://www.schoolfamilymedia.com/privacy-policy/
SCHOOL FAMILY MEDIA | PRIVACY POLICY
SCHOOL FAMILY MEDIA, LLC
Website Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 23, 2019
Introduction
At School Family Media LLC (“Company” or “We”), we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this website (the “Website”) or otherwise use our services (the “Services”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
When you use our Services.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website.
Consent: By accessing or using this Website or Services, you consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to our privacy policy, please do not use our Website or Services. In addition, you give us your express written consent to deliver automated text messages to you at the phone number provided by you. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Your use of and access to our Website and Services acts as your binding electronic signature.
Changes: This policy may change from time to time as described below. Your continued use of this Website or our Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy frequently for updates. Where required by law, we will provide notice or obtain your consent for any changes.
Children Under the Age of 18
Our Website and Services are not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website, in the Services, or through any of the features of the Website or Services, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com.
United States and Canada Only
Our Website and Services are operated in the United States. Our Website and Services are intended for individuals located in the United States and Canada only. If you use the Website or Services from outside the United States or Canada, you are not authorized to use the Website or Services. If use the Website or Services from outside the United States, then the information collected through the Website and Services will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States or other countries in which our service providers and third party partners operate. Your consent to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Website or the Services or your submission of your information to us, represents your consent to such transfer, storage, and processing outside of your country of residence, such as the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country of residence.
If we learn or determine that a user of our Website or Services is located outside the United States or Canada, we reserve the right delete such user’s personal information from our systems.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Collection of Information
We have collected the following categories of information from our users within the past twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, including name, email address, phone number, physical address, IP address, and cookie identifiers
Certain financial-related information, including credit card number and billing and shipping address when you make purchases on our Website or of our Services
Commercial information, including purchasing history from our Website or Services
Internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, information on your interaction with our Website and Services, browser type, and referring site
Location data
Inferences from your information and your interactions with our Website and Services
Categories of Sources
We obtain the above personal information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you when you provide it to us. See additional information below.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. See additional information below.
From third-party service providers, for example, our data partners that provide access to email addresses for our marketing purposes.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our Service, posting material, or requesting further services from our third-party business partners. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored or administered by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically is not necessarily personal information on its own, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties, in which case we will treat all of it as personal information.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties (e.g., Google), including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see the section below titled “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
We do not respond to or honor browser do not track (Do Not Track) signals at this time.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you and to provide our Services to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website, Services, or any products, programs, or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
To allow you to access and participate in Company-organized social media groups comprised of users of the Website.
To improve the Website and Services
To analyze usage patterns, estimate audience size, and speed up searches on our Website.
To provide you with a more personalized experience on our Website or with our Services.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers
Certain financial-related information
Commercial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Location data
Inference data
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We share personal information for a business purpose with various categories of third parties. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, including website hosting providers, email platform providers, and credit card payment processors.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of School Family Media LLC’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by School Family Media about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you.
To other third parties with your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of School Family Media LLC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Location data
Inferences drawn from other personal information
We sell your personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Fundraising companies
Consumer brand companies
Education-related software companies
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Opting out of Cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website or the Services may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Note also that if you previously opted out of behavioral targeting, the deletion of your cookies may also delete the cookie that was set to record your opt-out from behavioral targeting. You should reset your opt-outs after you delete cookies. For more information about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Text Messages. If you do not wish us to send you text messages to your phone, you can follow the unsubscribe process in the text message from us or email us at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt out by checking the unsubscribe button in any marketing email we send to you or at any other time by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com. Note that we may still send you administrative messages regarding our Website and Services.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties From Cookies. Some third parties (e.g., Google) that use cookies when you visit our Website and Services have opt-out mechanisms either directly from their website or through an industry-developed webpage. If you go to optout.aboutads.info, you can learn how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across multiple third-party websites, online services, devices, and applications for interest-based advertising purposes. When you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties, note that the opt-out only applies to the applicable browser in which you set it.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising in Mobile Applications by Third Parties. To opt out of interest-based advertising that takes place through mobile applications, please see the following instructions on utilizing your mobile device operating system’s opt-out settings.
For iPhone/iOS users: For instructions on how to “Limit Ad Tracking” on the iOS, please visit this link or see the instructions below:
Go to “Settings” > “Privacy” > “Advertising.”
Turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.”
For Android users: For instructions on how to opt out of interest-based ads in the Android OS, please visit this link or see the instructions below:
Open Google settings on your device (may be an app called Google Settings or an entry in your phone’s Settings menu, depending on your device)
Tap “Ads”
Switch on “Opt out of interest-based ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization.”
Opting Out of Cross-Device Targeting by Third Parties. Third parties may also combine and use information from websites or applications on your current browser or device with information from your other browsers or devices for advertising purposes. To opt out of such practices, please follow the instructions above for opting out on each of your browsers, and also opt out on each of your mobile devices. Please note that you will need to opt out separately on (1) each of your browsers and (2) each of your mobile devices to ensure that information collected on a particular browser or device is not used on another browser or device.
Opting Out of Use of Precise Location. To disable the collection of precise location information from your mobile device through mobile applications, you can access your mobile device settings and choose to limit that collection.
Android: For Android 6.0 and above: you can modify privacy settings in Settings > Applications > App Permissions > Location and tap the on/off toggle switch next to Location for each app which has permission to use your location data. For earlier versions of Android: you can modify privacy settings in Settings > More > Permission and tap the on/off toggle switch next to Location to turn location functions off for your device. Alternatively, you may uninstall the relevant program(s).
iOS: In iOS you can modify privacy settings in Settings > Privacy. You can select location data from this list to see which apps have asked for permission to use your location data.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change certain of your personal information in our possession by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com to request that we correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see the section below titled “California CCPA Rights” for more information.
Your California “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights
California's “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com or write us at: 100 Stonewall Boulevard, Suite 3, Wrentham, MA 02093.
California CCPA Rights (effective as of January 1, 2020)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides certain California residents with the additional rights listed below. The CCPA temporarily exempts from these CCPA rights certain personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication or transaction as well as data about our employees, job applicants, contractors, controlling owners, directors, officers and medical staff (if any) in their capacities as such individuals at the Company.
Right to Access. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you
Data Portability Right. You have the right request that we provide you with access to the information above (under Right to Access) in a readily useable format that allows you to transmit (i.e., port) the information to another entity. If you make a request under your right to request access, you will receive access to your information in a readily useable format.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request or not delete some of your personal information, if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We may also limit our deletion to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Exercising Your California Rights. To exercise your rights as a California resident, please contact us as follows:
Email us at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com and provide the following information:
Full name and email address associated with your use of our Website or Service, and
Your specific request (e.g., right to access, right to portability, or right to delete).
Submit your request via our web form) and provide the following information:
Full name and email address associated with your use of our Website or Service, and
Your specific request (e.g., right to access, right to portability, or right to delete).
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise rights, but if you do have an account with us, we may require you to exercise your rights through your account.
We will attempt to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are a user of our Website or Service, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out").
If you are under 18 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Website or Services.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following webpage: Personal Information Sales Opt-Out
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by emailing us at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value to us and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
We currently provide certain financial incentives which you can voluntarily opt into whenever these programs are available on our Website or Services.
These financial incentives are prizes (e.g., a gift card or supplies such as a box of tissue) in exchange for certain content or activities of the consumer, including the consumer updating his/her information on his/her school supply list on our Website or Services, the consumer sharing posts on social media, or the consumer participating in one of our surveys.
You can opt out of a financial incentive program at any time by emailing us at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information and the means of transmission of that information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Data Retention
We retain your information only as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Sensitive Information
We do not intend to collect any sensitive information and ask that you not share sensitive information with us (e.g., government identifiers such as social security numbers, information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal convictions and offenses, trade union membership, or any genetic data, biometric data, or information relating to an individual's sex life or sexual orientation).
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. When required by law, we will obtain your consent or provide you notice regarding a change to our privacy policy.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or to register a complaint or concern about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, contact us by email at privacy@schoolfamilymedia.com or by telephone at 800-644-3561.
To exercise your rights as a California resident, see California CCPA Rights above.
Want to chat about your brand or company goals? Drop us a note.
Follow Us
© 2020 School Family Media®. All Rights Reserved.
| Privacy Policy | Terms of Sale | Terms of Use | California Residents Only&#8212Do not sell my personal information