http://www.lessonsnips.com/privacy.asp
LessonSnips®
Privacy Policy
Lesson Search
Categories
Social Studies
Language Arts
Mathematics
Science
Privacy Policy
In using our site, we take your privacy seriously. With the exception of any anonymous information which may be collected from third-party advertisers (see below), LessonSnips is the sole owner of all information collected from this site, and no information is sold or shared by us with others.
You may need to register to access the content of LessonSnips. All information registered with us will never be sold or shared with others. This includes your e-mail address and other related information. Information you provide to us is used only by LessonSnips to better offer content and services to our members, troubleshooting errors, etc. We may also from time to time e-mail our members about services offered by LessonSnips, or other relevant information. Log files and cookies may be used to help administer the site, and track content demand.
The site may have links to other web sites. Be aware that we are not responsible for the content of these other web sites. These may include other educational sites, advertisers, informational sites, etc. These other web sites may use cookies and collect personal information. Again, we never share or sell information from our members to these other sites. Check the privacy policy of those web sites before deciding to give them any personal information.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
If you use our site, you consent to the collection and use of information as described above. If we make any changes to our Privacy statement, we will post it on our web site.
Navigation
Home
Search Site
Lesson Categories
About Us
Contact Us
Register
Register for LessonSnips.
Members
Sign-in
© Copyright 2008-2017 LessonSnips® All Rights Reserved.