http://www.oaklandcc.edu/college-policies/default.aspx
Skip to main content
Home
College Policies
Handbook
Related Links
College Policies
College Policies
In order to maintain a safe and productive learning environment and to comply with
necessary legal mandates, Oakland Community College has formulated the policies listed
below.
Related Links
College Policies
Learning Policies
Student Handbook
Board Governance & College Administrative Policies
FAMILY EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVACY ACT (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) of 1974 was established to protect
the privacy of student educational records.
Only certain employees of Oakland Community College, acting individually or collectively
in the educational interest of the student, are allowed access to educational records.
When the collection of personally identifiable information is specifically authorized
by federal law, any data collected by such officials shall be protected in a manner
which will not permit the personal identification of students and their parents by
other than those officials, and such personally identifiable data shall be destroyed
when no longer needed.
Except as allowed and required by law, no personally identifiable information from
a student’s educational record will be disclosed to any third party (including parent,
spouse or other students) by an official or employee of the College without prior
written consent of the student.
RELEASE OF DIRECTORY INFORMATION
The College has designated certain student information to be “public” or “directory”
information and, at its discretion, may release directory information without prior
written consent of the student. Directory information is defined as: name, home address,
telephone number, place of birth, curriculum, dates of attendance, degrees, certificates
and awards received, last educational institution attended, high school attended,
participation in recognized activities and sports, and weight and height of members
of athletic teams.
The Office of the Registrar is the only authorized agent for releasing student information.
Occasionally Enrollment Services staff members at various College sites may be authorized
to respond to queries about students.
Students may request that all items identified as directory information, except their
names, be withheld and considered restricted information. To withhold public or directory
information, written notification must be received in any campus Records Office or
the Office of the Registrar prior to the end of the normal office hours of the final
day of Schedule Adjustment for the semester or session in which the withholding is
to begin. Once students have requested the withholding of directory information, the
request will be honored until they file a request to reinstate the permission to release
directory information.
RIGHT OF REVIEW
Under FERPA, students have the right to review and inspect the education records maintained
by Oakland Community College. The College follows a procedure which provides the student
the opportunity to challenge information deemed inaccurate, misleading or otherwise
in violation of that student’s privacy or other rights and request an amendment to
the offending record.
Students may file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning an
alleged failure of OCC to comply with the requirements of FERPA. A copy of the College's
policy is available at the Records Office of the Auburn Hills, Highland Lakes, Orchard
Ridge and Royal Oak campuses. The College policy may also be obtained at:
Office of the Registrar / George A. Bee Administration Center 2480 Opdyke Road Bloomfield Hills, MI 48304-2266phone 248.341.2192
Students wishing to review records under the auspices of FERPA must initiate the process
at this same address.
APPROPRIATE USE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Information technology resources (computers, voice and data networks, electronic data
and information) are provided by Oakland Community College to its faculty, administration,
and students in support of the college mission. This document outlines the appropriate
use of college information technology resources. More detail may be found in the Technology
Appropriate Use Regulations. For more information review the OCC's Technology Appropriate Use Regulations (TAUR).
INTERNET DISCLAIMER
Oakland Community College will not accept responsibility for information published
on, or accessible through, personal websites created by students and/ or employees.
PUBLIC SAFETY
Oakland Community College's Department of Public Safety is made up of sworn police
officers with the authority equivalent to that of any law enforcement agency. They
are trained to the same standards of any municipal police force with specialized training
in basic first aid and CPR, criminal law, investigative techniques, human relations,
firearm skills and defensive tactics. OCC’s Public Safety department works closely
with local, county, state, and federal agencies and regularly uses state and national
law enforcement networks to check records and enter information on stolen property.
Annual Campus Security Report
Visit Annual Security Report to review the Department of Public Safety's policy statements, reporting procedures,
crime statistics, and other student-centered services. OCC will also provide a written
copy of this report upon request. For further information call: (248)232-4660.
STUDENT CONCERNS
Any student expressing a concern or suggestion, positive or negative, is encouraged
to complete the Student Concern Form and email it from your OCC student email account to academicaffairs@oaklandcc.edu.
TITLE IX
Title IX prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in any program or activity including,
but not limited to: Educational programs or activities, e.g., student services, academic
counseling, discipline, classroom assignment, grading, athletics, admissions, recruitment,
financial aid, etc.
Members of the college community who believe that a Title IX violation may have occurred,
should discuss their concerns and/or file a complaint with the college’s Title IX
coordinator. Visit this page for the coordinator's contact information and information on the Title IX training
for students.
INCIDENT/MEDICAL ASSISTANCE
The College will offer any assistance necessary in response to incidents or injuries
that occur on College property; however, the College will bear no responsibility for
the cost of such services, which must be billed directly to the recipient.
POLICY ABOUT CHILDREN ON CAMPUS
In order not to disrupt the teaching and learning activities, students, staff and
visitors are not permitted to have children accompany them into College classrooms,
laboratories, studios or libraries whether the children be supervised or not. The
only exceptions are prearranged tours, field trips or College-coordinated programs
for children.
Students, staff and visitors are not permitted to leave minor children unattended
on College property or in campus buildings. Children are welcome to visit a campus,
but they must be supervised by adults at all times. The College does not assume responsibility
for the safety of children left unattended.
SMOKING ON COLLEGE PREMISES
Smoking is strictly prohibited on all College-owned or leased properties (including
but not limited to campus grounds, parking areas, athletic fields, offices, classrooms,
hallways, waiting rooms, restrooms, lunchrooms, elevators, meeting rooms and all community
areas). This policy applies to all employees, vendors, contractors, students and the
public and encompasses smoking and other use of tobacco products including, but not
limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, chewing tobacco, snuff and electronic cigarettes.
All employees and students share in the responsibility for adhering to and supporting
this policy.  Employees or students who violate this policy will be subject to the
disciplinary actions associated with infraction of College rules.
COLLEGE RIGHT TO CHANGE
The College reserves the right to change policies, procedures, programs, and fees
without notice.
INSTRUCTOR CHANGES
The College reserves the right to make changes in the Schedule of Classes as circumstances
require. Enrollment levels may require that instructors teach different sections than
originally scheduled.
Academics
Admissions
Cost & Aid
Current Students
Future Students
About Us
Gateways
MyOCC
Continuing Education
D2L
Workforce Development
Library
Virtual Campus
Resources
A-Z Index
Employment
Faculty Directory
International Students
Public Safety
Title IX
Wireless (Wi-Fi)
©