https://www.indwes.edu/legal
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer DMCA Notice SMS/MMS
Privacy Policy
You Have Choices Regarding How Information about You Is Shared If you would like to opt-out of information sharing with outside companies not affiliated with Indiana Wesleyan University, your preferences will be honored. If you choose to opt out of information sharing, please call us at our toll-free number, 866-325-6307. If you have already provided an opt-out choice to us, you do not need to opt-out again unless you decide to change your preferences.
Information We Collect In the course of serving you, we collect information about you from a variety of sources, including:
Information you provide to us on applications or forms, such as name, address, phone numbers, social security number as well as financial, biographical, demographic, military & selective service information, etc.;
Information we receive from outside companies, such as credit bureaus regarding your credit history and credit worthiness, marketing companies that provide info on educational and professional background, biographical and demographical info and interests, and other companies and information;
Information from current or past employers, such as employment status, dates of employment, position, etc.;
Information about your transactions or experiences with Indiana Wesleyan University or its affiliates such as account balances, payment history, due and over due charges, etc.;
Electronic data collected automatically by software, such as IP address, browser used, Indiana Wesleyan University login name, etc.;
Educational records from other institutions, such as grades, studies, interests, standardized test scores, etc.
The customer information we collect is used to provide educational and financial aid services and to help you achieve your goals.
Reasons for Collecting Information Information may be used or shared within the Indiana Wesleyan University family, as well as with authorized third parties, for a number of purposes such as:
To protect you from fraud, unauthorized transactions and the like;
To process your requests for financial aid;
To service your accounts with Indiana Wesleyan University;
To keep you informed about services that can meet your needs now and in the future;
To process requests to transfer to or from Indiana Wesleyan University;
To confirm eligibility for admission and other programs at Indiana Wesleyan University.
Information Shared with Third-Parties We share information with third parties when they are acting on our behalf, or acting jointly with us.
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, with third parties that are acting on our behalf or are acting jointly with us, including:
Collections agencies;
Advertising and marketing partners;
Other institutions that are acting under joint programs with us, and provide services that are different than those we provide to you.
We only share information with third parties when those third-parties have agreed in writing to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as provided by Indiana Wesleyan University.
We also share information with others as permitted or required by law such as (but not limited to) credit bureaus, government entities, in responding to subpoenas and other legal processes, and those with whom you have requested us to share information.
We do not disclose nonpublic personal information about our consumers to anyone for the purpose of marketing or soliciting products or services other than our own. We share information regarding past customers in the same manner as current ones.
Protecting Customer Information We are committed to protecting the security and integrity of customer information through procedures and technology designed for this purpose.
The policies and practices described in this disclosure are subject to change, but we will communicate any significant changes to you as required by applicable law. The policies and practices described in this disclosure replace all previous notices or statements regarding this subject.
The policies and practices described in this disclosure apply to consumers who have, or have had, a customer relationship with Indiana Wesleyan University.
How to Access and Modify Information You may access your personal information or correct, amend or delete incorrect personal information by calling us at our toll-free number, 866-325-6307.
Use of Cookies The Indiana Wesleyan University Web sites use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Indiana Wesleyan University pages, or register with Indiana Wesleyan University sites or services, a cookie helps Indiana Wesleyan University to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Indiana Wesleyan University Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Indiana Wesleyan University features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Indiana Wesleyan University services or Web sites you visit.
Online AdvertisingIndiana Wesleyan University uses Online Advertising Features including Google,Bingg, AdRoll and Yahoo advertising. Indiana Wesleyan University also uses some or all of the followingFacebookk and Twitter cookie tracking, web beacons or similar technologies to collect or receive visitor information. These features allow Indiana Wesleyan University to track impressions on ourwebsitee, track demographic and interests of visitors, collect data forremarketingg purposes and track rich media assisted conversions. If you wish to opt out of these online advertising features, follow the instructions on the corresponding pages:
Google: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Bing: advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-usoptoutt-optimization
Yahoo: policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Facebook: facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Twitter: support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
AdRoll: app.adroll.comoptoutt
Back to Top
Terms of Use
Warranty Disclaimer The materials on Indiana Wesleyan University Web sites are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Indiana Wesleyan University does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Indiana Wesleyan University does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on this Web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Indiana Wesleyan University) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction arising out of the use of the materials. Links to other sites can be accessed through this home page. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained or otherwise posted by organizations independent of Indiana Wesleyan University. Indiana Wesleyan University does not endorse, approve or certify any information, product or service referenced or provided at such addresses.
Limitation of Liability While Indiana Wesleyan University uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on its Web sites, errors or omissions may occur. Indiana Wesleyan University makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this Web site. Under no circumstances including, but not limited to, negligence by act or omission, shall Indiana Wesleyan University or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering Indiana Wesleyan University Web sites be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this Web site, even if Indiana Wesleyan University or a Indiana Wesleyan University authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Indiana Wesleyan University's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you for accessing its Web sites.
Indiana Wesleyan University assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or malicious software that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in its Web sites or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from its Web sites.
Conditions of Use By using this site, you signify your agreement to the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this site. Indiana Wesleyan University may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
Restrictions on Use of Materials This site is owned and operated by Indiana Wesleyan University. Permission is granted to display and navigate around this Web site with a computer using HTML browser software, solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any commercial or public use of this Web site or any portion hereof is strictly prohibited.
Except as otherwise permitted by Indiana Wesleyan University, no materials from www.indwes.edu or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Indiana Wesleyan University may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material displayed on this Web site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this Web site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video, without Indiana Wesleyan University's written permission. Indiana Wesleyan University neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this Web site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Indiana Wesleyan University.
Jurisdictional Issues This Web site is controlled and operated by Indiana Wesleyan University from its offices within the State of Indiana, United States of America. Indiana Wesleyan University makes no representation that materials on www.indwes.edu or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Indiana Wesleyan University are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Trademarks/Service Marks and Copyrights Images displayed on this Web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Indiana Wesleyan University. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and icons used by Indiana Wesleyan University are proprietary to Indiana Wesleyan University. Nothing contained on the Web site should be construed as granting, by implication,estoppell, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed on this Web site without the written permission of Indiana Wesleyan University or such third party that may own the trademarks or service marks displayed on this Web site. Your use of the trademarks or service marks displayed on this Web site, or any other content on this Web site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Inquiries concerning use of Indiana Wesleyan University trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons, copyrights or other intellectual property should be addressed to:
Nancy Schoonmaker Indiana Wesleyan University 4201 S. Washington St. Marion, Indiana 46953 E-mail: nancy.schoonmaker@indwes.edu
Any communications or material you transmit to this Web site by electronic mail or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the property of Indiana Wesleyan University. Such communications or material shall be used for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Indiana Wesleyan University is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this Web site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information.
Trademark/Service Mark Notices All trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos used by Indiana Wesleyan University are the property of Indiana Wesleyan University.
We are very protective of our trademarks and service marks. All use of these marks must be with our permission. We will file appropriate legal actions to enjoin the unauthorized use of these marks. Under the law, we would be entitled to collect your profits, our actual damages and, perhaps, even our attorney fees. We thank you for your cooperation.
Other Information about Online Privacy Indiana Wesleyan University Web sites contain many hyperlinks to third party Web sites. In most cases, these links will open new browser windows. Indiana Wesleyan University is not responsible for the content of the Web sites these links follow nor is Indiana Wesleyan University responsible for the privacy practices of these Web sites. Indiana Wesleyan University does not share individual personal information you provide Indianan Wesleyan University with these third party Web sites to which the Indiana Wesleyan University Web sites link. Please reference the privacy policies of these Web sites to determine their privacy practices.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online-for example through e-mail, Web-based forms and applications as well as many additional ways, Indiana Wesleyan University collects this information on its computing systems. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Back to Top
Disclaimer
External Links This web site may contain links to, or be accessed through, links on World Wide Web sites of other institutions, individuals, or groups. Indiana Wesleyan University is not responsible for the content, availability, operation, or performance of any other site to which this Web site may be linked or from which this Web site may be accessed.
Right Reserved to Change The right is reserved to change any of the rules and regulations of the University at any time, including those relating to admission, instruction, and graduation. The right to withdraw curricula and specific courses, alter course content, change the calendar, and impose or increase fees is similarly reserved. All such changes are effective at such times as the proper authorities determine and may apply not only to prospective students but also to those already enrolled in the University.
The latest changes to hourly and salaried staff handbook policies are available at the office of the Director of Personnel Services.
Statement of Non-Discrimination in University Programs Indiana Wesleyan University is committed to equal opportunity in employment and education. IWU admits students and employs individuals of any race, sex, color, disability, national or ethnic origin. These have access to all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally made available to students or employees at the university. IWU does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, national or ethnic origin, disability, age or marital status in the administration of its educational policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other administered programs. Inquiries or complaints should be addressed on the appropriate form to the Vice President for Academic Affairs, Indiana Wesleyan University.
Back to Top
DMCAA Notice
Reporting Copyright Infringements In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCAA"), Indiana Wesleyan University has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement occurring in the indwes.edu domain or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Indiana Wesleyan University. If you believe that your copyrighted work is being infringed, notify our designated agent specified below.
Please note, this agent is for reporting of copyright infringement and is not necessarily the correct person to answer requests for copyright permission.
Nancy Schoonmaker  Indiana Wesleyan University 4201 S. Washington St. Marion, Indiana 46953 E-mail: nancy.schoonmaker@indwes.edu
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act requires that all infringement claims must be in writing and must include the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on its behalf;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
A description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit Indiana Wesleyan University to locate the material;
Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and email;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under the pains and penalties of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Back to Top
SMS/MMS
Mobile Message Terms and Conditions Indiana Wesleyan University offers a mobile messaging program. By opting in to or participating in any of our Programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions.
Back to Top
Indiana Wesleyan University 4201 S. Washington St. Marion, IN 46953
866-468-6498