http://www.education-jobs.co.uk/terms
Terms and Conditions - UK jobs, Careers, Recruitment - Education Jobs
Skip to main content
Education Jobs
Search Jobs
Job Alerts
Career Advice
Login
Register
Recruiting?
11,364 Education jobs
Saved Jobs (0)
Menu
Register
Login
Home
Job Alerts
Browse Jobs Career Advice Recruiting?
Home
Saved
Jobs
Search Jobs
Keywords
Location
Distance
up to 1 mile
up to 2 miles
up to 5 miles
up to 7 miles
up to 10 miles
up to 15 miles
up to 20 miles
up to 25 miles
up to 35 miles
up to 50 miles
up to 75 miles
up to 100 miles
up to 250 miles
up to 500 miles
up to 750 miles
Posted in the
Last 28 days
Last 14 days
Last 7 days
Last 3 days
Last 24 hours
Salary details
Salary Min
Salary Max
Per
annum
month
week
day
hour
Job Type
Any
Permanent
Contract
Part Time
Temporary
Apprenticeship
Find jobs now
ShowHide more options
Go to more search options
Terms & Conditions
General Terms | Additional Terms for Candidates | Additional Terms for Recruiters
This web site is owned and operated by CV-Library and is made available to you on the following terms and conditions. By using the site and the services available on it you are deemed to accept these terms and conditions and any additional terms and conditions which expressly apply to services and information provided by third parties.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT REGISTER OR USE THIS WEBSITE.
'Education Jobs'; 'we'; 'us'; and 'our'; means CV-Library Ltd of Beacon House, 10 Waterfront Business Park, Station Approach, Fleet, Hampshire, GU51 3TX.
'Candidate'; 'You' and 'Your' means any person registering with us or purchasing any of our services to assist with your job search.
'Recruiter'; 'You' and 'Your' means any person, company, organisation or firm which purchases services from us to assist your recruitment needs.
1. General Terms
The information and services available on the site are provided for the sole purpose of individuals looking for employment opportunities and career information and for employers seeking to recruit staff. You may use, print and download information from the site for these purposes only and for no other personal or commercial purpose. You may not otherwise copy, display, transmit or distribute any material from the site. All copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights in the site and the material available on the site belongs to CV-Library or its third party suppliers. Use of the site does not give you any proprietary rights in such materials. You agree not to deep-link and/or frame the Website or any of the Services for any purpose, unless specifically authorised by CV-Library to do so.
CV-Library will permit the Candidate and Recruiter to access, use and interact with our site subject to these terms and conditions. Any party using this service for any purpose other than those specifically stated in these Terms and Conditions shall immediately be banned from using this site.
We try to ensure continuous availability of the site and all the services available on it but accept no responsibility for the consequences of interruptions or delays, however caused. All liability of CV-Library, its directors or employees howsoever arising for any loss whatsoever arising from your use of or inability to use the Website and/or the Services is excluded, insofar as it is possible to do so in law. We may, additionally, alter the design and specification of the site at any time.
Candidates and Recruiters need to be aware that CV-Library do not introduce or supply Candidates to Recruiters (or vice versa). It is recommended that, if you are a Candidate to ensure your suitability for the role advertised or, if you are a Recruiter, to ensure a work-seeker's suitability for the role you should undertake the steps set out in The Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations 2003.
You agree that you shall not use the Website or the Services to transmit or knowingly or recklessly receive (or knowingly or recklessly authorise or permit any other person to receive or transmit) material which is obscene, threatening, menacing, offensive, defamatory, abusive, untrue, in breach of confidence, in breach of any intellectual property right (including copyright) or which may cause anxiety to others including racist or sexist content or material which otherwise violates any applicable law or regulation or code, or which makes excessive demands for bandwidth or contains any virus or which may otherwise impair or harm CV-Library's computer systems or any third party computer system.
Save to the extent possible by law CV-Library does not warrant that our Website or services will operate without error or that the site or services are free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties and CV-Library shall have no liability in respect thereof.
Save to the extent required by law, no representations, warranties or terms of any kind are made in respect of the Website and/or the Services or their contents (including, without limitation, any views or comment made). All information and/or data included in and/or on the Website, the Services and/or in any directory or other listings or information retrieval service made available on or by the Website and/or the Services has been so made available for guidance only. In addition, CV-Library makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the information and related graphics published in this site. The information contained in this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Your use of such information and/or data is therefore entirely at your own risk. All liability of CV-Library, its directors, employees or other representatives howsoever arising for any loss suffered as a result of your use of the Website and/or the Services is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the exclusions and limitations in these terms are intended to limit any rights you may have as a consumer under local law or other statutory rights which may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit CV-Library's liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees or agents.
Our website contains links to third party Web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to You and not as an endorsement by CV-Library of the contents on such third-party Web sites. CV-Library is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party Web sites. If You decide to access linked third-party Web sites, You do so at Your own risk FURTHERMORE you acknowledge that CV-Library is not responsible for third party content on the Website and that CV-Library cannot ensure that material presented on the Internet is legal. CV-Library will not limit access to material unless notified that it is illegal. In particular, you acknowledge that CV-Library is not responsible for and does not monitor the content of job postings provided by third parties on the Website. However, CV-Library shall have the right to remove any postings, materials or other items on the Website which it believes may be illegal or which it determines to be inappropriate.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless CV-Library, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) any User Content or other material You provide to any CV-Library Site, (ii) Your use of any CV-Library Content, or (iii) Your breach of these Terms. CV-Library shall provide notice to You promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
These Terms will remain in full force and effect while You are a User of any CV-Library Site. CV-Library reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to removal of Your User Content from the CV-Library Sites and immediate termination of Your registration with, or ability to access the, CV-Library Sites and/or any other services provided to You by CV-Library, upon any breach by You of these Terms or if CV-Library is unable to verify or authenticate any information You submit to a CV-Library Site registration. Even after You are no longer a User of the CV-Library Sites, certain provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. CV-Library may terminate, suspend or deny you access to the Website and/or Services immediately for any reason without incurring any liability whatsoever to you.
Where you are asked to complete a registration form the personal details that you provide must be true, accurate and complete. You agree to notify us of any changes which are relevant to your registration.
Your personal data will be collected and processed by CV-Library in accordance with its privacy policy. You hereby agree to these terms in our privacy policy by your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
i.
This Agreement shall be personal to you and you may not assign, transfer, sublet, lease or delegate all or any of your rights and obligations, without CV-Library's prior written consent.
ii. CV-Library reserves the right to assign or transfer all or any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any companies in the same group as CV-Library Ltd or any other third party. In the event of assignment or transfer, notification will either be given to you by e-mail or posted on the Website.
Failure or neglect by either party to exercise or enforce any right conferred shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right nor operate so as to bar that exercise or enforcement thereof or of any other right on any later occasion.
If any provision of this Agreement or part thereof is determined to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, such provision, or part thereof, shall be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in respect of its subject matter NOTWITHSTANDING that CV-Library reserves the right to vary this Agreement from time to time (including the services offered by CV-Library). Such changes shall either be notified to you by e-mail or posted on the Website via the logged in candidate or recruiter home pages. Changes in this manner shall be deemed to have been accepted if you continue to use the Website and/or the Services after a period of two weeks from the date of transmission of the e-mail or newsletter,
or of posting on the Website, whichever occurs later.
Any notices from us to you, or you to us, shall be sent by email or first class post to, in your case, the last address that you provided us, and in our case, our registered office, and shall be deemed to have been received two business days after the date of dispatch.
Please note that all calls may be recorded for staff training purposes.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
2. Additional Terms for Candidates
You acknowledge and agree that You are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any CV or material contained therein placed by You on the CV-Library Sites. You should be aware (subject to the contact details you provide) that you may be contacted directly by Recruiters by email, post or telephone.
CV-Library reserves the right to offer third party services and products to You based on the preferences that You identify in Your registration and at any time thereafter or you have agreed to receive, such offers may be made by CV-Library or by third parties. Please see our Privacy Policy, for further details.
The Candidate is liable if they are contacted by the Recruiter without intervention from CV- Library.
Enhanced Candidate Profile:
a. We do not guarantee that by subscribing to an enhanced profile you will secure a job. This is simply a tool that will enhance your visibility to Recruiters and employers and enable you to apply to jobs by email sooner.
b. We do not store your credit/debit card details. Payments are one-off payments and are not recurring.
c. For the avoidance of doubt, purchase of the enhanced Candidate profile is optional, and you may search and apply for jobs on our website upon completion of your online CV at no charge.
CV-Library does not discriminate against anyone registered to or using the CV-Library website. We try to ensure that all possible measures are taken to prevent any vacancies advertised or searches do not discriminate against age, disabilities, gender or race. The search tools in place on the site do not have the functionality to exclude any Candidates with disabilities. It is down to the users themselves to ensure they comply with discrimination laws.
Services and information provided on the site by us and our third party suppliers are intended to assist in the job seeking or recruitment process. Neither we nor our third party suppliers can guarantee their suitability or prospects of success in any particular case. You should obtain independent verification before relying on information provided on the site in circumstances which may result in loss or damage.
Our liability, and the liability of our third party suppliers, for any loss or damage suffered by you as the result of your use of this site is limited to your actual direct damages and, except in the case of fraud, excludes any loss of future earnings, profit or prospects or any consequential or speculative loss. As required by law, this exclusion does not extend to death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
You understand and acknowledge that You have no ownership rights in Your account and that if You cancel Your account or Your account is terminated, all Your account information from CV-Library, including CVs, Profiles, cover letters, saved jobs, questionnaires will be marked as deleted and will be deleted from CV-Library's databases within a reasonable time period. Third parties may retain saved copies of Your Information.
CV-Library reserves the right to delete Your account and all of Your Information after a significant duration of inactivity or in the event that any of our terms have been breached by you.
By registering your CV on CV-Library you agree that we may also store and show your CV and profile details, to recruiters, on any other job board owned directly by CV-Library Ltd (including the BritishJobs Network and Resume-Library).
3. Additional Terms for Recruiters
On receipt by us of your submitted information via our on-line form, email, telephone agreement or signed service agreement, you will be deemed to have accepted all of these terms and conditions, and will be granted access (subject to receiving payment) to our database in accordance with these terms and conditions. You also agree that all of the information you supply to us is correct, truthful and complete. You agree to inform us by email, telephone or post of any changes to any of the information supplied by you to us. We reserve the right to terminate this agreement in the event that any of the information provided by you to us, is no longer current or accurate or in the event you are in breach of these Terms & Conditions.
We will take reasonable steps to provide a reliable service to you. However, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of any of the CVs stored in our database. You acknowledge and accept that this is beyond our control, and refunds cannot be given in the event of untruthful information being submitted by Candidates.
You acknowledge and accept that all rights to information provided by third parties are reserved by those third parties, and that such information may not be used in any way that infringes any proprietary interests of those third parties. You agree not to disclose any information provided by the Candidates to any third parties, or those not directly related to the recruitment process of the individual(s) in question.
You acknowledge and accept that you will at all times comply with the provisions of current data protection legislation. And you will not, by any act or omission cause CV-Library to be in breach of current data protection legislation.
You acknowledge and accept that you are acting as a data controller for the purpose of current data protection legislation in connection with any personal data obtained in the provision of the Services by CV-Library. It is your responsibility to comply with your obligations as a data controller and to satisfy yourself of the legal grounds for processing any personal data.
CV-Library acknowledges that it will act as a data controller for the purposes of current data protection legislation and that it will comply with its legal obligations in the provision of the Services.
Any personal details which you provide to us from which we can identify you are held in accordance with our Data Protection Registration. You are obliged to have a lawful basis for the transfer of any personal data you provide to us. You agree that you do not object to us using this information to contact you for the purpose of improving our service to you, requesting payment(s), discussing account status, and you confirm that you do not consider any of the above as a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999.
In relation to the Google Maps API, you acknowledge and accept that by using CV-Library you are bound by Google's Terms of Service.
Reselling of CV-Library's services from 'recruitment agencies/flat fee companies' to other companies or agencies for the purpose of recruitment is not allowed on the site without prior written permission from CV-Library in the event that this occurs your account will be cancelled without refund. Permitted Resellers are also bound by the following:
a. You cannot resell to direct clients of CV-Library or stop companies from using our service
b. All postings must be in your own brand unless you purchase client branded adverts
c. The advert can not name the name of the client unless client branded adverts have been purchased
d. We have the right to refuse to display any client branded adverts if we have a relationship with the client directly, or are in talks to do so
Downloading or leeching our CV database, wholly or in part, for any reason other than recruiting for a current vacancy is strictly forbidden and will result in immediate cancellation of your account, without refund. Downloading using any software other than a browser is also strictly forbidden and will result in immediate cancellation of your account, without refund. Legal action may be taken against you. CV-Library's database usage functions on a search and selection process; CVs must be previewed to ensure relevancy against a specific job vacancy prior to download. Bulk downloading CVs is not permitted.
Contacting Candidates via email or other means, for any reason other than recruitment, is strictly forbidden.
You agree not to put excessive load on our servers.
With regards to fixed users, you agree that only these users will have access to the account. If any unauthorized users attempt to access the account, or if the account is accessed from other locations, we reserve the right to cancel your account immediately, without refund.
You shall use the CV-Library CV Database as provided in these Terms and in any contract You have with CV-Library. You shall use the CV-Library CV Database in accordance with all applicable privacy and data protection laws, and You agree You shall not further disclose any of the data from CV-Library CV Database to any third party, unless You are an authorized recruitment agency, staffing agency, advertising or other agency or using the CV explicitly for employment purposes.
You agree to deal fairly and professionally with individuals who may respond to an advertisement you have posted and not do anything which may bring CV-Library into disrepute. You will indemnify us from and against any claim brought by an individual against CV-Library arising from your breach of this obligation or any other of these terms and conditions.
We do not guarantee any response to your advertisement or that responses will be from individuals suitable for the job advertised. It is your responsibility to carry out such checks and procedures as are necessary to ensure that Candidates are suitable for the job advertised and have the required qualifications and personal characteristics.
We have rules regarding the content and format of jobs posted on CV-Library. Their purpose is to ensure that users who search the site or the CV-Library database get results which are presented as clearly and informatively as possible. You agree that we may, at our discretion and without liability to you, remove from CV-Library any advertisement which is posted in breach of these rules. The rules may change from time to time and you are advised to refer to them regularly.
a. The job posted must exist in the town advertised, unless it is a franchise opportunity (which must be stated in the description).
b. The job title should be specific and be the best description for the role. It must not include locations, salaries or company names, and should not be a slogan (e.g. Great Opportunity or Money To Be Made!).
c. Emails and URLs within job descriptions are not allowed. We will automatically remove these.
d. The description of the role should mention the required skills as well as details describing the role. Contact names should not be mentioned in the job description. Recruitment agencies are only permitted to include the client name that they are recruiting on behalf of once within the description, unless client branded adverts have been purchased.
e. If the job role offers training and there is a charge for this then the vacancy must state this and this vacancy will then be branded with our 'learn to earn' banner. Training courses must be advertised separately within our training section.
f. Advertisements which discriminate (or appear to discriminate) on grounds of sex, race, age or disability are illegal and may result in proceedings being taken against both the advertiser and the publisher. Advertisements are accepted by CV-Library on the basis that the advertiser confirms that any requirement or qualification which may appear to discriminate illegally is in compliance with any exemption available under the relevant legislation. Notwithstanding this confirmation, if we nonetheless believe that an advertisement may be discriminatory we may at our discretion either amend the advertisement or remove it from CV-Library without liability to you to make any refund of amounts paid or due to be paid in respect of the posting or otherwise and will inform you accordingly.
g. The vacancy should accurately describe the role and not mislead the Candidate; sufficient detail should be included in order for the Candidate to understand the nature of the role and the basic requirements of the role. If a role requires a Candidate to work in multiple locations then the vacancy must state this; if the role is selling a product/service 'door-to-door' then the vacancy must state this; similarly, if the role is a commission only role then this must be stated on the vacancy.
Your job posting(s) can be distributed to and displayed across our network of selected partner sites (for details of our partner sites please see www.cv-library.co.uk/network). Your job posting(s) can be excluded from selected/all partner sites upon request by contacting your Client Response Coordinator. The following cannot be guaranteed:
a. your job posting(s) will appear on our entire network
b. the job posting(s) will appear on specific partner sites
c. the ranking/positioning of your job(s) on any of our partner sites
Job credits must be used within the Fixed Term; time will not be extended for job credits that have not been posted or posted part of the way through the Fixed Term (for example, if you sign up for one job credit over a one month fixed term and this is posted on the 21st day the job will expire on the last day of the one month fixed term).
All information provided to you by us is confidential you will not disclose your username and/or password to any persons outside of your company. If disclosure occurs we reserve the right to terminate this agreement immediately and seek compensation. Passwords are for the sole use of the person to whom they are issued. Passwords must be kept confidential and secure. We may deny access to a password if we reasonably believe that it is being used by an unauthorised person or that the user is breaching these terms and conditions. You agree to notify us as soon as reasonably possible in the event that your password is, or may be, known to any person(s) other than those within your organisation. Upon notification of such an event, we will render such password inoperable, and will issue a new password by a mutually agreed method (telephone or email or post).
Other than through our negligence or wilful default, we shall not be liable for any losses, damages or claims which result directly or indirectly from any person obtaining any passwords that we have issued you. Our total liability to the Customer in respect of any Services, except for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, is limited to the total amount paid to us during the Contract Term for such Services or £10,000, whichever is the greater.
CV-Library acts as an agent, and is not responsible for the content of job adverts from different employers/agencies. If you have an issue with a job advert that is not your own, you should deal with this directly and not through CV-Library.
Payment Terms:
a. You agree to pay the entire balance (in pounds sterling) of your account prior to the commencement of the service (unless an alternative payment structure is agreed in writing). You agree that payments will be made by cheque, credit/debit card or bank transfer. You acknowledge and agree that in the event of failure by you, or the person with whom responsibility lies for payment of such transactions, that we may terminate your account and cancel this agreement immediately. We may also pursue payment in a court of law.
b. You agree to the payment structure agreed with your account manager, and agree to be charged in accordance with it. All prices are in pounds sterling.
c. You agree that we may alter the above rates within 14 days of notifying you of such changes, although any changes will not come into effect until the end of your Fixed Term. If you do not wish to continue this agreement with the altered rates, you may terminate the agreement at the end of your Fixed Term.
d. We may agree monthly payments in advice by way of Direct Debit. Direct Debits will be taken in advance of services used and will be set, and money debited, by Debit Finance. You will be notified in writing of the amount debited and the Fixed Term. If one payment is missed then the monthly instalment must be settled immediately by BACS or credit card, your account and all services will be suspended until payment is received. If two payments are missed the account will automatically be cancelled and no future Direct Debits will be granted and the outstanding amount for the remainder of the fixed term will become due immediately, CV-Library reserve the right to pursue payment in a court of law.
e. All prices exclude VAT. All invoices are payable in accordance with your Service Agreement. Late payment will entitle us to suspend provision of Services. Interest will be payable on late payments at the rate of 3% above National Westminster Bank plc's base rate from time to time.
Refunds cannot be provided if the Candidate is not of the desired age, sex, race, or nationality, as these criteria contradict our equal opportunities policy, and common decency.
The terms and conditions of this agreement will continue unless terminated by you or us, by notice in accordance with this section.
a. We reserve the right to terminate this agreement immediately and payment will become due immediately of all outstanding amounts. CV-Library
will have no further obligation to you, upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
i. You fail to pay any amount due to us;
ii. You are a limited company and call a meeting of creditors or are otherwise the subject of proceedings under the Insolvency Act of 1986, or are unable to pay your debts as they fall due within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act of 1986, you cease to trade or go into liquidation;
iii. You are an individual and are declared bankrupt or enter into any arrangement or compromise with your creditors, or you cease to trade;
iv. The Recruiter is in material breach of these terms and conditions and has not remedied such breach within ten days of notice specifying the breach and requiring that it be remedied.
b. The Recruiter may terminate the provision of Services in writing to us:
i. To expire at the end of the Fixed Term.
ii. In the event that we are in material breach of these terms and conditions and have not remedied such breach within ten days of notice specifying the breach and requiring that it be remedied, or:
iii. We become insolvent, cease to trade or go into liquidation
iv. Termination by the Customer before the end of the Fixed Term may, at our discretion, result in loss of discounts agreed for the entire Fixed Term.
See Also:
Education Jobs Privacy Policy
Education Jobs Cookie Policy
Back to Top
Jobseekers
Register your CV
Login
Home
Search Jobs
Career Advice
Job Alerts
Recruit Now
Contact us FAQ
Jobseekers
Jobseekers
Register your CV
Login
Home
Jobseeker Tools
Jobseeker Tools
Search Jobs
Career Advice
Job Alerts
Recruiters
Recruit Now
General
General
Contact us
FAQ
Search jobs
Support links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
© Copyright 2000 - 2020 CV-Library Ltd. All rights reserved