https://www.fau.eu/privacy
Navigation
Skip links
Jump to content
Meta Navigation
UnivISContacts and directionsCareers at FAU
Search
Please select one of the available search engines:
Local Website Search
Google FAU Search (Privacy Disclaimer)
Search suggestions
Portale Mein CampusUnivISLageplan
Deutsch
BreadcrumbHome /Privacy
Privacy
Privacy
Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU) is responsible its websites
within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national
data protection laws as well as other data protection regulations. It is legally
represented by its President. For contact details, please consult the
legal notice
on FAU’s central website.
The respective FAU institutions are responsible for any content they make available on
the websites of Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU). For questions
related to specific content, please contact the person responsible as named in the legal notice of this web page.
Name and address of the Data Protection Officer
Norbert Gärtner, RD
Schloßplatz 4
91054 Erlangen
Telefon:
+49 9131 85-25860 Fax: +49 9131 85-70239 E-Mail: datenschutzbeauftragter@fau.de
Expand All General information on data processing General information on data processing
Scope of processing of personal data We only process our users’ personal data to the extent necessary to provide services,
content and a functional website. As a rule, personal data are only processed after
the user gives their consent. An exception applies in those cases where it is
impractical to obtain the user’s prior consent and the processing of such data is
permitted by law.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data Art. 6 (1) (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) forms the legal
basis for us to obtain the consent of a data subject for their personal data to be
processed. When processing personal data required for the performance of a contract in which the
contractual party is the data subject, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR forms the legal basis. This
also applies if data has to be processed in order to carry out pre-contractual
activities. Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR forms the legal basis if personal data has to be processed in order
to fulfil a legal obligation on the part of our organisation. Art. 6 (1) (d) GDPR forms the legal basis in the case that vital interests of the data
subject or another natural person make the processing of personal data necessary. If data processing is necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests of our
organisation or of a third party and if the interests, basic rights and fundamental
freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the interests mentioned above,
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR forms the legal basis for such data processing.
Deletion of data and storage period The personal data of the data subject are deleted or blocked as soon as the reason
for storing them ceases to exist. Storage beyond this time period may occur if
provided for by European or national legislators in directives under Union
legislation, laws or other regulations to which the data controller is subject.
Such data are also blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by one of the
above-named rules expires, unless further storage of the data is necessary for
entering into or performing a contract.
Log files Provision of the website and generation of log files Description and scope of data processing Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and
information from the user’s computer system. In this context, the following data are collected:
Address (URL) of the website from which the file was requested Name of the retrieved file Date and time of the request Data volume transmitted Access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.) Description of the type of web browser and/or operating system used Anonymised IP address of the requesting computer
The data stored are required exclusively for technical or statistical purposes; no
comparison with other data or disclosure to third parties occurs, not even in part.
The data are stored in our system’s log files. This is not the case for the user’s
IP addresses or other data that make it possible to assign the data to a specific
user: before data are stored, each dataset is anonymised by changing the IP address.
These data are not stored together with other personal data . Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and logfiles is §§ 14, 15 TMG,
§ 100 Abs. 1 TKG and Art. 4 BayDSG following the tasks of Art. 11 BayEGovG and
Art. 7 and 34 BayHO Purpose of data processing The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary in order to
deliver the website to the user’s computer. For this purpose, the user’s IP address
must remain stored for the duration of the session. The storage of such data in log files takes place in order to ensure the website’s
functionality. These data also serve to help us optimise the website and ensure that our
IT systems are secure. They are not evaluated for marketing purposes in this respect.
Storage period Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose
for which they were collected. If data have been collected for the purpose of
providing the website, they are deleted at the end of the respective session. If data are stored in log files, they are deleted at the latest after seven days. A
longer storage period is possible. In this case, the users’ IP addresses are deleted
or masked so that they can no longer be assigned to the client accessing the website. Options for filing an objection or requesting removal The collection of data for the purpose of providing the website and the storage of
such data in log files is essential to the website’s operation. As a consequence,
the user has no possibility to object.
Cookies Use of cookies Description and scope of data processing Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are saved in the user’s web
browser or by the web browser on the user’s computer system. When a user accesses
a website, a cookie can be stored in the user’s operating system. This cookie
contains a character string that allows the unique identification of the browser
when the website is accessed again. We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some parts of our website
require that the requesting browser can also be identified after changing pages. During this process, the following data are stored in the cookies and transmitted:
Log-in information (only in the case of protected information that is made available
exclusively to FAU members) Search preferences (from October 2018)
Technical measures are taken to pseudonymise user data collected in this way. This
means that the data can no longer be assigned to the user. The data are not stored
together with other personal data of the user. When accessing our website, a banner informs users that cookies are used for analysis
purposes and makes reference to this data protection policy. In connection with this,
users are also instructed how they can block the storage of cookies in their browser settings. Legal basis for data processing he legal basis for the temporary storage of data and logfiles is §§ 14, 15 TMG,
§ 100 Abs. 1 TKG and Art. 4 BayDSG following the tasks of Art. 11 BayEGovG and
Art. 7 and 34 BayHO
Purpose of data processing Analysis cookies are used for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and
its content. We learn through the analysis cookies how the website is used and in
this way can continuously optimise our web presence.
Storage period, options for filing an objection or requesting removal As cookies are stored on the user’s computer and are transmitted from it to our website,
users have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the
transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser. Cookies that
are already stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically.
If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may be the case that not all of the
website’s functions can be used in full.
Newsletter
Newsletter Description and scope of data processing You can subscribe to free newsletters via our website. When you register for a newsletter, the data from the input form are transmitted to us. In the course of the registration process, we request your consent for the processing of your personal data and draw your attention to this data protection policy. No data are disclosed to third parties in connection with data processing for the dispatch of newsletters. Such data are used exclusively for dispatching and improving our newsletters. Legal basis for data processing Once the user has granted consent, the legal basis for data processing following the user’s registration for a newsletter is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Purpose of data processing The user’s e-mail address is needed to deliver the newsletter. Storage period Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose for which they were collected. Accordingly, users’ email addresses are stored for as long as they subscribe to the newsletter. Options for filing an objection or requesting removal Users can cancel their newsletter subscriptions at any time. Each newsletter contains a link for this purpose. Contact form and contact by e-mail Description and scope of data processing Contact forms are available on our website that can be used to contact us electronically. If a user makes use of this possibility, the data they enter in the input form are transmitted to us and stored. The contact forms list and explain which data is required. The contact forms indicate if there are any deviations from or additions to the principles, purpose and duration of storage as presented here. Legal basis for data processing Once the user has granted consent, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted by e-mail is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If the purpose of the e-mail contact is to enter into a contract, the additional legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. Purpose of data processing The personal data from the input form are processed solely for the purpose of contacting the user. If the user contacts us by e-mail, this also constitutes our legitimate interests in processing the data. All other personal data processed during the dispatch of an e-mail serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure that our IT systems are secure. Storage period Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose for which they were collected. This is the case for the personal data from the input template of the contact form and those data sent by e-mail when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is regarded to have ended when it can be seen from the circumstances that the subject matter in question has been conclusively settled. Options for filing an objection or requesting removal Users can withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by email, they may withdraw their consent for the storage of their personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot continue and all personal data which were stored when contact was made are deleted.
Contact form and contact by e-mail Contact form and contact by e-mail
Description and scope of data processing
Contact forms are available on our website that can be used to contact us electronically.
If a user makes use of this possibility, the data they enter in the input form are
transmitted to us and stored. The contact forms list and explain which data is required. The contact forms indicate if
there are any deviations from or additions to the principles, purpose and duration of
storage as presented here.
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Article 6 (1) lit. e DSGVO i.V.m. Art. 4 and 5 BayDSG for the fulfillment
of the tasks of § 5 TMG, Art. 3 para. 1 BayEGovG and § 2 BayBITV If the e-mail contact aims to conclude a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Purpose of data processing
The personal data from the input form are processed solely for the purpose of
contacting the user. If the user contacts us by e-mail, this also constitutes
our legitimate interests in processing the data. All other personal data processed during the dispatch of an e-mail serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure that our IT systems are secure.
Storage period
Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose for
which they were collected. This is the case for the personal data from the input
template of the contact form and those data sent by e-mail when the respective
conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is regarded to have ended when it
can be seen from the circumstances that the subject matter in question has been
conclusively settled.
Options for filing an objection
For reasons that arise from your particular situation, you may also object to the
processing of personal data relating to us by us at any time (Art. 21 GDPR).
If the legal requirements are met, we will no longer process your personal data in the following.
Obligation to provide Insofar as the personal data required for the performance of the contract is not specified, this is not possible for us.
Tab Contact and registration forms Registration forms Description and scope of data processing You can register for seminars, events and courses via the forms available on our website. When you register, the data from the input form are transmitted to us. In the course of the registration process, we request your consent for the processing of your personal data and draw your attention to this data protection policy. No data are disclosed to third parties in connection with the data processing required for this purpose. Data are used exclusively for administration purposes related to seminars, courses and events. Legal basis for data processing Once the user has issued their consent, the legal basis for data processing following the user’s registration for a seminar, course or event is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Purpose of data processing The processing of personal data from the input form is solely for the purpose of allowing us to process the user’s registration for a seminar, course or event. If the user contacts us by e-mail, this also constitutes our legitimate interests in processing the data. All other personal data processed during the dispatch of an e-mail serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure that our IT systems are secure. Storage period Data are deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for fulfilling the purpose for which they were collected. Options for filing an objection or requesting removal The user can withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by email, they may withdraw their consent for the storage of their personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot continue and all personal data which were stored when contact was made are deleted.
Corona Kontaktverfolgung Information on data processing for contact tracing purposes in view of the pandemic when attending face-to-face sessions or using facilities at Bavarian universities
General information
Pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, you, the data subject, are entitled to the following rights concerning the processing of your data:
You can ask for information about whether data concerning you are being processed. If this is the case, you are entitled to information about which data are processed and other information relating to the processing (Art. 15 GDPR). Please note that this right to information can be restricted or excluded in certain cases (see in particular Section 10 BayDSG). If the personal data concerning you are/have become inaccurate or are incomplete, you can request that these data are rectified and/or completed (Art. 16 GDPR). If the legal requirements are met, you can request that your personal data are deleted (Art. 17 GDPR) or processing of these data is restricted (Art. 18 GDPR). The right to deletion pursuant to Art. 17 (1) and (2) GDPR does not apply, however, if the processing of personal data is vital for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority (Art. 17 (3)(b) GDPR). You are entitled to file a complaint concerning the processing of your personal data with a supervisory authority as defined in Art. 51 GDPR. The pertinent supervisory authority for the Bavarian public service is the Bavarian Data Protection Officer, Wagmüllerstraße 18, 80538 München.
Obligation to provide data If you would like to attend any face-to-face session or enter our institution, we are obliged by the statutory accident insurance provider and current legal requirements to process your personal data in an effort to contain the coronavirus pandemic. If you do not provide the required data, we must unfortunately prevent you from attending the session or entering our institution.
Purpose and legal basis of processing Purpose
Infection prevention and contact tracing at face-to-face sessions or visits to the institution in order to comply with official requirements for ensuring the safety of the event.
Legal basis
The legal basis for the temporary saving of the data is meeting official requirements for ensuring the safety of the event pursuant to Section 6 (1) (c) and (d) GDPR and Section 9 (2) (i) GDPR in conjunction with Section 4 (1), Section 5 (1) (1)(1) BayDSG on the basis of BayIfSMV, IfSG, Section 21 SGB VII.
Categories of personal data
NumberName of data 1	Contact information 2	Time and duration of stay 3	Information from health authority
Categories of recipients
No. for categories	Recipients	Reason for disclosure	Storage location 1, 2	Pertinent health authorities / local authorities	Sections 16 (2) and 25 (2) IfSG	Germany
Planned deadlines for deleting the various data categories
No. of categories	Deadline for deletion 1, 2	Four weeks after attending the session or visiting the institution, unless disclosure is required. 3	Information from the health authorities is not stored permanently.
External services
YouTube YouTube Dieses Webangebot bindet Videos des Videoportals YouTube ein. Betreiber von YouTube ist die
Google Ireland Limited („Google“), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,
Irland.
Beschreibung und Umfang der Datenverarbeitung Wenn Sie eine unserer Seiten besuchen, auf denen YouTube eingebunden ist, wird
eine Verbindung zu den Servern von YouTube hergestellt. Dabei wird dem YouTube-Server
mitgeteilt, welche unserer Seiten Sie besucht haben.
Die Einbindung von YouTube Videos erfolgt entweder
über ein Plugin des RRZE, welches dafür sorgt, dass Daten erst dann zu YouTube gehen,
wenn Sie das Video abspielen,
über eine direktes Embedding, in dem das Video über den Proxydienst 	Youtube-Nocookie.com gesendet wird. Dies verhindert zwar die 	Übertragung vom Daten bereits beim Abruf der Seite, verhindert diese jedoch 	nicht, nachdem Sie das Video gestartet haben oder über ein Einbinden des Videos mit Hilfe der originalen YouTube-Embeddings-Codes.
Beim Abruf des Videos kann YouTube
verschiedene Cookies auf Ihrem Endgerät
speichern. Mit Hilfe dieser Cookies kann
YouTube Informationen über Besucher dieser Website erhalten. Diese Informationen
werden u. a. verwendet, um Videostatistiken zu erfassen, die Anwenderfreundlichkeit
zu verbessern und Betrugsversuchen vorzubeugen. Die Cookies verbleiben auf Ihrem
Endgerät, bis Sie sie löschen.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem YouTube-Account
eingeloggt sind, ermöglichen Sie YouTube, Ihr Surfverhalten direkt Ihrem
persönlichen Profil zuzuordnen. Dies können Sie verhindern, indem Sie
sich aus Ihrem YouTube-Account ausloggen.
Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung Die Nutzung von YouTube erfolgt
im Interesse einer ansprechenden Darstellung unserer Online-Angebote. Dies stellt
ein berechtigtes Interesse im Sinne von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO dar. Sofern eine
entsprechende Einwilligung abgefragt wurde (z. B. eine Einwilligung zur Speicherung
von Cookies), erfolgt die Verarbeitung ausschließlich auf Grundlage von
Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a DSGVO; die Einwilligung ist jederzeit widerrufbar. Weitere Informationen zum Umgang mit Nutzerdaten finden Sie in der
Datenschutzerklärung von YouTube unter: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
Siteimprove
Usage of Siteimprove Analytics
Description and scope of data processing
This website uses Siteimprove Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Siteimprove. Siteimprove Analytics uses „cookies“, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the FAU analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookies about the visitors’ use of the website will be stored and processed by Siteimprove on servers in Denmark.
IP addresses are anonymized irreversibly before data is made available in the Siteimprove Analytics or Intelligence Suite for the FAU.
The FAU will use this information for evaluating the visitors’ use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and ultimately for improving the website experience for its visitors. Siteimprove will not transmit this information to third parties or use it for any marketing or advertising purposes.
These are the cookies used by Siteimprove on this website:
Cookie name: nmstat
Type: Persistent - expires after 1000 days
About: This cookie is used to help record visitors' use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.
Cookie name: siteimproveses
Type: Session cookie
About: This cookie is used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the site.
By using this website, the visitor consents to the processing of data about him/her by Siteimprove in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) (e) GDPR in relation with Art. 4 BayDSG, especially the specification under § 15 (3) TMG and Art. 10 BayHSchG.
Possibilities of objection and deletion
You can prevent the collection of your data by Siteimprove Analytics by clicking the following link. An Opt-Out-Cookie will be set that will prevent future collection of your data when visiting this website:
Opt out
Other services Usage of Siteimprove Analytics Description and scope of data processing This website uses Siteimprove Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Siteimprove. Siteimprove Analytics uses „cookies“, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the FAU analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookies about the visitors’ use of the website will be stored and processed by Siteimprove on servers in Denmark. IP addresses are anonymized irreversibly before data is made available in the Siteimprove Analytics or Intelligence Suite for the FAU. The FAU will use this information for evaluating the visitors’ use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and ultimately for improving the website experience for its visitors. Siteimprove will not transmit this information to third parties or use it for any marketing or advertising purposes.
These are the cookies used by Siteimprove on this website:
Cookie name: nmstat
Type: Persistent - expires after 1000 days About: This cookie is used to help record visitors' use of the website. It is used to collect statistics about site usage such as when the visitor last visited the site. The cookie contains no personal information and is used only for web analytics.
Cookie name: siteimproveses
Type: Session cookie About: This cookie is used purely to track the sequence of pages a visitor looks at during a visit to the site.
By using this website, the visitor consents to the processing of data about him/her by Siteimprove in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1) (e) GDPR in relation with Art. 4 BayDSG, especially the specification under § 15 (3) TMG and Art. 10 BayHSchG.
Possibilities of objection and deletion You can prevent the collection of your data by Siteimprove Analytics by clicking the following link. An Opt-Out-Cookie will be set that will prevent future collection of your data when visiting this website:
Opt out
SSL encryption SSL encryption Our website uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission
of confidential information, for example enquiries you send to us as operators of
the website. You can recognise an encrypted connection when the browser’s address
line changes from http:// to https:// and a padlock
appears in your web browser.
If SSL encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third
parties.
Rights of the data subject Rights of the data subject
With regard to the processing of your personal data, you as a data subject are
entitled to the following rights pursuant to Art. 15 et seq. GDPR:
You can request information as to whether we process your personal data. If 	this is the case, you have the right to information about this personal data 	as well as further information in connection with the processing (Art. 15 GDPR).
Please note that this right of access may be restricted or excluded in certain
cases (cf. in particular Art. 10 BayDSG). In the event that personal data about you is (no longer) accurate or incomplete,
you may request that this data be corrected and, if necessary, completed
(Art. 16 GDPR). If the legal requirements are met, you can demand that your personal data be erased
(Art. 17 GDPR) or that the processing of this data be restricted (Art. 18 DSGVO).
However, the right to erasure pursuant to Art. 17 (1) and (2) GDPR does not apply,
inter alia, if the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance 	of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official
authority or in the exercise of official authority vested (Art. 17 para. 3 	letter b GDPR). If you have given your consent to the processing, you have the right to 	withdrawal it at any time. The withdrawal will only take effect in the future;
this means that the withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing
operations carried out on the basis of the consent up to the withdrawal. For reasons arising from your particular situation, you may also object to the
processing of your personal data by us at any time (Art. 21 GDPR). If the legal
requirements are met, we will subsequently no longer process your personal 	data. Insofar as you have consented to the processing of your personal data or have
agreed to the performance of the contract and the data processing is carried
out automated , you may be entitled to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR). You have the right to lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority within the
meaning of Art. 51 GDPR about the processing of your personal data. The
responsible supervisory authority for Bavarian public authorities is the
Bavarian Data Protection Commissioner, Wagmüllerstraße 18, 80538 Munich.