http://www.mertonjcr.org/legal
Merton JCR
The JCR
Executive committee
General committee
Constitution
Standing orders
Welfare
Welfare supplies
Peer supporters
College welfare
Cycling
Financial support
Medical
Nightline
Personal safety
Support
University Counselling
Resources
Academics
Hall and bar
Accommodation
Finance
Environment & ethics
Energy conservation
Recycling
IT
Eduroam
Microsoft office
Website
Societies
Sports
Subject societies
LGBTQ
College
Student ambassadors
Incoming & Prospective students
Prospective students
Freshers
Login
Login
Register
LegalPrivacy policyThis privacy policy covers your interactions with our website, mertonjcr.org, referred to as the WebsiteWebsite VisitorsWhen someone visits the Website we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the Website. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source.Use of cookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The list below explains the cookies we use:Name: PHPSESSIDUse: This cookie is used to maintain persistance over your visit. We only use it to remember your login status. It is not used to track your activities over the website.Lifetime: We ask your browser to keep the cookie for a day. Name: c_mobileUse: This cookie is used to remember if you would like to use the specific device in mobile or desktop mode. Your choice is not stored on the server.Lifetime: We ask your browser to keep it for a year after updating your preference. Third party cookies:Third party: GoogleUse: This website uses reCAPTCHA. For this to work, Google will store cookies on your computer.More information: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.If you do not consent to the way we use cookies, you must disable them or refrain from using the site.Your interactionsIf you have an account on the Website, we store personal information about you, such as name, username and email address, which you have provided during sign-up, or when modifying your personal information.Your interactions with the Website may generate further data, such as when uploading files, or filling out forms. We store this data only as long as needed, in order to provide you with the services you have requested.We do our best to ensure all users personal data is securely stored, and we never disclosed to third parties, unless required by law. If we have reason to believe that an unauthorized data leak has occurred, we will inform all users.If you would like to view or modify or delete all information stored about you, please contact us.We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy without notice.By using and browsing this website, you consent to the above privacy policy.Last updated: 2020/02/22Terms of serviceThese terms of service cover your interactions with our website, mertonjcr.org, referred to as the Website.ContentThe content of the pages of this Website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.We will make a reasonable effort to ensure that all information is up to date, but we are not liable for any damages resulting from inaccurate or missing information.The Website may contain links to other websites. We do not guarantee that these links are correct, or function as intended. We are not liable for any damages resulting from invalid, inaccurate or malicious links.CopyrightThis Website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.This material includes, but is not limited to, the text, design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.Reproduction is prohibited other than to the extents permitted by the law.Your accountOnly members of the Merton College Oxford JCR, who are above the age of 16 may have an account on the website.RegistrationYou may only create an account on your own behalf, and must supply accurate information. If any of your information becomes outdated, or is invalid, you must correct it or notify us as soon as possible. Any information provided is subject to our Privacy Policy.SecurityYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for all activities resulting from the use of your password on the Website.TerminationYour account may be terminated without prior notice if you violate our terms and conditions.Examples of this may include (but are not limited to). You are no longer a member of the Merton College Oxford JCR. In this case we will attempt to automatically delete your account. If we do not do this, you may not continue to use your account, and must notify us as soon as you confirm that your account is still active You provide inaccurate information You attempt to bypass the security safeguards of the website, such as accessing features not available to you.AvailabilityWe make an attempt to make sure the website is functional, and able to provide its services.We do not guarantee that the website is always available, and we are not liable for any damages resulting from issues or outages.We may modify these Terms of Service at any time. Preexisting users may continue to use the Website for 30 days with the old Terms of Service after being notified of the change on the email provided.By using and browsing this Website, you agree to the above Terms of Service.Last updated: 2019/10/9