https://www.trueofficelearning.com/privacy/
TRAINING SOLUTIONS
SCHOLAR - Adaptive Training
COACH - Reinforcement Tools
SCHOLAR FOR MID-SIZED COMPANIES
GET A DEMO
TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
I.Q. - Predictive Analytics
POET - Course Self-Editing
LEARN I.O. - Modern LMS
GET A DEMO
WHY IT WORKS
RESOURCES
BLOG
WHAT'S NEW
PRESS & NEWS
COVID RESOURCES
DOWNLOADS
Upcoming Events and Webinars
ROI CALCULATOR
CASE STUDY - CARGILL
ABOUT
Company and Mission
FAQ
Contact Us
CLIENTS
Client Login
Report an Issue
REQUEST DEMO
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 13, 2020
Purpose & Scope
True Office Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation, has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect, use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical supports services, if any. If you are visiting from outside the United States, there may be special rules or limitations on your use of the Website.
This Website, (as applicable, www.trueofficelearning.com or analytics.trueoffice.com) is owned and operated by True Office Learning, Inc., a Delaware corporation. In this privacy policy, "True Office" ("us", "we" or "our") refers to True Office Learning, Inc. True Office respects the privacy of every individual who uses this Website. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") outlines the information we collect from the Website (as defined below) and how we use, disclose and otherwise manage that information, as well as the choices you have concerning such information. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information collected on our Website. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Website" means the Website of True Office available to the general public and located at www.trueofficelearning.com, www.analytics.trueoffice.com, and other True Office websites where this Privacy Policy is posted, or any software application made available by True Office for use on a computer, tablet, mobile phone or other mobile device. By submitting your personal information to True Office through the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your use of this Website and our services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions/Site Disclaimer, available here and from our homepage, including any applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. Our Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect, use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical supports services, if any.
If you are visiting from outside the United States, there may be special rules or limitations on your use of this Website.
This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on January 13, 2020.
1. CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Policy is current as of the effective date set forth above. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes and modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting of the changes and modifications on the Website, except where prohibited by law. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy. If at any time you choose not to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Website.
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information We Collect Directly From You - We collect personal information from you when you use our Website; the type of information that we collect from you depends on your particular interaction with our Website and services. We require you to register with our Website to access certain features; we may collect the following information from you during the registration process: your name, country of residence, address, phone number, job title, company, email address, and a password that you select.Information We Collect About You Automatically - We and our third-party service providers, use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you automatically as you use our Website. Examples of this type of information include, but are not limited to, the dates and times of your use of this Website and the route by which you choose to access it, including your IP (Internet Protocol) address, your browser type, your operating system, or domain name, and your use of any hyperlinks or downloadable content available on this Website. We may combine this information with other information that we collect about you. For additional information about our use of these technologies, please see “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” below.
3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We primarily use your information to provide our services to you and to respond to your inquiries. We also may use your information as follows:
To communicate with you, including to respond to your comments or requests for information, to request feedback on our products and services, and to notify you about changes to subscriptions, services and products.
To help us understand our customers, to tailor and enhance our product and service offerings, anticipate and resolve problems with any products or services supplied to you, create products or services that may meet your needs, communicate with you about our products and services, provide access to restricted pages or contents of the Website.
To comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
To facilitate your purchases and to identify you when you log into your account on our Website.
For marketing and advertising purposes. For example, where permitted by applicable law, we will send you emails about products and services that we believe would be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties. We do not, however, share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We also will use the information that we collect to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns.
For Website development, research, analytics, assessing patterns of use, regulatory purposes, planning and assessing marketing initiatives by True Office.
As required or permitted by law.
4. COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
You have the option of disabling cookies and of opting out of certain tracking for advertising purposes. However, we currently do not honor browser requests not to be tracked.
Cookies - This Website uses cookies. Information about cookies and our Cookie Policy is available here and from our home page.
Web Beacons - True Office employs a software technology that serves as a web tracking device to collect certain information about traffic to the Website. This device is classified as a "web beacon" which means that the scope of its collection is restricted to the Website traffic data. It is similar in function to cookies. The main difference between cookies and web beacons is that web beacons are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. A P3P-compliant JavaScript cookie is set and collected by the tracking device to allow for differentiation between visitors to the sites. This data is used for tracking and reporting aggregate usage patterns on the Website as well as to enable us to track email response rates (e.g., whether you opened/ or forwarded an email).
IP Addresses - We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Website. We may also use your IP address to identify you when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or the terms of use for services purchased through the Website, or to protect our services, Website, systems, information, employees, business partners, service providers, users, customers or others, and for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
5. DISCLOSURES & ONWARD TRANSFERS
We share your information with the following persons/entities and in the following circumstances:
Third Party Service Providers - To enable us to more efficiently provide the products and services you have requested from us, True Office may share your personal information with selected third parties that act on our behalf as our agents, suppliers, or providers, or these third parties may collect your personal information on True Office’s behalf. You acknowledge that the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information may be undertaken by these selected third parties for the purpose for which the information was collected. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information for their own marketing purposes.
In some cases, we may provide personal information to a third party only if that third party agrees (1) to provide adequate protections for your privacy interests that are no less protective than those set out in this Privacy Policy, and (2) to use the personal information only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by True Office.
Transfer of Business Assets - As we continue to develop our business, we might acquire or buy other businesses or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, we may transfer any information we have about you as an asset to third parties in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of True Office, or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control, for the purposes of such third parties carrying on the business of True Office in relation to the continued provision of our services to you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Other Lawful Purposes - True Office, our affiliates and our European, US, Canadian and other service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We may also disclose personal information where appropriate for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or as otherwise permitted by law.
a) In the past twelve (12) months, True Office has collected the following categories of personal information for business purposes:
Personal identifiers (e.g. IP address, telephone number, cookies, beacons)
Information protected against security breaches (e.g. name, password, social security number)
The following sub-categories of personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute: name, signature (only for customer representatives that are signatories to customer agreements with TOL).b) In the past twelve (12) Months, True Office has not collected the following categories of personal information for business purposes:
Categories of personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (except name and signature(s) of signatories to customer agreements with TOL)
Protected classification information (e.g. sexuality, ethnicity, sex)
Commercial Information (e.g. records of services purchased)
Internet activity (e.g. browsing history, search history)
Geolocation
Audio, electronic, thermal and video data
Professional or employment related information
Education information
Biometric data (e.g. fingerprints, voice recording, DNA)
Inferences drawn from profiling
c) True Office does not sell any categories of personal information.
6. YOUR CHOICES
If you wish to stop receiving information concerning our services or products, please contact us by email at privacy@trueoffice.com to notify us of your wishes.
7. NOTICE TO NON-U.S. USERS
We may transfer, process, and store your personal information outside of your home country, including in the United States and Canada, which may not have the same level of data protection as your home country. For the avoidance of doubt, if you are resident in the EEA this may include the transfer of your personal information from within the EEA to a country outside of the EEA.
8. ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have submitted personal information through an True Office Website and you would like to access, update, or correct inaccuracies in your personal information, or have your name removed from our databases, please contact True Office via email at privacy@trueoffice.com, or send a letter to our Privacy Compliance Officer, 180 Maiden Lane, Suite 620, New York, NY 10038.
If you are a registered user of our Website, you may also access your personal account information online and make changes by logging into your account.
9. SECURITY & DATA INTEGRITY
We have put in place commercially reasonable safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security with respect to your personal information. Despite these protections, however, we cannot guarantee that your data will be 100% secure. You should take measures to protect your personal information.
10. YOUR SECURITY OBLIGATIONS
Your online access to certain of your personal information may be protected with a password you select. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages). You have an obligation to keep your user ID, password and personal information secure. As part of maintaining this obligation we recommend that you do the following:
Keep your user ID and password confidential;
Utilize a unique password and change it frequently;
Make sure others are not watching you enter your user ID and/or password on your keyboard when using protected areas of the Website; and
Do not leave your computer unattended while logged onto protected areas of the Website. After you finished accessing your information, exit the protected area.
11. CHILDREN
This Website is not intended for use by minors (persons under the age of 18 and, in those Canadian provinces where the age of majority is 19, persons under the age of 19). If you are a minor, do not use this Website. If parents believe their minor children have accessed this Website and provided their personal information, please contact us using the information provided in the "Accessing Your Personal Information" section of this Privacy Policy so that we may delete the information.
12. OTHER SITES
Our Website may contain links to other sites that True Office does not own or operate. Also, links to our Website may be featured on third party websites on which we advertise. Except as provided herein, we will not provide any of your personal information to these third parties without your consent. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. We recommend you read carefully the privacy statements, notices and terms of use of any linked websites. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat your personal information.
13. COMPLAINTS/COMMENTS
True Office takes your privacy concerns seriously. If you have any questions about this policy or if you believe that True Office has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may write to privacy@trueoffice.com or send a letter to our Privacy Compliance Officer at 180 Maiden Lane, Suite 620, New York, NY 10038.
14. RETENTION
Your personal information is retained no longer than reasonably necessary to perform the processing described in this Policy and in case of any legal claims or complaints, or as required by law.
15. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2008 will receive information regarding 2007 sharing activities).
To obtain this information, please send an email message to privacy@trueoffice.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Notice of Non-Discrimination:  You will not be discriminated against, and you will not be denied goods or services, for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Back to Top
ABOUT
CAREERS
BLOG
CLIENT SUPPORT
PRIVACY
TERMS / CONDITIONS
Featured In:
©2019-2020 True Office Learning, Inc.