http://www.cim.edu/aboutcim/documents-policies
Skip to main content
Close
Main navigation
About
Admissions & Aid
Areas of Study
Student Life
Prep & Continuing Education
Header Utility
Apply
Visit
Give
Header Search
Concerts
Alumni
Directory
Search
Log In
Returning to Campus
Find CIM’s plan for fall 2020, learn about the safety measures in place and access resources at cim.edu/return-to-campus.
About | quick links
Alumni
CIM International Academy
Documents and Policies
Donate & Support CIM
History of CIM
Leadership
Library
Location & Directions
Mission & Vision
News
Partners for CIM
staff directory
Title IX
Work at CIM
Youth & Adult Programs
Equal Opportunity Policy
In the administration of its educational and admission policies, scholarship, loan, and other school-administered programs, the Cleveland Institute of Music is committed to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity. The Institute admits students to all the rights, privileges, programs and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, citizenship, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, or disability.
Community Standards Policy
CIM's Community Standards Policy is meant to help CIM community members understand the Institute’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion imperative, set expectations for training and conduct, and provide a pathway for accountability. This policy is a mechanism for addressing issues of bias, harassment, cultural insensitivity, and discriminatory language/actions which do not meet the institution’s Community Standards.
Financial Documents
Official CIM documents can be downloaded here:
990 Form (2016-2017)
Audited Financial Statements (2017)
Donor Privacy Policy
In recognition of its obligation to respect and protect the privacy of its donors, the Cleveland Institute of Music (CIM) pledges to handle information about donations with respect and confidentiality. Donors will be informed of the Institute's mission and of the way CIM intends to use contributed resources. Contributions to CIM will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
CIM recognizes the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of personal information regarding its donors. To that end, CIM lists are never sold to third parties, nor does CIM share or trade a donor's personal information with anyone else, or send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Donor Listing
CIM will make every effort to list your name in donor listing in the format you prefer. If you would like to change your current listing or make your donation anonymously, please inform us by using the contact information listed below.
Contact Us
If you wish additional information on how CIM protects donor privacy, please email CIM's Development Department at donations@cim.edu. You may also call us at (216) 791-5000 or write us at:
Cleveland Institute of Music
Attn: Development Department
11021 East Boulevard
Cleveland, OH 44106
Disclaimer
Notwithstanding other provisions of this privacy policy, CIM may disclose personal information in special cases when we find it necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with CIM, its constituents, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. CIM reserves the right to disclose any information to law enforcement or other parties that CIM, in its sole discretion, believes is required or appropriate in order to comply with the law.
About CIMAlumniCIM Documents and PoliciesDiversity, Equity and InclusionHistory Leadership Mission and Vision NewsroomPartners for CIMRobinson Music LibrarySupport CIMTitle IX Work at CIM
Top