https://www.awesomelibrary.org/privacy.html
Awesome Library
Search:
Spelling
Here: Home > Privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Awesome Library does not collect information on visitors to its Website. This is, perhaps, all a visitor or parent needs to know since it covers everything. To fulfill federal legislative requirements, we are making additional specific statements below.
Privacy Policy Regarding Children
The Awesome Library does not:
Collect online contact information from a child under 13.   If Awesome Library ever does collect such information, it will gain prior verifiable parental consent or direct parental notification of the nature and intended use of this information, which shall include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity.   Where prior parental consent is not obtained,online contact information shall only be used to directly respond to the child's request and shall not be used to re-contact the child for other purposes. Emails from children are not saved after responding to their questions.
The Awesome Library does not:
Collect personally identifiable offline contact information from children under 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
The Awesome Library does not:
Distribute to third parties any Personally
Identifiable Information collected from a child under
13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Give the ability to children under 13 to publicly post
or otherwise distribute personally identifiable
contact information without prior verifiable parental
consent, and will make best efforts to prohibit a
child from posting any contact information.
Entice a child under 13 by the prospect of a
special game, prize or other activity, to divulge
more information than is needed to participate in
such activity.
If the Aweseome Library ever requests personally identifiable information, we will also place prominent notice where personally identifiable information is collected, requesting the child to ask a parent for permission to answer the questions.
Privacy Policy Regarding Adults
The Awesome Library does not:
Collect personally identifible information.   If it does begin collecting such information, prior consent will be obtained from the users of the site, options will be provided to not provide such information, and the uses of the information will be specified.   If information will be divulged to third parties, users will be notified prior to collecting the information.
Back to Top
Search:
Spelling
Hot Topics - American
Flag, Current
Events,
Politics,
Education,
Environment,
Iraq,
Biographies,
Multicultural,
Encyclopedias, Medical Care, Obesity, Fitness, Sports, Holidays,
Middle East Conflict, Terrorism, Bullying,
Child Heroes,
World
Peace,
Election Reform,
Awesome Talking Library, Spanish, French, Italian,
German, Search the Web,
Russian,
Dutch,
Greek,
Portuguese,
Chinese, Korean, Japanese,
Try Index,
New, Search Engines,
Dictionary,
or the Bookstore, Licenses,
Email Us, About Us, Link to Us, or Privacy Policy.
© 1996 - 2016 EDI
and Dr. R. Jerry Adams