http://www.alumni.ucdavis.edu/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
One Aggie Network
About
Privacy Statement
Important Privacy Notice
You have the right to control whether we include you in product and service offerings provided by our affinity partners (companies that we partner with to offer products or services to our alumni). Please read the following information carefully before you make your choice below:
Your Rights
You have the following rights to restrict the sharing of your name, address and electronic mail address with our affinity partners.
This form does not prohibit us from sharing your information when we are required to do so by law. This includes sending you information about the alumni association, the university, or other products or services.
Your Choice
Restrict Information Sharing With Affinity Partners:
Unless you say "NO," we may include you in product and service offerings provided by our affinity partners. Our affinity partners may send you offers to purchase various products or services that we may have agreed they can offer in partnership with us.
Time Sensitive Reply
You may decide at any time that you do not want to be included in these mailings. If we do not hear from you, we may include you in one of our affinity partner mailings.
If you decide that you do not want to receive information from our partners, you may do one of the following:
E-mail us at optout@ucdavis.edu. Be sure to include any ID numbers you may have (student ID or membership number that can be found on your membership card), name, address and phone number.
Call 1 (800) 242-GRAD.
Fill out the attached form and mail it to us at the following address. Be sure to include your Personal ID number. You may also want to make a copy for your records.
Cal Aggie Alumni Association
UC Davis
One Shields Avenue
Davis, CA 95616
Should you have any questions, call us at the toll-free number (800) 242-GRAD.
Sub Main Menu
History
Leadership
Alumni Stats
Alumni Center
UC Davis Alumni Awards
Partners
Contact Us
Privacy Statement