https://www.canto.com/privacy-policy/
Canto Privacy PolicyLast Updated: May 22, 2018Canto is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website and in using our products and services. This Canto Privacy Policy describes the information we gather from you when you use the website and related services and how we use, process, and disclose that information. We may add to this Policy with other notices.Data collection on our websiteWhen you visit our website, some information about your visit is automatically collected by Cantoís systems. For example, when you visit our sites your computerís operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the websites you visited before our site are logged automatically. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our site including information you submit as a part of surveys or forms.Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.Analytics and third-party toolsWhen visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your browsing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your browsing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy. You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.Data protectionCanto takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Notice concerning the party responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:Canto Inc.
625 Market Street, Suite #600
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
Telephone: +1 415 495-6545Canto GmbH
Lietzenburger Straﬂe 46
10789 Berlin
Deutschland
Telephone: +49 (0) 30 390 485-0
Email: info@canto.comRevocation of your consent to the processing of your dataYou may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.Right to file complaints with regulatory authoritiesIf someone believes that there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the appropriate regulatory authorities.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.SSL or TLS encryptionThis site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browserís address line when it changes from http:// to https:// and the lock icon is displayed in your browserís address bar.If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.Information, blocking, deletionAs permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.Statutory data protection officerWe have appointed a data protection officer for our company.RA Ulf Neumann
Lederstraﬂe 134
72764 ReutlingenTelephone: +49 (0) 7121 347654-0
Email: mail@ulfneumann.deCookiesSome of our web pages use cookies. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called ìsession cookies.î They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your deviceís memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your browsing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.Server log filesThe website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in ìserver log filesî. These are:Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URLHost name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestIP addressThese data will not be combined with data from other sources.The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.Contact formShould you send us a request via a contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time. An email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.Registration on this websiteYou can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.Questions for CantoIf you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal information, or if you have any other privacy-related questions, please contact us by email at info@canto.com.TOP