http://www.swc.tc/index.php/records-policy-reports-forms/campus-security
Facebook
Menu
Home
Student Life
Support Staff Contacts
News and Events
SWC College Sports
Watch SWC Mustang Basketball
College Cafeteria
Bookstore
SWC Library
SWC Student Handbook
Admissions
Application Process and Financial Planning
Registrar
Financial Aid
FAFSA
Application for Admission
Student Services
Campus Housing
TESTING and TUTORING CENTER
FERPA - Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Academics
Course Descriptions
Dakota Studies
Dakota Studies Audio Files
Articulation Agreements
Faculty Contacts
Academic Calendar 2020-2021
Course Schedule Spring 2021
Course Schedule Fall 2020
2019 - 2021 College Course Catalog
Administration
Sisseton Wahpeton College Mission Statement
Human Resources
Campus Policies and Security
College Business-User Forms
College Governance
Board of Trustees
SWC Extension Program
SWC eLearning
eLearning Login Help Page
My SWCollege Portal
Consumer Disclosures
College Links
Student and Staff College Email swcollege.edu
ALEKS
GradReady
Employee TIme Clock
Sisseton Wahpeton College Public Library OPAC
South Dakota State Library Online Resources
JSTOR ( Journal Storage )
MenuHomeStudent LifeSupport Staff Contacts News and EventsSWC College SportsWatch SWC Mustang Basketball College CafeteriaBookstoreSWC LibrarySWC Student HandbookAdmissionsApplication Process and Financial PlanningRegistrarFinancial AidFAFSAApplication for AdmissionStudent ServicesCampus HousingTESTING and TUTORING CENTERFERPA - Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act AcademicsCourse DescriptionsDakota StudiesDakota Studies Audio FilesArticulation AgreementsFaculty ContactsAcademic Calendar 2020-2021Course Schedule Spring 2021Course Schedule Fall 20202019 - 2021 College Course CatalogAdministration Sisseton Wahpeton College Mission StatementHuman ResourcesCampus Policies and SecurityCollege Business-User FormsCollege GovernanceBoard of TrusteesSWC Extension ProgramSWC eLearningeLearning Login Help PageMy SWCollege PortalConsumer DisclosuresCollege LinksStudent and Staff College Email swcollege.edu ALEKSGradReadyEmployee TIme Clock Sisseton Wahpeton College Public Library OPACSouth Dakota State Library Online ResourcesJSTOR ( Journal Storage )
HomeAdministration Campus Policies and SecurityCampus Academic Policies and Procedures 2016
Campus Policy, Security and Safety
Print
Email
Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security
The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act is the landmark federal law, originally known as the Campus Security Act that requires colleges and universities across the United States to disclose information about crime on and around their campuses. Because the law is tied to participation in federal student financial aid programs it applies to most institutions of higher education both public and private. It is enforced by the U.S. Department of Education.
The “Clery Act” is named in memory of 19-year-old Lehigh University freshman Jeanne Ann Clery who was raped and murdered while asleep in her residence hall room on April 5, 1986. Jeanne's parents, Connie and Howard, discovered that students hadn't been told about 38 violent crimes on the Lehigh campus in the three years before her murder. They joined with other campus crime victims and persuaded Congress to enact this law, which was originally known as the "Crime Awareness and Campus Security Act of 1990."
The law was amended in 1992 to add a requirement that schools afford the victims of campus sexual assault certain basic rights, and was amended again in 1998 to expand the reporting requirements. The 1998 amendments also formally named the law in memory of Jeanne Clery. The law was most recently amended in 2000 to require schools beginning in 2003 to notify the campus community about where public "Megan's Law" information about registered sex offenders on campus could be obtained.
U.S. Department of Education Campus Security
ALCOHOL/DRUG/TOBACCO FREE WORKPLACE
The Sisseton Wahpeton College has a strong commitment to the community, students and employees to provide a safe, learning and working environment. While it is not the intention of the college to intrude into the private lives of its employees, the college does expect its employees to conduct their work free from the influence of alcohol or drugs.
The use or possession of alcohol and controlled substances is prohibited on college premises. Alcohol or other drug intoxication while on college premises is grounds for dismissal.  In all instances, the Tribal Police will be notified.
Use of smoking or smokeless tobacco is not permitted within any SWC facility as prohibited by federal smoke-free, drug-free regulations. Because of the dangers associated with both primary and secondary smoke, all faculty and staff are required to report violations of the smoke-free and drug-free policy to their supervisor.
FERPA - The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education.
FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children's education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are "eligible students."
Parents or eligible students have the right to inspect and review the student's education records maintained by the school. Schools are not required to provide copies of records unless, for reasons such as great distance, it is impossible for parents or eligible students to review the records. Schools may charge a fee for copies.
Parents or eligible students have the right to request that a school correct records which they believe to be inaccurate or misleading. If the school decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student then has the right to a formal hearing. After the hearing, if the school still decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student has the right to place a statement with the record setting forth his or her view about the contested information.
Generally, schools must have written permission from the parent or eligible student in order to release any information from a student's education record. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to the following parties or under the following conditions (34 CFR § 99.31):
School officials with legitimate educational interest;
Other schools to which a student is transferring;
Specified officials for audit or evaluation purposes;
Appropriate parties in connection with financial aid to a student;
Organizations conducting certain studies for or on behalf of the school;
Accrediting organizations;
To comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena;
Appropriate officials in cases of health and safety emergencies; and
State and local authorities, within a juvenile justice system, pursuant to specific State law.
Schools may disclose, without consent, "directory" information such as a student's name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, honors and awards, and dates of attendance. However, schools must tell parents and eligible students about directory information and allow parents and eligible students a reasonable amount of time to request that the school not disclose directory information about them. Schools must notify parents and eligible students annually of their rights under FERPA. The actual means of notification (special letter, inclusion in a PTA bulletin, student handbook, or newspaper article) is left to the discretion of each school.
The name and address of the Office that administers FERPA is:
Family Policy Compliance OfficeU.S. Department of Education400 Maryland Avenue, SWWashington, D.C. 20202-8520
CAMPUS SECURITY
Campus
Emergency, Criminal Actions Reporting Policies
Campus Crime Statistics Act 2019
Campus Drug And Alcohol Policy
Campus Sexual Offender Policy
HEA Drug Provision (20 U.S.C. § 1091r).
Weapons Policy
CAMPUS CONDUCT AND ETHICAL BEHAVIOR
Campus Harassment Policy
Campus Plagiarism and Academic Integrity Policy
Campus Standards of Student Conduct Policy
Student Handbook
SWC Student HandbookCAMPUS SAFETY
Campus Accident and Incident Reporting Policy
Campus Immunization/Vaccination
Contagious Disease Policy
Campus Smoking Policy 2016
ACADEMIC AND FINANCIAL AID POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
Add-Drop-Withdrawal Procedures
Admissions Policy/SAP Policy/Admission Requirements
Campus Student Grievance Policy and Procedures
Financial Aid Policy
Return to Title IV Policy
Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) P.L. 94-482, 20 U.S.C. 1088 (f.)
Student RIghts and Responsibilities
CAMPUS FACILITIES AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY POLICIES
Campus Housing Policy
Campus Technology Network/E-mail/Internet Acceptable Use Agreement
IT Equipment Checkout Policy
It is the policy of Sisseton Wahpeton College to provide equal opportunity to all individuals regardless of ethnicity, creed, national origin, gender, disability, or age.
Go to top