http://www.library.villanova.edu/using-the-library/access/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Due to COVID-19 limitations, responding to and processing requests may take longer than usual.
Falvey Memorial Library
VISIT /
APPLY /
GIVE
0 items
My Library Account
Collections
Research Services
Using the Library
About
Search
Everything
Books & Media
Title
Journal Title
Author
Subject
Call Number
ISBN/ISSN
Tag
Articles & more
Article Title
Article Author
Other Libraries (ILL)
ILL Title
ILL Author
ILL Subject
ILL Call Number
ILL ISBN/ISSN
Library Website
Guides
Digital Library
Search for books, articles, library site, almost anything
Search
Advanced
You are exploring:
Home >
Using the Library >
Access >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In order to provide user services and circulate materials, Falvey Memorial Library utilizes personal information about our patrons, including:
patron account information, including name, University ID number, address, and phone
library circulation records
interlibrary loan & E-ZBorrow requests
reference questions received via chat or email
It is the library’s goal to gather only the minimum information and to store all user data securely. When necessary, personal patron information will be:
shared with University staff outside of the library in order to enforce library policies
used only to address the user’s needs; staff may only access personal information during the course of library business
The library will not share personal patron information with:
other library patrons
any agency of the local, state, or federal government unless requested through a court order or subpoena
private or commercial organizations
We routinely collect information from website usage to help us improve functionality, navigation, and performance. Examples include IP addresses, pages visited on our site, and the URL of the website that linked you to our site. This type of data is not normally personally identifiable unless the user has provided personal information, for example, in a web form or chat session. A cookie may also be placed on your computer to anonymously track your session.
The Library website links to other third party sites and services that are not controlled by the Library. Where the Library contracts with vendors for digital information products and resources, we attempt to include user privacy protections in the license agreements. However, the practices of these external sites are not under the control of the Library. Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements at those sites.
Library patron information is stored in accordance with the University’s Data Classification Policy. The Library’s Privacy Policy does not supersede the policies put forth by Villanova University and by the University’s information technology group, UNIT.
27 June 2017
Last Modified: 2018-08-22 09:23:59
Ask Us: Live Chat
Back to Top