https://www.dailylobo.com/page/privacy_policy
About Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Clear, 30°F
7 Day Forecast
Thursday December 10th, 2020
News
Sports
Culture
The Aux
Multimedia
Opinion
Submissions
Classifieds
Events
Archives
Print Editions
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was adapted from the Automattic privacy policy, and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
This privacy policy applies to the following web sites and services: dailylobo.com.
This privacy policy does not cover reprints.dailylobo.com which has its own, specific, privacy policy.
Visitors
Like most website operators, The Daily Lobo collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Daily Lobo's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Daily Lobo's visitors use its website.
The Daily Lobo also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The Daily Lobo does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The Daily Lobo's websites choose to interact with The Daily Lobo in ways that require The Daily Lobo to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Daily Lobo gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment to an email address. In each case, The Daily Lobo collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with The Daily Lobo. The Daily Lobo does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The Daily Lobo may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, The Daily Lobo may monitor the most popular articles or comments on the dailylobo.com site. The Daily Lobo may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The Daily Lobo does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Daily Lobo discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The Daily Lobo's behalf or to provide services available at The Daily Lobo's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The Daily Lobo's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Daily Lobo will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The Daily Lobo discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when The Daily Lobo believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The Daily Lobo, third parties or the public at large. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Daily Lobo takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Daily Lobo uses cookies to help The Daily Lobo identify and track visitors, and their website access preferences. The Daily Lobo visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The Daily Lobo's websites, with the drawback that certain features of The Daily Lobo's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The Daily Lobo and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Daily Lobo may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Daily Lobo's sole discretion. The Daily Lobo encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Legal Actions & Disputes
By accessing this website, user agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any and all legal actions or disputes against The Daily Lobo and any of its employees shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New Mexico.
Upcoming Events
Thu10
Fri11
Sat12
Sun13
Mon14
No events for this date
No events for this date
No events for this date
No events for this date
No events for this date
Full Calendar >>
Featured ClassifiedsSee All
WWW.UNMRENTALS.COM
Awesome university apartments. Unique, hardwood floors, FPs, courtyards, fenced yards. Houses, cottages, efficiencies, studios, 1, 2 and 3BDRMs. Garages. 505-843-9642. Open 6 days/week. — Apartments
Custom software development! We can help you build your app or launch your site! 505-750-1169. — Computer Stuff
Lobo Village Room available.
Fully furnished private room and BA. Free shuttle to UNM. 3 chill roommates. Female UNM or CNM students only. If interested contact: zwhitehorse@unm.edu — Rooms For Rent
Tweets by @DailyLobo