https://www.essentialnails.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie preferences
This website uses cookies, which are necessary for the technical operation of the website and are always set. Other cookies, which increase the comfort when using this website, are used for direct advertising or to facilitate interaction with other websites and social networks, are only set with your consent.
Categories
Nail Courses
Nail Products
Gelaze®
Vital Supplies
Nail Trainer
Graduate Success Stories
Student Information Q&A
Blog
Information
Cookie-Einstellungen
Privacy Policy Beauty Training Intl. Ltd. is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors and customers consequently you can find our full GDPR Statement here. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us. By registering or placing an order on this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.  Information that we collect from you. When you visit, register or order products or services on www.btint.co.uk or www.essentialnails.com you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information. We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
Use of your information. Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our site and to supply the goods you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business. In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the site or our services. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know about other products which we offer which may be of interest to you including and we may contact you by post, telephone or fax, as well as by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know. Disclosure of your information. The information you provide to us will be held on our computers in the UK. If our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners. Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent. Cookies. Cookies are small amounts of information which we store on your computer. Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies although, in that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please let us know. Security and data retention. We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires. Accessing and updating. You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Changes to our privacy policy. Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the site and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification. Contact. All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to Beauty Training Intl. Ltd, Manor Road, Haverhill, Suffolk, CB9 0EP, England.