http://www.cjh.org/about/privacy-policy
15 West 16th Street ·
New York, NY 10011
(212) 294-8301
Hours
EMAIL SIGN-UP
You are here:Home / About the Center / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We
have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your
privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit
our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing
such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to
how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Use of Links
Throughout
our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain
information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise
no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the
information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your
Web site to our site does not require permission, provided that your link to this site is presented in a manner that does not give
the impression that the Center is making either an express or implied
endorsement of the content or service provided on your Web site. If you
have a link you'd like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to development@cjh.org with the subject "Link request."
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our Web site, please send your request to development@cjh.org.
Accessibility
This
Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities,
and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your
comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more
accessible, please contact us at development@cjh.org.
Reading or Downloading
We
collect and store only the following information about you: the name of
the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are
connecting from an America Online account), the date and time you access
our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you
linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If
you complete the Profile update form and share your personally
identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted
content. We may use your contact information to send further information
about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always
opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "Opt Out" section below.
Sending us an Email
You
also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for
example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling
out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally
identifying information from email primarily to respond to your
requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email
to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of
interest.
We
want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying
information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such
information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary.
Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we
receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form or by emailing emailupdates@cjh.org. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: development@cjh.org.
Donor Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
We
respect your privacy and safeguard your personal information and giving
history with highly sophisticated encryption and safeguards. At times we use your
contact information to notify you about events or activities we think
you may be interested in. You are free to unsubscribe from such
notifications at any time by emailing emailupdates@cjh.org, calling 212.294.8310 or indicating this on any piece of physical mail you send us – we can update both your electronic and physical mail preferences through this address.
Deliberately
chosen organizations that have information or activities that we think
could be of interest to individuals on our mailing list are infrequently
accepted for an exchange of distribution lists. The capacity to share
this information is a cost effective way we can expand out supporter
base. If you prefer that we do not include your name when we exchange with other organizations you may email emailupdates@cjh.org, call 212.294.8310 or mark this preference on any piece of physical mail you send to us.
When
vendors are given access to donor information, for example information credit card information or a printer who was retained to
print and mail material, they are contractually bound to keep the
information confidential and safe. Safeguards are in place that would
make any interception of this information very difficult.  The safeguards in place are both electronic (secure logins,
firewalls…etc) as well as physical –strict access restrictions. If you
have any questions or concerns about the donor privacy policy feel free
to email development@cjh.org