https://www.aam-us.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy notice
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
I Accept
and dismiss this message
Skip to content
Effective Date: June 29, 2018
American Alliance of Museums (“AAM,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy notice to describe how we collect and process the personal information of individuals who visit our website, www.aam-us.org (“Site”) or interact with us offline, such as through email or telephonic communications.
Information Collection
We collect the information you provide us through the Site and offline, including your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, employment information, financial information, social media information, and any other information you choose to provide.  We collect this information when you create a profile on the Site, submit a membership application, apply for job opportunities, donate to AAM, complete online forms, or interact with us for any other purpose.  If you create an account on our Site, we collect the username and password associated with your account.
We may also gather technical information including, but not limited to, browser type, IP address, pages visited and other activities on the Site, device type, and time and date of visit.  We may also receive information about your current location if permitted by your browser settings.  We may use cookies or similar technology to collect such information.
Information Use
We process your personal information, including for the following purposes:
To communicate with our members;
To fulfill member benefits and provide sponsorship opportunities;
To confirm and process online transactions;
To create mailing lists, including mailing lists for purchase;
To improve the Site, including to improve the features, tools, functionality, and content available on the Site and through AAM;
To comply with the law; and/or
As otherwise disclosed at the time personal information is collected.
Where we intend to process your personal information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected, we will provide you with information regarding the purpose for the processing, as well as other relevant information, prior to processing your personal information for the new purpose.
Information Sharing
We share your personal information, including with the following parties:
Third parties that perform services on our behalf, including those that carry out activities related to our membership services and events, and those that assist with our business operations, including data storage providers, software providers, employment relations providers, insurers and banking partners, and publishers;
Our business partners, including those that sponsor, host, or exhibit at our events, or other third parties for their own marketing purposes. Please visit the “Choices” section below for additional information;
As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties; or
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.
We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation.
International Visitors
This section applies to those that visit our Site from the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
AAM processes personal information with your consent (e.g., when AAM processes personal information to provide goods and services you request, such as to process donations you make).
On other occasions, AAM may process personal information when it needs to do this to fulfill a contract (e.g., to process membership applications) or where required to do this by law.
If necessary, AAM may also process personal information when it is in AAM’s legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for customer service and fraud detection purposes) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Please be aware that the personal information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal information in the United States.
You have a right to the following:
To request access to the personal information we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal information;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal information about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal information directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.
To exercise these rights, contact gdprrequests@aam-us.org.  Please be aware that AAM may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us.  To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Retention
We will process and store your information only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law.  The criteria used to determine the period of storage of information is the respective statutory retention period or as provided in our record retention policy.  After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.
Third-Party Links and Tools
We may work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes.  AAM uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes.  For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
The Site may provide links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages.  We do not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps, and they are not covered by this privacy notice.  You should review the privacy notices of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
The Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins,” such as social networking tools offered by third parties.  If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on the Site, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.  Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy notices of the companies that provide those features.  We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any accounts you create and use.
Choices
To opt out of our e-mail marketing, you may use the link provided at the bottom of each marketing message.
As described in this privacy notice, we may also make your personal information available to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Pursuant to California Civil Code § 1798.83, no more than once per calendar year, California residents may request that we send via mail or email: (1) the categories of personal information disclosed to those third parties; and (2) the names and addresses of those third parties.  To request this information, please contact us at membership@aam-us.org.
Updating Your Information
You may review and update your communication preferences and information via the “Edit Profile” section of the Site or by contacting us through the information provided in the “Contact” section below.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
If we decide to change our privacy notice, we will post these changes on this page.  We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of updates.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy notice, please contact us, in our role as data controller, at:
American Alliance of Museums
2451 Crystal Dr. Suite 1005
Arlington, VA 22202
membership@aam-us.org
AAM Member-Only Content
AAM Members get exclusive access to premium digital content including:
Featured articles from Museum magazine
Access to more than 1,500 resource listings from the Resource Center
Tools, reports, and templates for equipping your work in museums
Log In
Not a member? Join Now
Learn more about AAM Membership
We're Sorry
Your current membership level does not allow you to access this content.
Upgrade Your Membership
Learn More about AAM Membership
Recruiting for Museum Board Diversity Webinar
Category:
Board Diversity
Support Free DEAI Resources: AAM provides all of our DEAI resources for free to AAM …
MSN Conversation #3: Making the Future Museum We Want
Category:
Labor
View a recording of “MSN Conversation #3: Making the Future Museum We Want” presented by …
The State of the Museum Field in 2020, as Viewed by Students
Category:
Museum Studies
On a day in April 2020, Richard E. Jones—a recent St. John’s University graduate who grew …
Subscribe to Field Notes!Packed with stories and insights for museum people, Field Notes is delivered to your inbox every Monday. Once you've completed the form below, confirm your subscription in the email sent to you.
If you are a current AAM member, please sign-up using the email address associated with your account.
Primary RoleArchivist/LibrarianBoard Chair (unpaid)Community Outreach/External RelationsConservationConsultant/Independent ProfessionalCuratorialDevelopmentEducator: College/UniversityEducator: MuseumExhibitionsFacility/OperationsFinance & AccountingFormer Director/CEOGeneral Administrative StaffGovernment Agency StaffGovernment RelationsHRIT/WebLegalLiving Collections CareMembershipMuseum Events/Food ServiceMuseum StoreMuseum TrusteeMuseum VolunteerOther Museum FunctionOther Non-Museum FunctionPresident/CEO/Executive DirectorPublic Relations & MarketingPublicationsRegistration/Collections ManagementResearch: Audience EvaluationResearch: Discipline BasedRetired Museum StaffSecuritySenior Management/VP/COO/CFO/Division DirectorStudent: Museum-RelatedStudent: OtherVisitor ServicesVolunteer Management
Are you a museum professional?
Are you a current AAM member?
Yes
No
SUBSCRIBE!
Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription, and please add communications@aam-us.org to your safe sender list.