https://www.resourcesforreading.com/privacy
REQUEST A QUOTE
CONTACT US
0 Items
Toggle navigation
FREE SHIPPING ON ONLINE ORDERS OVER $99*
REQUEST A QUOTE
CONTACT US
FEATURED
SHOP by category
READING
Send-Home Book Bags
The Art of Reading
Reading Recovery
Children's Books
Phonics
Alphabet Posters
Alphabet Puzzles
Record-Keeping
Sound Sorting
Alphabet Picture Stickers, Books, Stencils
Word Construction
Word Sorting
Letter and Word Work
WRITING
Easels & Magnetic Boards
Letter Formation
Letter Sorting
Magnetic Letters
Alphabet Posters
Alphabet Puzzles
Record-Keeping
Alphabet Picture Stickers, Books, Stencils
Word Construction
Word Sorting
Letter and Word Work
Writing Practice
CLASSROOM
Easels & Magnetic Boards
Pocket Charts
Reading Recovery Teacher Kits
Magnetic Letters
Miscellaneous Classroom Items
Motivational Items &amp; Games
Alphabet Posters
Professional Books for Teachers
Alphabet Puzzles
Record-Keeping
Send-Home Book Bags
Storage & Organization
Electronic Timers
CLEARANCE
ABOUT
Pioneer Valley Educational Press Privacy Policy
Resources for Reading is owned and operated by Pioneer Valley Educational Press.
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
We promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the web pages, newsletters, discussion lists, and announcement lists owned and operated by Pioneer Valley Educational Press. The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a Pioneer Valley Educational Press name and IP address - a set of numbers that serve as that computer's 'Internet Protocol'. When a visitor requests a page from Pioneer Valley Educational Press' website, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's Pioneer Valley Educational Press name and IP address. The Pioneer Valley Educational Press name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, but do not collect and evaluate this information for individuals. Our web servers do not record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
What are cookies?
Occasionally, Pioneer Valley Educational Press may send a 'cookie' to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of Pioneer Valley Educational Press' network of websites you have visited, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. We may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you've visited a particular page. We may use this information to better personalize the content that you see on our site.
You have the choice of accepting cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
What other information do you request?
We may ask you to provide your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or information about new services). Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict 'No-Spam' policy that means that we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third party.
In addition, Pioneer Valley Educational Press will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may from time to time send e-mails announcing new services offered by Pioneer Valley Educational Press.
When you sign up for an Pioneer Valley Educational Press or Resources for Reading service or newsletter, your name or alias is recorded solely for purposes of maintaining your account within the Pioneer Valley Educational Press client base or as a subscriber to our forthcoming newsletters.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?
Pioneer Valley Educational Press will disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
1) Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on Pioneer Valley Educational Press.
2) Protect and defend the rights or property of the Pioneer Valley Educational Press network of sites, or visitors to Pioneer Valley Educational Press.
3) Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.
4) Co-operate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
Pioneer Valley Educational Press uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. Pioneer Valley Educational Press reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of Pioneer Valley Educational Press capital stock or assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties which receive the information.
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
The Pioneer Valley Educational Press networks of websites contains many links to other Web sites. Pioneer Valley Educational Press is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Pioneer Valley Educational Press does not share any of the individual personal information you provide with the sites to which Pioneer Valley Educational Press links. Please refer to those sites for their privacy policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Your Consent to This Agreement
By using our website and our services, you consent to the collection and use of information by Pioneer Valley Educational Press as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
GET THE LATEST UPDATES
Be the first to know about new products and the latest news.
ABOUT PIONEER VALLEY BOOKS
Pioneer Valley Books offers a wide variety of fiction and nonfiction books and other resources for Reading Recovery, primary classroom, and literacy teachers at affordable prices. Our mission is to provide engaging stories and teaching materials that help children to develop strong literacy skills and a love of reading.
NEED HELP ORDERING?
Contact Us
Request A Quote
Resources for Reading 2020 Catalog
Stay Connected
Twitter
Facebook
All contents © 2020 Resources for Reading. All rights reserved.
155A Industrial Drive, Northampton, MA 01060
| P: 413.923.6101 |
F: 650.871.4551
Privacy Policy